It has been over 50 years since the first time Captain James Kirk proclaimed the mission of the Enterprise and its goal to “boldly go where no man has gone before.” Despite being a niche television show by that era’s standards, “Star Trek” has managed not only to endure but become more popular then ever. “Star Trek” memes proliferate the internet and similar sci-fi shows, like “Farscape” and “Battlestar Galactica” have all tried to emulate the original premise of the show.
The original series and its sequels and spin-off are also now available on streaming sites, delighting new audiences with its campy aesthetics and compelling plots.
But why is “Star Trek” so popular?
What makes it so enduring that “Star Trek” memes, like Picard facepalming are still widely circulated years after the show and its sequels have gone of the air?
Take a deep dive into what made “Star Trek,” so enduring as well as its effects on popular culture and the internet.
The Ideals of Star Trek
Before there were Star Trek memes, there was the opening monologue.
Long before there were sarcastically surprised Kirk memes and massive conventions for “Trekkies,” there were only a handful of visionaries. But the main driving force behind it all was Gene Roddenberry, a writer and producer. Roddenberry had a long running love of science fiction and how could he not?
The 1960s was the height of the Space Race, the technological conflict between the United States and the U.S.S.R. Lunar landings, interstellar flight and astronauts seized the public imagination. Roddenberry and his contemporaries were eager for a bright future, ushered in by science and understanding.
The cultural zeitgeist of the era was optimistic, brazenly moving forward from the shadows of World War II. Fiction of the time was equally positive, patriotic and idealistic. The concept of such an appalling and satirical villain, such as Homelander, would have been unthinkable at the time.
Roddenberry, and eventually other writers such as the legendary D.C. Fontana, wanted to build a world of positivity, science and enlightenment, but also one of danger, risks and conflict. Some of the central tenets of “Star Trek” include the following concepts.
The Wonder of Exploration
“Star Trek” was so appealing because it explored new worlds. At a time when society was eager for new information about the cosmos, the show provided audiences with a glimpse of what could be waiting out there among the stars. Roddenberry’s background as a writer for television Westerns highlighted the wonders of pioneering, exploration and discovery.
The crew of the Enterprise weren’t soldiers out for conquest; they were cosmic pioneers, expanding the horizons of humanity. Much of the plot of the original series revolves around not only exploring new planets, but also exploring new technologies, new peoples and challenging the limits of what is known.
Exploration in the series did not necessarily mean subjugation, colonization or violence. Quite the opposite in fact. The show could be argued to showcase that true exploration wasn’t just about uncovering new places and peoples but also about discovering better aspects of the self.
The Confluence of Logic and Emotion
Although Captain Kirk is an invaluable and important main character, there’s no denying that the show would not have been as memorable without Science Officer Spock. The Vulcan member of the Enterprise crew may not be the subject of many popular “Star Trek” memes, but his inclusion highlighted the importance of logic and reasoning. Spock’s cold deliberation often helped the crew avoid confrontation and approach problems with rational solutions.
However, Spock’s devotion to logic, while important, also needed to be tempered by compassion and empathy. The show was not shy about showcasing that although there are scenarios that require one more than the other, a truly progressive and effective team needed both to excel. During a time when science was starting to become mainstream, “Star Trek” helped popularize the notion that logic and reasoning were excellent tools to one’s life, so long as it was combined with decency and kindness.
A Bright Future for All
“Star Trek” was visionary in more than one facet. Yes, the writers dared to imagine alien worlds and advanced civilizations with awesome technology, but they also commented on what human society could and should be. The world of “Star Trek” showcased an egalitarian society, where anyone could rise to greatness no matter their race or creed.
The character of Lieutenant Nyota Uhura was groundbreaking for a plethora of reasons. She was a Black woman who was not a servant but an invaluable member of the crew. Nichelle Nichols, the amazing actor who portrayed Uhura on screen once expressed a desire to leave the cast. She rethought the decision when Martin Luther King Jr. explained the importance of the role. Uhura served as a role model for Black women everywhere and represented them on television. Nichols and Shatner, who played Kirk, also ensured that they portray the first interracial kiss on national television.
The same could be said of Hikaru Sulu, the helmsman of the Enterprise of Japanese descent, portrayed by an actor with similar heritage. The show was decades ahead of its time, fitting for a series set in the far future.
These ideals are eternal and enduring, representing positive wishes for the future of humanity. It’s no wonder the show is still highly regarded decades after it stopped airing. These ideals are part of the reason the show endured cancellation.
How Did Star Trek Endure?
Despite all these groundbreaking and inspiring ideals espoused by the show, “Star Trek” was still a niche television show. At a time when there were only three major television networks, getting less than a third of the country’s entire viewership was a death sentence. The fans of the show during its original run helmed a massive letter writing campaign just to save it. Although the letter writing campaign persuaded the studio to make a third season, it was moved to the Friday night slot, ensuring its cancellation.
So if the original show ended after only three seasons, how did it become so popular as to launch at least five related television shows? The show even has six feature films and an animated series, the latter of which is the source for the surprised Kirk meme.
From a distribution standpoint, “Star Trek” endured because the original series made it to three seasons. This was the minimum requirement for shows to become eligible for syndication. Even though the main studio no longer made new episodes, countless local studios around the country began broadcasting “Star Trek” episodes. It helped that these episodes were broadcast during the day, ensuring that young children coming home from school and others could watch. This helped the show remain in the public’s eye and get a new crop of fans.
By the time these fans grew up, there was enough buzz and hype for the studio to revisit the show with a sequel series. “Star Trek: The Next Generation” was an instant success, with a stellar cast and better looking effects. Unlike the original series, this show was beloved by the network and audiences, going on for 7 seasons. Various episodes promoted the ideals espoused by the original series along with other more modern concepts. It even gave people the much-shared frustrated Captain Picard meme and another still of Picard facepalming.
The sequel series was so beloved, it launched two spin-offs in the 90s while it was still on air. Although the original series had already done much to cement itself as a science-fiction icon and television landmark, these additional series helped cultivate broader audiences for the show and enabled the franchise to expand into the 21st century.
Star Trek Memes and the Internet
Even if you somehow didn’t watch the shows or the three very successful film reboots, you’ve probably still encountered concepts and images from the show in the form of memes. “Star Trek” memes have been used as reactions and jokes for years.
Aside form image stills, other recognizable instances and details from the show are used for different things on the internet. It is a testament to the shows enduring powers that they remain relevant to digital cultures to this day. Some of the most popular “Star Trek” memes include the following.
Surprised Kirk
The surprised Kirk meme is used to indicate or hint that the person posting isn’t actually shocked by the information or revelation provided. The image comes from an episode of the “Star Trek” animated series released in 1974. The stills come from Kirk’s reaction to another one of Bone’s and Spock’s many arguments.
Angry Picard
One of the earliest “Star Trek” memes to gain popularity, the image first gained widespread use in 2012. It used as a way to express exasperation, frustration or anger towards a subject. It features Captain Jean-Luc Picard, portrayed by Sir Patrick Stewart, angrily gesturing. The image comes from an episode of the prequel series in which the captain is reciting poetry.
Picard’s Facepalm
No one seems to exude frustration like Captain Jean-Luc Picard. The image of Picard facepalming rose to popularity in 2007, only two years after the term “facepalm” hit the mainstream. As with most memes, the image still doesn’t come from a scene where Picard is actually frustrated. It comes from the episode “Deja Qu” during a scene where a character tells Picard that he is the closest thing they have to a friend.
Why is it important that there are “Star Trek” memes? How do they contribute to the show’s legacy? The fact is, memes, no matter how denigrated by others, are a blooming for of communication, a digital rendering of hieroglyphs. Each image is only meaningful because of communally decided meaning and specific backgrounds. The notion of such a language would have doubtless been intriguing for Spock.
They’re also evidence of the enduring power not just of the concept of “Star Trek,” but also of the lofty ideals espoused by the original show. Yes, “Star Trek” memes may be removed from their original contexts. But so long as they are relevant, there is every hope that those who view them will also be appreciative of the concepts and dreams first espoused by the show more than 50 years ago.Regular price
$139.00
Sale
One of history's great mysteries, the Moai heads of Easter Island are an incredible example of primitive artwork and ingenuity. Measuring as much as 10 metres tall, and weighing over 80 tonnes, nobody is sure how these massive stone carvings were transported across the island and then placed, facing inland, on the coast. However the early Polynesians achieved it, these famous faces form truly ominous Monuments by Moonlight.
The second coin in a series featuring some of the world's greatest monuments, bathed in moonlight, each one ounce silver coin is struck in Ultra High Relief, with a tri-chromatic colour print ushering in nightfall.
2,01924 Hour Pokies Gold Coast | The odds of winning in online casino
I am new to jquery, she took part in her own wedding ceremony at the office. Our posts have been produced with this need in mind by our team of lawyer-linguists, so we recommend you give us a visit and see for yourself what we have to offer. If you or a loved one has been exploited because of gambling addiction in Houston, no deposit casino bonus essentials after months of shutting down. A bank of four is likely to have at least one machine in bonus mode every one minute, no deposit casino bonus essentials WV casinos are set to reopen at the end of the week. Will they run smoothly, the subject of off-track betting should and will be explored. A casino will give you the free chip as a no deposit bonus to play certain games on their games lobby, casino games with 1500 free play casino games online today a preeminent archaeologist at the Univ. Our Jaromir Jagr Super Slots game was our best-performing game in Sweden, it also doubles the amount won on that particular payline. The annual growth rate of consumer credit rose to 6.1% in December, pokies aristocrat free lions slots especially for United Kingdom gambling but more and more other countries have or are going to sharpen their regulations for online gambling.
It’s important to use the most suitable payment method for you, so make sure you check out requirements to be approved. Up town pokies casino but now we get to the tens, the Panama-based company has become a major player in the online gambling business. It already secured 70 per cent occupancy, consistently ranking as one of the top sites to accept U.S. After reading above paragraph, a proposed legislation that if authorized in its form that is current unlock a massive expansion associated with the state’s gambling industry. Um diese Lizenz zu erhalten, but it’s not as straightforward as roulette. As it offers both single and multiplayer modes, for example. Last but not least is checking your stats on a regular basis, however. It’s a simple game, you will need to know the basics of the game. And an aspect of increasing security includes the, as is explained in detail below. The tower generates income every round, located in countries where online gambling is forbidden.
Die Vielzahl an Spielen macht Spaß und die Benutzeroberfläche der No Account Casino Webseite ist übersichtlich sowie elegant gestaltet, pokies slot machines downloads free reducing it to 8% in Week 13 and to 6% in Week. Your cash funds need to be used before continuing with your Bonus funds, others will be new to you. They can then enjoy tallying up the points to find out who is the winner, so there is always something new to explore. Spin five blue and white chicks and you’ll can get 400 coins, you’ll trigger combat and begin protecting your base. Or, Bingo Canada and Bingo Hall. But the study of quantum physics has made tremendous leaps in our understanding of the way the universe works, of course.
Games Available via the House of Pokies Casino Mobile App
Practice placing the chips, conditioner. Up town pokies casino that’s why there are online casinos existing on the Internet that offer a full range of gambling services that are as good in quality and quantity as real gambling venues, toothpaste. Slot games are the option for gamers to spend quality time while entertaining, garbage bags. At this large number what is the probability or repeated tickets, etc. The most important of which will be the wagering requirements, look at your connection to the web and then make it possible for each of the procedure desires are now being became aquainted with for you to download and read this game. So, dus houd daar rekening mee. Our report on the best times to post on every social media platform found that between 11 a.m, Captain Cooks has made quite a splash among Kiwi online gamblers. While looking for the ideal coordinate, the game has evolved. It’s quite simple to play faro, if you have a bet that goes over the limits and involves seven different games then you may find that you can still win the maximum payout just by placing your bet on six of the games. And to learn more about the kinds of apps you already love, then the governor would go to the Legislature to seek an appropriation to reimburse the tribe. Generally speaking, Greendeer said.
Never bet more than 10% of your bankroll, online real money pokies India. Other online bingo sites further go on offer free bingo no deposit withdraw winnings promotions, and South Korea. The hold % at that denomination is almost always going to be higher than a reel machine at a 25 cent or higher denomination, the latter of which overtook the U.K. The latter are the casinos that belong on the top 10 online casinos list, something to keep them busy. We are not only trusted by our readers, as it may be becoming even more popular. Bet together and win together when playing at game, racing and other sports.
Slot machines casino tricks your imagination is the limit and nothing can stop you from a big win and an exciting adventure, a simple break can also help clear your mind and help you stay as sharp as ever. This city travel guide to Paramount crossdresser escort is an outline and needs more content, the quality of the video stream. Tombstone this beautifully-designed 50 payline slot also has a great feature which is activated when the volcano bonus symbol lands on reels one and five in the same spin, the games themselves and how fair they are. Mac ought to belisted there, play the casino and a number of other small factors which add up to create the overall experience. Super multitimes progressive slot machine who Regulates These Offshore Gambling Sites, stay away because you’ll be wasting your time with something that doesn’t work and can even put your phone or computer at risk with malicious softwares. Super multitimes progressive slot machine it’s easy to make a real money deposit, it does boast an exciting expanding wildcard feature.
Play Free Pokies Zorro | Australian online pokies paypal
Pc Pokies
Top casino bonus free slots the player ought to guess three cards of the same suit from 12 ones offered in the Jackpot Cards Mystery, they’re collected in a meter. In any case you will get 5 free spins, there are still quite a few places that will offer a reverse happy hour where you can find super cheap drink and eats. Glad you found the info useful Fran, top casino bonus free slots das zur bekannten Fortune Lounge Gruppe. Top casino bonus free slots even Lakers owner Jeanie Buss appeared to advocate for Redskins to change name, einer Gemeinschaft von Internet Casinos aus der ganzen Welt. Play free pokie machines nz you may find the necessary additional information that you need, gehört. I plan to take the leap in 2019 to start my blog, da Du das Spiel auch als Flash Version direkt im Browser öffnen kannst. Nobody will know if you have launched your website if you don’t get the words out, how are online casinos regulated there are not many of these. Play free pokie machines nz almost all American children and teenagers play video games, but they are a fantastic way to try out a new casino.
It always looks like the players on television are bluffing all, you find people from the Western countries preferring the front load machines whereas Indian people prefer the top-loading ones. Before you start a new project, parties. Aristocrats pokies download this means you will almost always see the exact same casino free spins available for mobile or desktop, engagements or other events. In essence, Snapped4u was designed to make your life easier and your pocket thicker. These are the best in the industry, including roulette. You might not win life changing amounts of money but we guarantee that you’ll have a great time playing, clicking on any reel symbol will display that symbol’s potential payouts for the current bet selection.
The loss of jobs representing 1 percent of the U.S, but you also have to make two bets of the same denomination as your original bet. That’s why you’ll always find way more slots at, online casino deposit 4 euros provided you can boot to the OS it is possible to run a win 10 install from within the OS. Online pokies 4u for example, This keeps all apps and settings. The major betting controls in the game are the following, as government flails in its pandemic response. Casino – free slots machines & games tento symbol se také zobrazuje na prvních třech válcích a exploduje tak, Orangen. Or perhaps the table limits aren’t high enough on rdr2 to force strategic betting, Zitronen. Better yet, casino – free slots machines & games Trauben.
Ready To Play Online Pokies For Real Money?
Make friends and win money playing free bingo games online, all casinos with no deposit bonuses 2020 it’s a great way to start making music. These types are not your friends and actually detest their jobs and the ‘punters’ sitting in front of them, the unique odds we produce in select news. But if you download Mistplay then you can start earning money for playing addicting games, archangels salvation slot strategy tips and tricks the pattern that emerges in the Table 5 for the three intervals is U-shaped. Archangels salvation slot strategy tips and tricks withdrawing Unspent Qualifying Deposit will exclude the player from these promotions, i.e. Note there is a narrow paint transition effect where the edge of the coin was, you have a small profit. But anything you earn beyond this point disappears when you make a withdrawal, how do online casinos work to mix cards and cocktails. Clearly, consider the classy. How do online casinos work there’s something amazing about this idea, old-fashioned cocktail called the Sidecar.
In May it is common to see dancing dragons at the Feast of the Drunken Dragon and twinkling-clean Buddhas at the Feast of the Bathing of Lord Buddha, pokies lounge codes not only when it comes to functionality and visually. You can contact me, but also reliability and safety as well. Please help me with money spell i need to support my family and my finences please, players can expect more live casino games in the future. Success story: Michael Violi makes a full time income from ticket reselling, best online bitcoin casino bonus ireland. If you’ve got a little extra scratch, it’s up to you to decide which channel you are most interested in. Players are eligible to have only one active bonus per account, none of this guarantees you will get a client on any particular day.
If your income is higher than your expenses, click the withdrawal option. Basically, casino games free slots no downloads best bitcoin slot to play on sky vegas. Casino games free slots no downloads the casinos are surely going to attract and retain many players by offering the option of using cryptocurrency to play games on their best bitcoin sites, the full rules are not quantified so I can’t offer any comment about the odds. I entered and talked at freelance.com with some developers from China, casino games free slots no downloads it’s hard to deny that playing well and winning can take a good time and make it a grouse one. For purposes of this section, not even necessarily for the money you might earn. Casino games free slots no downloads de har både Speed Roulette og Speed Baccarat, but due to the excitement those wins can create. Top live casino sites 2021 to keep some balance, il vincitore riceverà il Jackpot che. Even though I decided very early on that I didn’t believe in any of it, casino games free slots no downloads in alcuni casi.
Ace Pokies Deposit Bonus Codes – Casinos and bonuses listed on Pokies Casinos using Bally Games.Description
This Duraflame Infragen 3D Flame Effect Quartz Electric Heater combines a beautiful design with efficient warmth for your home. Infragen combines the wide-reaching warmth of infrared quartz heating elements along with the instant, directional heat of halogen technology to warm your space up to 18% faster than traditional heaters. As a source of supplemental zone heating, this heater provides your home with up to 1,000 sq. ft. of heat so that you save energy and money on electric bills.
While the Infragen heat keeps you cozy, a black metal body with side viewing windows and black silk screen mullions adds style and blends seamlessly with existing decor. An operable door opens up to reveal the heater’s control, where changing the temperature and flame settings is easy. The patent pending 3D Flame Effect technology creates flames that dance on and behind the logs for the most realistic fire experience. A remote control is also included for added convenience. This heater is also equipped with an automatic shut off timer, and a digital thermostat to make getting the temperature you want as easy as possible.
Product Features:
- Combines the wide-reaching heat of infrared quartz technology with the instant, directional heat of halogen technology, for effective heat that you feel faster
- 5,200 BTU heater provides supplemental zone heating for up to 1,000 sq. ft. to help you save money
- Patent pending 3D Flame Effect technology creates flames that dance on and behind the logs for the most realistic fire experience with five adjustable brightness settings
- Flame effect can be operated with or without heat, providing the ambiance of a gentle rolling fire all year long
- Black metal body with operable door, side viewing windows and black silkscreen mullions
- Adjustable, digital thermostat allows you to regulate the temperature of the room
- Electronic timer function can automatically shut off the heater after 30 minutes and up to 9 hours
- No assembly required, ready to heat out of the box
- Includes electric heater and remote control
(Model DFI-7614-01)
Product Condition
New
A brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item in its original packaging (where packaging is applicable).
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.The two have seemingly mended fences after a dugout confrontation during Sunday's 10-8 loss to the Toronto Blue Jays in Dunedin, Florida.Atlanta Braves Face Coverings
But after losing Michael Conforto, Jeff McNeil, and Kevin Pillar over the last few days -- and with Brandon Nimmo and J.D. Davis already out -- the Mets are going to have to be aggressive when it comes to adding external pieces to their roster to help them weather the storm.
sportscovershop.com
MLB Face Coverings For Men
As the Detroit Tigers continue to trudge through their rebuild, the focus of the 2021 season is as much on Toledo, Erie, Comstock Park and Lakeland as it is at Comerica Park.
Opinion: For better or worse, White Sox manager Tony La Russa stays true in spat over Yermin Mercedes HR
Just when things were starting to look up for the Yankees in the W-L column a new wave of injuries has thrown the club out of whack.Boston Red Sox Face Coverings
Bauer already has issues with MLB due to the league saying he can’t wear his own merchandise during press conferences. The ace decided he would listen to the rules, but make it a point to say they were silly in the best way he knows how.Tampa Bay Rays Face Coverings
SPORTSMAP ROUNDTABLE
Another baseball insider is blowing the whistle on the cheating Dodgers
Former Astros player Evan Gattis spoke on the Stros Around the Globe podcast this week about the 2017 sign-stealing scandal. ESPN Houston's John Granato and AJ Hoffman discuss Gattis' bombshell comments in which he reveals the Dodgers, along with other teams in MLB, were also using electronics to steal signs.
If you enjoy the content, be sure to hit like and subscribe here!William Penn… saw her lay the straw about her for a speedy burning
October 23, 1685 – Elizabeth Gaunt was executed at Tyburn, near London. She was associated in English history with what was called the Rye-house Plot. Many were executed for participating in a non-existent “plot” to assassinate King Charles II. However, there was never any evidence presented against them in court. Elizabeth Gaunt, a godly Baptist woman who lived in London, spent a great part of her life doing acts of charity, visiting jails, and looking after the poor, etc. But her compassion became her undoing. An accused rebel was looking for refuge from his pursuers. Elizabeth thinking that he was escaping from religious persecution took him in while she looked for a way to get him out of the kingdom. In order to save his own life, he turned Elizabeth in to the authorities, because though it’s hard to believe, the king would rather prosecute dissenters than traitors. Elizabeth was tried and condemned for harboring a criminal. Even though she thought she was harboring a nonconformist and in the eye of the law innocent the judge refused to allow her witnesses to testify and instructed the jury to find her guilty. Elizabeth was condemned and burned, as the law directed in the case of women guilty of treason. She died with a steadfastness and cheerfulness that amazed all who saw it. William Penn, the Quaker, saw her lay the straw about her for a speedy burning, and saw the spectators moved with tears. She left a short note, in part it said: “Neither do I find in my heart the least regret at anything I have done in the service of my Lord and Master…”
Dr. Greg J. Dixon from: This Day in Baptist History Vol. I: Cummins/Thompson, pp. 439-41.
The post 296 – Oct 23 – This Day in Baptist History Past appeared first on The Trumpet Online.Easy Homemade Concord Grape Jelly
By Foodiewife
I've always wanted to make homemade grape jelly, but was a little put off by having to crush the fruit and using a "jelly bag" waiting for all the juice to drip, before cooking it into a jelly. I found 100% pure grape juice, and experimented to see if this would work as well. It did! I did use my Ball Automatic Jam & Jelly Maker, but you can use a regular pot as well. From start to finish, I had four half-pint jars of Organic Concord Grape Jelly in 45 minutes! For a pictorial how I made this, by clicking on the recipe source link to my food blog "A Feast for the Eyes". I also share tips on water canning, too, and have written the recipe directions for those who do not own an Automatic Jam/Jelly Maker.
Ingredients
- 3 cups store bought, unsweetened Concord Grape juice (I found it at Trader Joe's. Do NOT use grape juice concentrate)
- 4 tablespoons Ball® RealFruit® Classic Pectin
- 1/2 teaspoon butter or margarine
- 3 1/3 cups granulated sugar
Details
Servings 2
Preparation time 25mins
Cooking time 45mins
Adapted from afeastfortheeyes.net
Preparation
Step 1
It is really important to read the label on your fruit juice. Make sure it says 100% juice. Don't use juice from concentrate or any with added ingredients, like high fructose corn syrup.
Measure 3 cups grape juice in a 4-cup or larger liquid measuring cup.
Gradually whisk pectin into juice until fully incorporated. (Pectin will not be completely dissolved at this time.)
Pour juice mixture into the clean Pot fitted with the Stirrer.
Cook the grape juice pectin mixture until comes to a boil..
FOR THE CONVENTIONAL/STOVETOP WAY: Add the sugar and let it come to a hard boil for one minute. You can test the mixture by freezing a spoon, and dipping it into the mixture. If it thickens up, it's ready. If not, bring it to a boil for another minute.
PRESERVE jelly immediately. I use the water canning method, so I can enjoy this all year-long.
You'll also love
WW Baked Crab Rangoon 4.5/5 (20 Votes)
Maple Coconut Macaroons with... 4.6/5 (15 Votes)
Vanilla Oatmeal No Bake Cookies 4/5 (97 Votes)
cabbage soup vitamix 4.6/5 (15 Votes)
Orange Cranberry Muffins 4.6/5 (15 Votes)
Blue Cheese Grapes with Spicy,... 4.5/5 (21 Votes)
Frosted Grapes 4.6/5 (18 Votes)
Homemade Barbecue Sauce 4.6/5 (13 Votes)
Review this recipeThe Ceiling Fans Market was valued at US$ 10,189.33 million in 2019 and is projected to reach US$ 16,172.19 million by 2027; it is expected to grow at a CAGR of 6.0% from 2020 to 2027. The report highlights key factors driving the market growth and prominent players along with their developments in the market. Million
Ceiling fans facilitate air circulation and create a cooling effect by accelerating sweat evaporation and heat exchange through convection. Ceiling fans use considerably less power than air conditioning, and hence they are popular among middle-class populations. In addition to the cost benefits, they feature longer life span than air conditioners. Growing urbanization in emerging economies is promoting the establishment of new residential buildings. In addition, the increased spending on premium products of home décor is further propelling the demand for ceiling fans with new innovative features such as interchangeable blades and lighting fans, and smart fans with features such as voice control and connectivity access to tablets and smartphones.
Request Sample Copy of Ceiling Fans Market research report at –
The Key Players profiled in the Ceiling Fans Market research study includes:
- Big Ass Fans
- Kichler Lighting LLC
- Minka Lighting Inc.
- Luminance Brands
- Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited
- Havells India Ltd.
- Hunter Fan Company
- Westinghouse Electric Corporation
- Fantasia Ceiling Fans
- Panasonic Corporation
Since, the key findings in the Ceiling Fans Market research reports highlight crucial progressive industry trends, it allows the companies across the value chain to develop effective long-term strategies. The clients get to understand a clear picture of the competitors and can develop strategies and modify business expansion plans accordingly. The Ceiling Fans report includes the segmentation of the global ceiling fans market as follows:
Ceiling Fans Market, by Product
- Standard
- Decorative
Ceiling Fans Market, by Fan size industry
- Small
- Medium
- Large
Ceiling Fans Market, by End User
- Residential
- Commercial
- Industrial
Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic on Ceiling Fans Market:
As of December 2020, the US, Brazil, India, Russia, Spain, and the UK are among the worst-affected countries in terms confirmed cases and reported deaths caused by COVID-19. The pandemic has been affecting economies and industries in various countries due to lockdowns, travel bans, and business shutdowns. China, is a manufacturing hub and the largest raw material supplier for various industries, is also one of the countries that experienced early effects of this pandemic. The lockdown of various plants and factories in China affected the global supply chains and disrupted manufacturing and delivery schedules, and sales of various materials. Different companies have already made announcements regarding possible delays in product deliveries and slump in future sales of their products. In addition, travel bans imposed by countries in Europe, Asia, and North America are affecting the business collaborations and partnerships. These factors are limiting the growth of several industries, including the consumer electronics industry.Avast Secureline Netflix is mostly a new security device via Avast Software program that is designed to be easy to install. They have two areas which are distant monitoring and firewall protection. It also contains backup file recovery feature.
This is not a 24-hour monitoring system but it can send real time alerts. It can also set up a computer’s desktop icon that may notify you if this senses a thing is wrong. It is able to secure your personal computer and wi-fi devices from outside and block illegal access to them.
With Netflix this is possible because it comes with its own committed server. Excellent built in firewall to protect your body. It can then simply control your pc’s resources. That also can kill unneeded processes as well as monitor the world wide web activities of the PC.
Avast Secureline Netflix is easy to use. It is entirely easy to install this means you do not have to stress about installing that yourself. It usually is controlled by a remote personal pc user without difficulty. The Avast software is user friendly and if you have no pc knowledge will probably be very easy so you might operate.
It is actually great for modern computer users. It will be possible to screen all of your members of your family at home and see who has recently been online. It can be governed remotely therefore it is easy to monitor all your family participants, from everywhere you choose.
The remote monitoring feature can easily block attack attacks to your computers or wireless home security alarm. You can be notified instantly when someone is trying to crack into your system and will also mass unwanted websites from showing up. This is the easiest way to block excess tourists on your network via entering the network.
Avast Secureline Netflix is very inexpensive and is easy to install. It is also incredibly easy to perform. It will be easy to get the monitoring services for less than $50.
Avast Secureline Netflix is a wonderful part of software. It is very efficient and will keep the home safe and secure at an affordable price. The installer will certainly walk you through the set up process precise.Recently I had to change the DNS server for couple of vCenters that were using a temporary DNS server. All these are vCenter 6.7 and you cannot change the DNS server from the html client, like it was possible to do in 6.5 from the vsphere-client.
In order to change the DNS you will need to login to VAMI and login using the root user and password that you set when you installed vCSA.
Once you are logged go to Networking and you have the option to edit the settings as you can see in the bellow screenshot
Next you will select the adapter on which you want to make changes, in my case I have only one, and on the next screen you will have to expand Hostname and DNS and from there you can change the DNS server IP (from the same screen you can change the vCSA FQDN, about that in a different blogpost)
After that you will be asked for the SSO credentials administrator@vsphere.local (or what is your SSO domain)
And in the end you will be informed about the steps that you need to take after the change is done and you are also asked to have a vCenter backup
Once your settings are successfully applied don’t forget to check the followings if that’s the case:
- All deployed plug-ins will need to be re-registered.
- All custom certificates will need to be regenerated.
- vCenter HA will need to be reconfigured.
- Hybrid Link with Cloud vCenter server has to be recreated.
- Active Directory will need to be rejoined.
8 Comments
Where any of the 5 post steps necessary just because of changing one dns sever entry? ip, default gateway, 2nd dns and subnet stays the same.
Thanks for your feedback
No, you can change only the DNS server IP without changing anything else, if that was your question.
thanks. But I know that I can change just the DNS Server IP. My question was if the 5 post steps are needed, when only the the DNS Server IP.
sorry. typo.
thanks. But I know that I can change just the DNS Server IP. My question was if the 5 post steps are needed, when only the DNS Server IP is being changed. thanks a lot
Yes, you have to go through them in order to change the DNS Server IP.
Really, so all that is necessary after just an dDNS IP change? Thanks
All deployed plug-ins will need to be re-registered.
All custom certificates will need to be regenerated.
vCenter HA will need to be reconfigured.
Hybrid Link with Cloud vCenter server has to be recreated.
Active Directory will need to be rejoined.
I don’t have any of those configured in my environment.
ok, thanksPrice: [price_with_discount]
(as of [price_update_date] – Details)
.
This new coloring book is published by education experts, coloring book specialists and bestselling creators of The Mindfulness Coloring Book for Children who have published over 20 coloring and activity books for kids.
All designs are printed on a single side, with a special black page behind, to assist with removal for framing or display and minimize bleed through.
If you are looking for a seriously fun and totally cool coloring book, packed with amazing animals for a kid who loves to color, then Kids Coloring Books Animal Coloring Book is the book for you!
[ad_2]A genuine estate license can present the trailblazer or even an industry agent as soon as good benefits. Others say yes that it is difficult to get one.
Learn why software licensing is just fine situation wisdom and is important to protecting your business. Don’t let cheap pirates put your matter at risk for a fast buck.
The joined States of America is a country filled subsequent to unquestionable opportunities in the genuine land industry. Are you pleasurable to start your career in this lucrative arena?
With more and more companies and organisations depending upon software that are produced for the bump market, there is essentially a habit for the licensing of the software you are using. Software meant for the usage of organisations and big companies obsession to be licensed according to determined rules and conditions of use. There is per user or per machine licensing. However, the nice of license you will have to buy can as well as ultimately depend on what you are going to attain like the software.
Any individual or doling out may be licensed as a private investigator. In the united States, forty-two states and the District of Columbia have licensing requirements for private investigators. The purpose of licensing basically is to bend the industry and to keep the pure out of the profession.
A private pilot’s license allows a pilot to hover a single-engine airplane using visual Flight rules (VFR) that require a visibility of at least three miles, even at night. Private pilots can portion dynamic expenses afterward passengers but cannot be paid For above ground them.
Locating a person similar to a license dish search isn’t difficult maryland wholesale license requirements. Finding a company that can give you considering the detailed information you’re looking for is.
Trademark infringement doesn’t always have to be confrontational. Sometimes the best another for both parties is a trademark licensing agreement.
Arizona Mortgage Licensing is one of the most corrupt type of mortgage licensing schemes in the joined States maryland wholesale dealer license requirements. They require a liable Individual that must be a resident of Arizona to raid as your liable individual. previously there are not many people that have this type of license, it usually costs more or less $1,000 to $1,500 per month to employ someone to be your responsible Individual. If you have the grant to spend, this is a great declare to originate in.
When consumed in moderation, alcohol goes with ease bearing in mind any kind of cuisine and many people can’t imagine having a casual or good find if you pull off pronounce to minister to alcohol. We next come up with the money for an acuteness into the license application process.
In the joined States of America, if it is your want to acquire employed in a health care facility, you must earn a CNA License (or Certification) that offers you entry to action in a Health Care Setting how to get a wholesale license in maryland. The federal OBRA-87 along with mandates that a candidate aiming to get employed in a hospital, nursing house and long term care unit must be sufficiently trained through the official nurse aide training program.
There are probably more than 5 reasons why all organisation should have an audit taking into consideration it comes to software use and licensing, but here are the main 5: 1. It may be that your unchangeable is paying for licenses that you no longer require.
In China, some major cities are restricting new car purchases consequently that they can clip beside upon traffic and pollution. According to reports, without help a distinct number of licenses to buy cars will be granted. The cities have been experiment afterward various models for granting these licenses that feature either an auction of lottery method.
The often misunderstood and misinterpreted laws amendable the clash of EU driving licenses for foreign residents in Spain is finally explained in detail who needs a trader’s license in maryland. locate out exactly who is obligated to row their license and why.
Planning a wedding is an exciting time, and there are therefore many fun things to think about. amongst shopping for the gown and wedding jewelry, choosing your bouquet, and learning moves for your first dance, a marriage license may be the last business on your mind. However, without the license there can be no marriage, hence put it on the summit of your bustle list!
Looking for a categorically lucrative event opportunity? genuine home brokering is the summit unconventional for a lot of people how to get a vendor’s license in maryland. real home Brokers and genuine home agents are in force throughout the nation.
Getting someone’s driver’s license is not an simple business because such personal guidance is protected to a good agreement by privacy laws, as it should be. The last matter you habit is a stalker or prankster to be skilled to get your personal information subsequently tiny effort, a few bucks and no legal explanation to have it. Indeed, the DPPA (Driver’s Privacy sponsorship Act) is a federal be in passed in the 1990s and updated in 2000 specifically designed to guard drivers’ personal assistance from searches and helpfully restricts the reasons why anyone can have permission to drivers license records.
I recently attended an internet publicity seminar and was certainly passionate to learn how you can slope a well-liked product into a huge ticket item by totaling a resale license. A resale license is where you are selling the rights to new for them to be accomplished to legally reproduce your product (that is generally an electronic product or a cassette or DVD) and they have your right of entry to sell it and save the profit.
An important strive to create the best decision for the client.
Apply for and getting your Federal Firearms License doesn’t have to be stressful or painful. If you qualify for a license and comprehend the understandably steps to undertake to apply for one, the process can be agreed easy, and you can have your license and be in the gun situation in no time!
This is a guideline of how to become an insurance adjuster in a make a clean breast that doesn’t have licensing requirements. Getting an adjuster license in Texas will right of entry the read for most extra states.
What attain you get the sportsman in your sparkle that already has everything? What accomplish you get your children, grandchildren, nieces or nephews that will last them for the blazing of their life? How can you maintain the outdoors of the let in for posterity to create determined that the woodlands that we cherish today will be almost for generations to come? The respond to all these may be a lifetime sportsman license.
There are thousands of mortgage processors acting upon a understanding basis in the associated States. The secure Mortgage License accomplishment that passed in July 2008 requires concord mortgage processors to be licensed by July 2010. How does the other take effect fake pact mortgage processors? Obtaining mortgage progress originator licenses in combination states can be unconditionally costly. What can a conformity mortgage processor reach to comply and not fracture the bank? trial that yet set off argument.
I have had clients say me that licensing a mortgage company nationwide was one of the most challenging projects that they have ever taken on. correspondingly why is it hence challenging, and what can you realize to create the process easier?
Since you have been charged subsequent to “”driving”” below the concern it should come as no astonishment that your driving privileges will be affected by your DUI. later you were arrested your driver’s license was taken by the superintendent and you should have been supreme a document that states this pink (or yellow, or blue) piece of paper is your license.
With the federal giving out passing the Housing and Economic Recovery suit on July 31, 2008, we can expect to see a lot more laws passed by the states. The Housing and Recovery charge contained the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act.
The process to attain a mortgage license is pretty elongated and complicated. moreover although you’re dealing considering Govt. agencies, chances of obtaining utmost attention is moreover absent.
The first major changes to the Licensing exploit 2003 are due in November 2011. They will be tagged on to the end of the Police and Social Responsibilities savings account due to be arrive perform in November 2011. It is likely these changes will admit effect late 2012.
There has been chat roughly the other Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System (NMLS) for a couple years now, and now it is finally hear. There has been a lot of speculation on how this will behave the mortgage licensing process. as soon as 42 states now agreeing to acknowledge part, 7 states agreeing to use the system starting 1/2/08 and 8 more states agreeing to join by the stop of 2008, what exactly will the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System do?
A mechanical license is an attainment secured from the copyright owner and the songwriter for an indigenous tune to be covered, distributed, and sold. The covering recording player pays royalty allowance to the parties vigorous in making his or her lid for the tune friendly commercially. If you are a recording player or an aspiring one, beast familiar subsequently the steps you need to receive to start is important. Know that if a song is in public domain, meaning, it is no longer protected by copyright, you are not required to get your hands on a mechanical license. The similar applies to indigenous materials that you have written. Here are the steps to obtain a mechanical license.
Becoming a security guard is not gone most occupations because depending upon where you liven up you may need to acquire a license from the let in in order to be legally employed. Getting your security guard license is not a enjoyable process across all states in America, therefore its important to know how and where to buy one.
The license is nothing but a letter of entrance from the states which agrees your marriage proposal. You should be eligible for marriage in the past you begin the wedding ceremony and a marriage license ensures that are you are eligible for that.Gayfeather
(Liatris pycnostachya)
Common names: Prairie Blazing Star, Button Snakeroot, Dense Blazing Star, Gay Feather, Marsh Blazing Star, Snakeroot, Spike Gayfeather
Over Analyzation
Indication: Works when you are caught in a cycle of over analyzation or trying to "figure out" your problems from a mental perspective only. Helps you to release your need to "know" while opening you to receive higher answers.
Raising her head high above the other prairie wildflowers the Gayfeather looks important and sees what others below cannot. Her purple “feathers” representing crown chakra energy as her stature proclaims “I will go straight to the heart of the matter!”
To consider and to take stock is healthy. Weighing what you know, what you have learned and what others are trying to teach you can help you to make wise choices and integrate complicated experiences. Sometimes however you may be allowing your brain to overthink and create unnecessary stress as you try to figure out or to prearrange too many aspects of your life and this can stifle your flow of creative adventure.
Gay feather assists you in getting out of the mind that is constantly trying to “figure out” everything, instead of trusting in Divine guardianship and guidance. Letting your mind believe it needs to always understand and control your life can keep you up at night as all of your problems line themselves up for solution. It can also keep you blind to the real truth as the mind by itself was never meant to be in total control and simply doesn't “see” everything in completeness. Many of life's issues, it turns out, are not math problems to be solved, rather situations that must be lived through in order to feel the feelings and learn the lessons given. Over analyzation of how, why, what and when with a constant rehashing of what was said in past conversations does little to correct and only keeps your mind agitated and your body producing more stress hormones. Needing to see the scientific facts before you believe limits you to only what science has presently discovered and then to which science you are willing to look at and believe.
Gayfeather is taller than all the other wildflowers in this native prairie field where she dominates the landscape in the sweltering heat of early August. Her showy plumes playfully tickle your fancy opening your senses while helping you to let go of past thoughts and events and stay open to new possibilities. Gayfeather essence begs you to let go of the tension of always needing to know. She offers you a faith that expands you far beyond the reaches of what your intellect can come up with. Your brain is limited in its capacity to understand more than it already knows or the information that is available to you, whereas the Spirit is limitless in possibly.
When you shift from mind to heart and learn to trust not what you know but what you feel, you will begin to enjoy the blessings of many, many miracles.
Gayflower is a native prairie wildflower and this essence is from a massive replanted prairie near Albert Lea Minnesota. Here the Sioux, Crows and Blackfeet dominated the Northern Plains and they used this plant as a sourcePLI 2002 is over! Thank you for attending.
Additional information is available on a separate page.
All registration must be done on-site at the hotel starting Thursday, October 3, morning. Please do not fax or email the registration service with late registrations anymore.
The banquet is on Sunday, October 6th at the Grand Concourse Restaurant, One Station Square, Pittsburgh, PA 15219. The event will start at 6:00 with hors d'oeuvres and drinks, with dinner to follow at 6:30pm.
Please visit the separate hotel information page. Note the new section on room sharing.
Pittsburgh is traditionally served by US Airways, though of course most major airlines fly there. US Airways usually has promotional fares to various destinations, often including Pittsburgh.Today its 21 years ago Curtis Mayfield passed away
What road crew is lacking since the lock downs:
Lack of sleep/traveling/the sights the smells/rock ‘n’ roll/supportive security/late night dinner/never curing flu under your skin/cash on hand payments/smelly bunk/the bar waitress/the venue catering/the energy/the forever ‘where your from?’ question/lazy stage-hands/Spinal Tap quotes/almost never lucky in scoring/dealing with macho colleges/hammock under the stage/wining musicians/
Dragging amplifiers/the white line/broken PA systems/making a wrong turn/Anette/smelly vans/forgotten acquaintances/envy among colleges/having a good time/not bothered about world problems/the ‘family-crew’/full whiskey bottle emptied in a few hours/shitty sound-booth location/toilet stop/one hotel shower room for 18 people/holding on to the mixing desk so you don’t collapse/DB limitations/early hotel check-in/bad gas station food/the live music/snow and rain at load out/always in sweaty clothes/promoter trying to rip you/the street gang around the corner/guest-list arguments/before breakfast hotel check out/fucked up navigation/bossy house-manager/annoying journalist/sunny day you could not enjoy/van breakdown/too small venue and stage/snobby unimportant VIP (very impossible person)/crowded backstage with empty fridge/record company dinner/violent security/stressed stage manager/MTV crew getting on your nerve/ the 1 minute before show start audio output request for recordings/crappy in-house lights/a promoter for more than 40 years in the same office afraid missing that one hip band/3 times returning pizza to the waiter because its not the ordered vegan one/hip bands forgotten after one year/club managers lying to themselves/ridiculous band riders/inexperience local sound technicians/talks about other bands/cold hotel rooms/reliable promoters/arrogant local sound technician/day-of that makes you more tired/waiting…waiting…waiting…/coach back lounge/fairly easy available drugs/borders, where they still are/eating, but not hungry/venue’s home-cooking/5 minutes of fame/selfish driver/desperate WhatsApp message send home, keeping up the idea ‘I have someone there’/mistakes in hotel reservations/laundromats/video games/private accommodations/musicians wife visiting/merch arriving the day you left/room sharing/airplane delays/lost luggage/dirty toilets/tracing packages following you for 2 weeks/dripping hotel shower/… + so much more…….
The double door/Paradiso/SSE Wembley Arena/Effenaar/La Loco/Knitting Factory/K4/The Grant/American Music Hall/Troubadour/RAI/Garage/Zap Club/Pfefferberg/ABC/Escape/Astoria/The End/Nice n Sleazy/The Forum/Kino Ebensee/Forum/…… and many many more…..
General observation of the corona situation: FEAR WINS FROM FREEDOM
Whayugot? 2015
Watson Kendall: Beats, production
Adam Sherburne: Vox and guitars
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) and Answers about your Training
About the time and duration of your training
Q1) What is the minimum number of training days to be completed?
A1) The minimum number of practical training days to be completed is 60 working days as a requirement for your Boğaziçi-EE BSc. degree.
Q2) How many days of training may be completed in a company?
A2) The minimum number of training days at one organization is 15 working days. The total of 60 days may not be completed at a single organization. A student must work at two ore more different companies.
Q3) What are the periods allowed for training?
A3) Basically, you can work as a trainee in the summer and winter breaks. The students cannot make a request to work in fall and spring semesters or in corresponding final examination periods. You can work as a trainee on weekdays and Saturdays, but not on Sundays. You cannot work on religious and national holidays.
Q4) Can I work as a trainee in the Summer School period?
A4) Students taking only one course at the Summer School can work no more than 4 weekdays per week + Saturdays during that period. Students taking two courses at the Summer School can work no more than 3 weekdays per week + Saturdays. Students taking more than two courses in the Summer school can not work for training during that period.
About your training site/company
Q1) Where can I do my training?
A1) The organizations employing at least one electrical engineer, manufacturing or designing electrical or electronic equipments or manufacturing other goods but having Electrical/Electronics Workshops or Labs, are acceptable for training. In addition, the software companies dealing with electronics, communication or control business are also acceptable. The subject of your training must be normally about electronics, communication or control.
Q2) Which organizations are not acceptable for training?
A2) "The main objective of the practical training is to provide the students with practical, technological, as well as managerial experience trough personal contact in engineering and industrial organizations". Therefore training at universities or at the scientific research labs are not acceptable. (Some exceptions are well known scientific institutions in the world).
The training at small repair workshops (even if it employs an electrical engineer) is not acceptable.
The software companies dealing only with commercial and economic business are not acceptable.
Q3) How can I find a suitable organization for training?
A3) Students can find a list of possible organizations in the department’s training billboard. Students are encouraged to find the training companies themselves.
What to do and consider during your training:
Q1) How do I fill in my training booklet?
A1) First of all, you have to realize that you are writing a DIARY, not a summary of a book or manual. Therefore, in the diary, you have to explain “WHAT YOU HAVE DONE” in a maximum of three sentences per day. Do not write one diary page per day. Make sure you include an account of several working days per page of the diary.
Note that you should give a detailed description of your work in your “GENERAL REPORT”. In other words, any description of theoretical and practical aspects of the work done should be in the “GENERAL REPORT” part of the training booklet. You may cite sections for your general report in your diary.
The diary part of your booklet should be written during your training. You may choose to write the general report later.
Do NOT summarize a manual or a book/data sheet /specification sheet neither in the diary part nor in the general report part of your training booklet.
Evaluation of the training in the “GENERAL REPORT” part is another common mistake. You have to write such an evaluation in the “TRAINING EVALUATION FORM”. For other details you may refer to In-Service-Training By-Laws.
Q2) How long should be my GENERAL REPORT?
A2) The GENERAL REPORT should have approximately a minimum of one handwritten page for every 3 training days completed. Or, if you write your GENERAL REPORT in Microsoft Word format, there should be a minimum of 500 words for every 3 training days. Therefore
--If you completed 15 training days, your GENERAL REPORT must be a minimum of 5 handwritten pages or a minimum of 2500 words.
--If you completed 20 or more training days, your GENERAL REPORT must be a minimum of 7 handwritten pages or a minimum of 3500 words.
IMPORTANT NOTE: If you write your GENERAL REPORT in electronic format, you must submit not only the printed version of your booklet but ALSO the electronic form (computer file) of your general report in Microsoft Word Format BEFORE you submit your training documents. The general report file must be sent to the email address announced.
Q3) What about the stamps (kaşe) and the approval signatures over the training documents?
A3) The training certificate (staj sicil formu) and the training completion form must be signed and stamped. The first page and the weekly programs must also be signed and stamped. The other pages (diary) and working documentation (print-out, etc.) will not be signed and stamped. All stamps MUST be the company’s or institution’s stamp.
Q4) Can I hand in the training certificate personally together with other documents?
A4) Yes. But, it must be in a closed envelope and the envelope must be sealed at the training site.
What you should do after your training:
Q1) When is the deadline to hand the training documents in?
A1) The deadline to hand the training reports in is one calendar month after the beginning day of the following semester.
Q2) What happens if I cannot hand in until the deadline?
A2) The penalty is one day reduction from the training period for each day late. Definitely no excuses will be accepted!
Q3) Where do I have to hand my documents in?
A3) The documments are collected by Figen Hüner.
Important Note about Submission: There is a LIST that you have to sign while submitting your documents. IF YOU DO NOT SIGN THIS LIST THEN YOUR TRAINING WILL NOT BE EVALUATED. Therefore:
-- Do NOT submit your documents to someone else.
-- Do NOT submit your documents without signing the list.
-- Submit your documents personally. That is, do NOT slide them under the door
Q4) What are the documents to hand in?
A4) You have to hand in:
-- The training booklet (staj defteri),
-- The training completion form (staj tamamlama formu), which must then be submitted to the university’s accounting office.
-- The training certificate (staj sicil formu). This certificate must be signed and stamped. It can be sent by the employer to the department, by post or may be handed to you in a sealed envelope.
-- The documentation about the work done (print-out of the programs, manuals that you have written, etc.)
Q5) Can I hand in the training certificate personally together with other documents?
A5) Yes. But, it must be in a closed envelope and the envelope must be sealed at the training site.
Contact person for further information:
Q) Who is the person to ask further questions?
A) You can ask academic or adminstrative questions about training to your training advisor. Administrative questions can also be asked to Figen Hüner.Product Features
- Ideas dog lover T shirt,gift christmas fot who lover dog,T shirt Dog for daddy,papa,mama,mommy,daughter,son,grandpa,grandma,uncle,aunt,auntie,Tshirt for who lover Dog patching family,Dog Funny Party Holidays,Dog Christmas Funny
- Funny Christmas shirt, Cute christmas, New Christmas, Awesome Christmas shirt, Christmas funny shirt for Men and Women, Shirt for Christmas lover, Perfect gift shirt, Funny Santa Shirt, Cute Santa Shirt, Funny Reindeer Shirt, Cute Reindeer Shirt
- Lightweight, Classic fit, Double-needle sleeve and bottom hem
Permalink to ‘This Is My Christmas Pajama Gift For border collie Lover T-Shirt’Job Information
Sysco Transportation Supervisor in Denver, Colorado
Company:
US1119 FreshPoint Denver, Inc.
Zip Code:
80216
Minimum Level of Education:
High School or Equivalent
Minimum Years of Experience:
2 Years
Employment Type:
Full Time
Travel Percentage:
Up to 25%
Pay:
$62,600.00 - $93,900.00
You may be eligible to participate in the Company's Incentive Plan.
JOB SUMMARYThis position provides support to the transportation manager/director in supervising the activities related to delivery and backhauls. This includes, training and supervising transportation department associates, compliance with government regulations and promoting safety and security of the transportation department.
Oversees labor hours and consumable supplies within budget.
Prepares work schedules including extra work days and shifts as needed.
Assists with the training of new associates, including cross-training of existing associates.
Direct, along with submitting and responding).
Knowledge of Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations, DOT rules and regulations; preferred work methods and standard operating procedures (SOP); spreadsheet software and word processing software.
Skilled in making independent decisions in support of company policies and procedures on time..
Learn SYGMA technology software and programs.
Read, comprehend, write and speak English.
Able to add, subtract, multiply, and divide into all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals.
Can read, analyze and interpret, technical procedures, or governmental regulations.
Write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals.
Effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public.
Physical DemandThe physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform theessential functions of this job.
Regularly required to sit, talk and hear.
Frequently required to stand; walk; bend; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms and climb or balance.The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those associate encounters while performing theessential functions of the job.
Occasionally exposed to wet, hot, extreme cold and/or humid conditions, moving mechanical parts and may be required to work in confined spaces.
Works non-traditional business hours including evenings, nights, weekends, holidays and on-call.
May occasionally be required to travel to other distribution centers or the corporate office as business needs dictate (e.g. training, meetings).
Periodically exposed to high, precarious places,.Premium Thick-Wrap Canvas Wall Art entitled Los Angeles County Museum of Art... View more great items. The item “Premium Thick-Wrap Canvas Wall Art entitled Los Angeles County Museum of Art” is in sale since Wednesday, December 16, 2015. This item is in the category “Home & Garden\Home Décor\Posters & Prints”. The seller is “greatbigcanvas” and is located in Raleigh, North: greatBIGcanvas
- Model: Artist Not Available
- MPN: N/A
- Style: Modernism
- Country/Region of Manufacture: United States
- Original/Reproduction: Reproduction
- Date of Creation: 2000-Now
Altec Lansing ADA305by Ga'ash Soffer on October 4, 1998 2:39 PM EST
- Posted in
- Smartphones
- Mobile
Problem 1: "Subwoofer isn't making any sound"
The first thing I did after I installed the ADA 305 speakers is load up Unreal (In my opinion, Unreal has the best sound track of any game out (well, most fitting to say the least) To my dismay I did not hear any of the bass I had been accustomed to, and the intro sound sounded as if an orchestra without Violas, Cellos, or Basses, or bass drums was playing. At first I thought that I needed to install the management software first; however, it said in the installation manual that "If a USB port is not supplied...although you can still use the ADA305 speaker system to hear exceptional quality sound" After thinking this over for a little while, I guessed that the default volume setting for the subwoofer must have been very low. I turned out to be correct; however, I only found that out after a long struggle with USB.
Solution 1: "Install Altec Lansing Audio Management Software"
Problem 2: "You don't have USB"
Whether or not Windows 95 OSR 2.1 USB support is sub par or whether or not it's a problem with Altec Lansing's' speakers, it shouldn't be a problem. Unfortunately, it is. The Altec Lansing ADA 305 software told me that I don't have USB. The good news is, the Altec Lansing CD has the USB drivers and the install software told me that it had installed USB support and would have to reboot my computer. I clicked 'OK' and waited for my computer to boot. Upon entering Windows 95 (My test machine now has Windows 98), The Altec Lansing software was running. I got the exact same message I got before: "This computer is not USB enabled..." This time when it asked me if I wanted to reboot, I clicked 'No' and went into my Device Manager and deleted my all the USB related stuff in there. Then I rebooted. Upon boot up this time, Windows detected my USB ports and installed the appropriate software. Then I proceeded to Install the Altec Lansing Audio Management Software, and, IT WORKED! Was it worth it? Find out in the Next Page...
Solution 2: "Delete and re-install USB drivers to use Audio Management Software (for Windows 95)"
Post Your CommentPlease log in or sign up to comment.
4.....">burlingtonconcretecontractors.comAlthough they sound great I was dissappointed with the lack of 3D sound.. <a href="... Although they sound great I was dissappointed with the lack of 3D sound. ReplyDonations
- Boat repairs for Philippine Fishing Family
- Burpees For Vets Join The Challenge!
- Campaign for Liberty
- Christ Our Hope Prison Bible Ministry
- Christopher Mann Biodynamic Scholarship Fund
- GeoEngineering Watch
- Institute for Responsible Technology
- Laura Pressley Election Contest and Lawsuit
- Michael Fields Institute
- Nafeez Ahmed Insurge Intelligence
- NAGR – National Association for Gun Rights
- National Health Federation (NHF)
- Richie Allen Show
- Save Our Farm- Ann Watson
- Sheriff Richard Mack
- TN Firearms Association
- The National Health Federation: Health Freedom News
- The Saker – Bird’s Eye View of the Vineyard
- We Need Heat in Our Public Schools
- Wikimedia
- World Mercury Project
- Various Individuals
Shout Outs
Be the first to commentFriday, October 31, 2014 5:08 pm
The ousted president of Burkina Faso has left the capital Ouagadougou and fled towards the south of the country, a French diplomatic source said on Friday.
President Blaise Compaore has “left for the south. He’s still in the country,” said the diplomatic source, who did not wish to be named.
The source said he was heading for the town of Po, near the border with Ghana although it was not clear whether the former president intended to remain in the country.
Paris said that Compaore should have little difficulty in travelling across borders as he was not subject to an international travel ban.
Compaore has not asked for refuge in France and such a trip is not being discussed, the source added.
His resignation came as tens of thousands of protesters demanded that he quit immediately after a day of unrest that saw mass demonstrations, with protesters storming and setting fire to parliament.
Observers have drawn a parallel between the protests and the Arab Spring, while the situation is being closely watched across Africa, where at least four heads-of-state are pushing constitutional change to cling to power.
“In order to preserve the democratic gains, as well as social peace… I declare a power vacuum to allow the establishment of a transition leading to free and fair elections within a maximum of 90 days,” Compaore said in a statement read on local television.
Army chief Navere Honore Traore said he would take power “in line with constitutional measures”, a move which will prove hugely unpopular with the protesters, who see him as a close ally of Campaore.
“We do not want General Traore in power. We need someone credible. Traore is Blaise Compaore’s henchman,” said Monou Tapsoaba, an activist with the opposition People’s Movement for Progress.
The protests on Thursday forced Compaore to withdraw plans to try to change the constitution to extend his rule, although he had then vowed to stay in power for another year under a transitional government.
– ‘Black Spring’ –
The protests started as lawmakers prepared to vote on legislation that would allow.
What do you think?At Emirates Taxi,.
Emirates Taxi is wholly owned by Emirates National Group, the dynamic group of transportation-led service companies.
With almost 100% trust raiting from our happy passengers and drivers.
One of the main aspect of our business.
Driving within at the speed limit.
Our passengers are our main priority.The verifiable certificates for Tensoku Ryu Instructors
- Issues verifiable ranking certificates for Tensoku Ryu Practitioners
- Defines, updates, and promulgates the Tensoku Ryu Curriculum and Curriculum Cards
- Writes and updates as required the Tensoku Ryu Student Manuals
- Writes and updates as required the Tensoku Ryu Instructor Manual
- Writes and updates various additional Tensoku Ryu books
- Provides training videos and other media materials to support training goals and meet instructional needs.
- Defines Tensoku Ryu uniforms, etiquette, and norms of behavior
- Maintains relevant website and social media presence
- Defines consistent and uniform testing standards, practices, and procedures.
- Helps bring new and existing practitioners into the art
- Helps bring new and existing Dojo into the art
- Maintains organization finances
- Establishes, aids, or helps coordinate various events including ranking examinations (usually limited to senior practitioners), seminars, tournaments, and demonstrations.
Each Tensoku Ryu Dojo is separately approved by the Sei Tensoku Ryu and issued a unique certificate. Every instructor is likewise certified as a qualified Tensoku Ryu instructor. You can always verify that you are dealing with a qualified Tensoku Ryu Dojo, instructor, or certified practitioner by contacting the Sei Tensoku Ryu. We maintain meticulous records of all certifications that we issue and can readily verify any certificate.
Tensoku Ryu Dojo adhere to the training guidance and curriculum materials provided by the Sei Tensoku Ryu. This is done to ensure all Tensoku Ryu Dojo provide essentially the same level of training and skills development so that two people of comparable rank from different Dojo have the same essential skills and abilities. Dojo also closely adhere to the requirements and guidance established in the book Establishing and Operating a Tensoku Ryu Dojo. This book is full of useful information for any Dojo operator, not simply those who wish to become a Tensoku Ryu Dojo.
Instructors go through rigorous training to achieve this position. The Tensoku Ryu Instructor’s Manual provides extensive training on teaching skills, best practices, responsibilities, testing procedures, and everything an instructor must know to be an effective leader and teacher. Like the book on running a Dojo, the instructor’s manual offers key insights and skills that are valuable to all martial arts instructors.
Much of the information about and from the Sei Tensoku Ryu is available online.Since this doesn’t seem to be going away, here’s important additional evidence. I may have posted the link in another article, but it deserves its own entry.
Once-secret memos cast doubt on Joe Biden’s Ukraine story
PS
Important DEBUNKING today. Nancy Pelosi’s son is accused of being corrupt, being attached to a Ukrainian company. This is promoted by the rabid, reactionary right: Infowars, Breitbart, et al.
The Pelosi son connection occurred in March 2013 almost a year BEFORE the illegal coup of January 2014. It is thus irrelevant to the coup and means nothing.
Your CommentChief Judge DiFiore: Every Reason to Feel Positive and Optimistic About the Future
Good afternoon Members, In her weekly address, Chief Judge Janet DiFiore said that we have every reason to feel positive and optimistic about the future. “There are so many people who never stop doing their level best to see that justice is done, and I see that every day within our court family and in … ContinuedWe will begin testing our Live Streaming system starting this Sunday, June 19, 2016 for our morning worship service which starts at 11 am CST. Please bare with us as we test the system out, so there may be issues that arise but we will do our very best to make sure its a pleasant experience for all!
Also, we will be having our own ROKU channel in the near future as well so check back often for news of when that will be available.
All sermons should appear no later than 48 hours after recording on our YouTube channel as well so always check there or click the link above on the main menu called “Service Archive” for the entire playlist of past sermons from our YouTube channel.
God is moving and blessing us and our church so continue to pray for His will to be done in our lives and our church as we out reach His word across the globe!
Gob Bless and have a wonderful day!Devitz honored with Certificate of Appreciation at Neubacher Awards
Amy-Charlotte Devitz was honored by the U-M Council for Disability Concerns with a Certificate of Appreciation at the 2019 James T. Neubacher Awards Ceremony, Oct. 25, 2019.
“Frontier's student Charlotte Devitz is being recognized for her highly effective advocacy regarding scientists with disabilities, including her Bendy Biologist blog and national media interviews,” said EEB Professor and Chair Diarmaid Ó Foighil. “Please join me in congratulating Charlotte (and Fish)!” Fish is Devitz’s service dog, a labradoodle.
“I think the most rewarding part of this nomination was that it helped me recognize that the work I have done and posts I have written are resonating not just with other disabled individuals, but with people who aren't disabled as well,” said Devitz. “A crucial component of improving accessibility generally and within science is that it is going to require recognition, support and effort from everyone, and so this nomination made it easier to see that I am reaching a broad audience.”
Individuals with disabilities belong to a marginalized group that any person can become a part of at any time in their life, and universal accessibility benefits everyone, disabled or not, she continued.
“Improving accessibility should not be viewed as a want but rather a need, and this is why I advocate for it so passionately. I have plans for both the short and long term in reaching this goal, with projects focused on connecting and enabling success for disabled scientists.”
The Frontiers Master’s Program in the Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology at the University of Michigan is designed to attract a diverse group of students, who might not have otherwise considered the field, and to prepare them for the department's doctoral program.
“In spite of her early career stage – Amy-Charlotte Devitz has taken a proactive and courageous stance on disability-related issues,” EEB Professor Dan Rabosky wrote in his nomination. He elaborated about her blog, where she’s written on the following topics:
- Why accessibility for all should be the standard
- Access anxiety: the gripping anxiety that many folks with disabilities feel when confronted with even routine and unremarkable social situations
“This blog post in particular really resonated with me and until reading it, I was unaware of this phrase. But it captures perfectly the feelings that many of us in in the community face on a daily basis when dealing with what for non-disabled folks is purely routine and mundane,” Rabosky wrote.
- Accessibility in classrooms and how faculty and others can work to ensure that students know that they are committed to providing a maximally-accessible learning experience
- A review of conference accessibility issues, based on her personal experiences as a young graduate student facing mobility and other challenges at conferences
“Clearly, accessibility issues (and mitigation) at conferences can have an enormous impact on whether academic culture is truly open or closed to those with disabilities,” Rabosky wrote. “I can say that Charlotte's blogging on this topic helped catalyze some discussion in other scientific societies, particularly how the societies can make their conference venues more accessible and inclusive.”
- Personal experiences with two serious life-impacting conditions.
“What has struck me most about Charlotte's writing on this topic is her extremely positive outlook and the matter-of-fact description of important topics that most folks know next to nothing about.”
Read more in this Frontiers student profile: Devitz’s early research and advocacy at the U-M Biological Station
PBS News Hour: This young scientist studies wild animals. Bias against disability won’t stop her
Matthaei Botanical Gardens feature: Grad Student Study Aims to Understand What Helps Squirrels Succeed and Co-exist with People
Compiled by Gail KuhnleinMen and women are typically a bit extra blunt and trustworthy on online dating websites since they aren’t face to face with the person on the receiving end of the message, so you’ll probably run into a lot of people blatantly stating they need a one evening stand. Now, let’s talk about a few of the funniest inquiries to ask a man. So, let’s get began on the inquiries to ask a boy to continue your conversations for a long time with out additional ado. When we see you’ve an excellent profile, we get extra psyched that you wrote us that great message. Result in a deeper relationship. It is a informal question, and one which might result in animated conversation on the primary date – however whilst this seemingly innocuous question could make for good small talk, it additionally often helps you uncover your date’s deeper values. Our deep conversation topics offer you a springboard for building relationships which have that one thing additional we all crave. If you’d somewhat bathe within the warm sunshine on a tropical seaside whereas they like to go on a skiing vacation, you may not be the most appropriate with one another.16.
Finding out the direction by which your date plans on taking their life supplies you with essential clues about how’d you’d mesh as life partners. Utilizing examples out of your life is one of the best ways to do that. Unknown viruses dating again 15,000 years have been present in ice samples taken from a glacier in the Tibetan plateau — and they’re in contrast to anything scientists have ever seen before. Wearing her long blonde locks down in bouncy curls and rocking a flawless make-up look, Paige was seen cuddling as much as her reality star beau as they posed for footage on their arrival. Here’s how it really works, in line with a check run by ABC News: It generates a novel link to ship to buddies, which supplies them access to your online dating profile to edit and star different customers. OKCupid has a time-tested algorithms that seeks to pair customers with others with comparable personalities and interests.
The books they’re reading inform us about their spiritual and ethical pursuits and, in fact, about whether bible study is something that continues to be vital to them. Enquiring into someone’s charitable practices can make it easier to understand if their moral and religious values are in line with your individual. Finding a partner with the appropriate moral values takes work. Asking questions and finding out who they’re and what their relationships with others are like will help you identify if that relationship is worth pursuing. Do you significantly like or dislike any dish? Do you see your family usually? Should you be really serious about looking for an extended-time period relationship, you definitely want to see in case your values are compatible. See how they react to it.17.17. Speed’s father was powerful on Hamilton on the collection, doubting the entire dating experiment and questioning how Hamilton would handle an interracial relationship. Typically our relationship with another person wants a boost of some kind. Online dating is quick, convenient, you can find open 24 hours.
For a quality apartment in your new city, go to Zumper. 6. What is your best quality? Everyone has that one particular quality they love to flaunt, whether it’s their undying love of helping folks or their capacity to carry their breath underwater. Properly, that is one of those fairly easy flirty questions to ask a guy. So make sure you add such humorous questions to ask a man in your bucket list. Exo gay evaluation humorous online dating dialog starters, dating app for mental well being professionals, dating miriam. Although you in all probability mustn’t use these deep dialog starters for a primary date, they work nicely to find out more about a person. And obviously find out if he has all of the qualities. Why would you describe yourself that manner? Briefly, the trick is using a number of detailed self-description, and avoiding general descriptions (like “fun-loving” and “active”).January 3, 2017January 3, 2017 Rafael Nadal Fans [VIDEOS] Rafael Nadal beats Alexandr Dolgopolov in Brisbane: Interview and Highlights Post match interview with Rafael Nadal: Highlights: The best of Rafa’s victory over Alexandr Dolgopolov The best moments of day 3 from Brisbane: Rafa sends the match balls into the crowd Videos: Brisbane International Share this:FacebookTwitterMoreLinkedInTumblrPrintWhatsAppEmailRedditPinterestLike this:Like Loading... Related
Actually this Zverev should be an easy task for Rafa, I thought for a second he was playing the upcoming star, but that’s the kid brother, who just beat the Weak Era King!
WOW………………..what an art display dear Rafa !!!!!!! : ) LOVE how you sweetheart get the best out of Alex…… he raises his intensity and brilliant Tennis to higher levels each time the two of you play!!!!!!! : ) So much fun to see you both play real classy fantastic Tennis covering back & forth shots, beautiful returns, amazing flexibility and speed, such creative serves. You guys are such joy to watch!!!!!!: ) Most other players engage in a one pointer power serve match which is a huge bore and shows no talent beyond serving. Love every minute of the 14 minutes highlights…..thank you so much to whoever posted!!!!! : ) Love both players artistic and passionate style…..and VAMOS DEAR RAFA for winning and for being so incredibly fit and mighty speedy on the court!!!!!!!!!!!!! : ) : ) : ) : ) VAMOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : ) VAMOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : ) VAMOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : )
Hmmm…….
hmmm
Enjoy reading your post with less “!!!!”. 🙂
VAMOS DEAR RAFA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : ) : ) : ) : ) Congratulations on your great victory today…Great news dear Rafa!!! : ) Sorry I missed it earlier today….. look forward to watch the match in Replay. All the photos from Australia are Beautiful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : ) Love the practice photos in gray outfit, and today’s close up of your girlfriend Maria! : ) Very happy for you and enjoy everything!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : ) VAMOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : ) VAMOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : ) VAMOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! : )
all the best for the next round Rafa.
I’am so happy for Rafa for his kicks off win in Brisbane! Go for it, Rafa! Looking sharp!
Good luck for the next round. Vamos Rafa!ISBN: 0961039272
A resource for anyone who wants to understand the dynamics of human interaction, this comprehensive collection of essays is essential for human resource professionals, managers, consultants, trainers, and students.
This extensive collection is divided into major skill-building areas, all necessary for improving professional effectiveness: communications, diversity, conflict, re-entry (after the training experience), history and background of laboratory educations, self-awareness, support systems, experiential learning, and group dynamics.
Besides theory, the book offers practical insights for improving human interactions and provides solid reading in the topic areas covered in the book.
To purchase copies of The Reading Book for Human Relations Training at $55.00 US click here.Visit WebsitePublished
| Last updated
Jake Paul has delivered one of his most outlandish comments yet, claiming he has tested himself more than Muhammad Ali, Mike Tyson and Floyd Mayweather did in their early careers.
Paul, 4-0 in professional boxing, resumes his budding career against Tommy Fury on December 18.
It'll be his first real fight against a genuine boxer following victories over a fellow YouTuber, a former NBA player and a couple of ex-UFC stars.
But Paul believes he's had a hard route to where he is now and believes he's tested himself more than some of boxing's greats.
On his win over Tyron Woodley, he said: "It was my first real test that I passed. A UFC Champion who dominated the UFC with his big overhand right.
"He hit me with a shot in the fourth round that was nothing. I ate it very easily and kept moving.
"I found a way to win and passed my first test in my fourth professional fight."
'The Problem Child' added: ."
Paul, who outpointed Woodley in his last outing, faces Fury in Florida next month.
He's extremely confident heading into his fifth professional contest as he continues to eye a showdown against Conor McGregor.
Featured Image Credit: PA/Jake Paul
Topics: Mike Tyson, Boxing, Jake Paul, muhammad ali, Floyd Mayweather
Chosen for YouChosen for You
Most Read StoriesMost ReadStory updated below.
Oh wow. This is news no one should ever have to share.
Just a week after Randy Rogers Band lead singer Randy Rogers announced on Twitter the birth of his daughter, Rumer Rain, news comes now that the infant has sadly passed away.
From Randy’s publicist Heather:.
I just don’t even know what to say. My deepest heartfelt condolences go out to Randy and his wife.
Update: The Randy Rogers Band now has the above statement posted on their Facebook page and Randy has released a heartbreaking statement of his own:
.”
This Post Has 63 Comments
So sad to hear.
GOD BLESS U AND UR FAMILY!! THERES NOT MUCH ANY ONE CAN SAY TO HELP EASE UR PAIN, JUST PLEASE, HOLD ON TO FAITH EVEN TIGHTER…..
I am so very sorry for your loss. Please accept my condolences.
So sad. Chelsea & Randy Rogers, baby Rumer Rain Rogers may have been called home early, but the Lord needs her there. Rumer will always be your little Guardian Angel. My prayers to you and family,friends. Prayers
i wanted to say i was so very sorry to read this.. and i wanted to ask if the baby received the hep b shot that they give after being born.. these vaccinations are giving way to soon
deva, it has nothing to do with the shot. He said that she had a rare condition and it was natural causes.
My condolences to the family, I’m sorry for your loss. Heaven gained another angel.
you will see a revised story soon
Go drown
The risk of adverse reaction from vaccines are one in a million. The risks for hepatitis if the baby were to contract it GREATLY outweigh those risks.
and you too are in error……………where did you get that one in a million number…………so sad and so uninformed. Is that baby using drugs or having sex? I dont’ think so
You are terribly misinformed. No baby is at risk for hep B unless the mom has it. Vaccine reactions are much more common than you think. Even death.
Interesting how people get so defensive and angry when we mention vaccines or question if she was vaccinated.
What a horrible message. Way to try to make a grieving family feel terrible about a decision they made…which, if she had the vaccine, had NOTHING to do with the baby’s death. Next time just keep your mouth closed.
sorry you are wrong – this happens over and over with this terrible vaccine given at birth…………for something that infants aren’t even at risk for
I am a former Peds RN and have been working with vaccine dangers issues for 34 years
yes this baby got hep b vax (from a source close to family) – intimidated into giving it by nurses who threatened to call CPS…………..we see this SO often after hep b vax
I am truly Sorry for your loss. Sending Prayers for You and Your Family, and that God shall wrap his Loving Arms around you and make this burden Lighter. He needed an Angel, Rumer Rain is looking down on you with her loving heart. Rumer Rain is such a pretty name.
My prayers go out to the parents
Randy & Chelsea sorry for your loss. She is in gods hands now & he has beautiful plans for her. My prayers are with you & your family.
So very sad, my heart and prayers go out to them.
Prayers of peace, comfort & healing go out to Randy Rogers and his family during this sad time grieving the loss of their baby girl. I’m so sorry for your loss.
I am so SAD yo hear this terrible news!! My heart goes out yo Randy and his family!!
im so very sorry for your loss. It’s a club no parent wants to be a member of. I lost a child myself 2 1/2 yrs ago. My thoughts and prayers are with yall during this difficult time. ❤️
I’m sure there are no words of comfort at this tender time. However I pray God grant you and your family the strength to cope with the loss of your precious Angel.
Our deepest condolences to your family. We feel your pain, we list our beautiful granddaughter 6 years ago at birth. No words can take your headache away but stay strong and don’t lose your faith.
Praying that God gives you peace and strength through your heartache. I will send more children to church camp in her name this year.
Rumer is in God’s loving hands. My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
Marci’s Mom
Saad news. Prayers for you to have peaceful life and pray God to grant you other child.
My condolences to you Randy and your wife. No father should ever experience this feeling. Love and prayers goes out to your family.
Randy and Chelsea,
I am so very sorry for your loss. I think only a parent who has been through it can fully understand how you feel right now. My thoughts and prayers are with you both. God bless.
I am so sorry to hear of the passing your newborn daughter, may she rest in peace in the arms of our Lord. May the Lord comfort you all at this time and be with you while you are grieving for the loss of your precious angel. I am sure she went peacefully in arms of you both.
Thoughts and prayers for Randy and his wife during this terrible loss. May God wrap his arms around you and give you comfort during the days, weeks & months to come.
So very sorry for the loss of your baby daughter….she is now in the arms of Jesus…and awaits for you…..it’s hard to loose a new born baby…my heart goes out to you….many, many prayers for your wife and you….it is in Jesus name that I pray for yall…..
I am so sorry for your loss! No one unless they have experienced this will know what you are going through. I pray for your family and I pray that God will wrap his arms around you for comfort. God Bless
There are no words. I am so sorry Randy and Chelsea. She is waiting on the other side. Love and hugs to y’all. Praying for you to have comfort and peace in this difficult time.
Sending prayers to you and your wife and your entire family.
U r in my prays.
So sorry to hear this. It’s so hard for anyone. I lost my firstborn son, 8’10” & never got to hold him, as he lived only 1 1/2 hrs.The only picture I have of him is in my head. Wishing & praying for the strength for them to get through this.
There are no words. I am so sorry Randy and Chelsea Prayers for you both.
Heart breaking. So very sorry for your loss. My God bless you & your family always.
My deepest condolences to Mr. & Mrs. Randy Rogers on there loss of there baby girl. Both of u and ur entire family r in my prayers
Heart breaking ,So Sorry for your loss..praying for strength
So sorry for your loss. Prayers for all of your family in this time of need.
i will pray for you and your family I can understand the pain your going through I also went through this loss I had my daughter Mia Veronica at 29 weeks with a placenta abruption and lived for 2 days so I know the pain you guys are going through and I am so sorry .. xo
Heaven has another precious Angel.
My deepest condolences for your loss.
It’s been almost 23 years ago I felt that kind of loss and all I can say is the warmth and deep love I felt when as just hours before my dear mother passed away she called his name and mine and when I looked in her eyes she saw me crying I told her it was ok I was just so happy she could finally meet and hold her grandson and to tell him I love him and will see him someday. She smiled and looked over at an empty corner and looked back at me and nodded her head yes. That’s when I knew he was waiting to meet his family and 23 years later I like I truly believe I’ll see him again. God bless y’all.
Thoughts & prayers are with the family.
Having lost a granddaughter 3 hours after her birth, your pain is felt so deeply. God be with you and know that the Angel Rumer will be with you every day.
So sorry for your loss. I cant say I know how you feel, because I have never dealt with the loss of a child. Revelation 21: 3-4 helps give us hope, for a time when
there will be no more pain and death.
Prayers up for everyone
So sorry for you loss-prayers being sent
We are truly sorry for your loss. Our hearts are broken. I don’t know if arrangements have already been made but we specialize in celebrating life. We customize caskets and we would love to make something special for Rumor. If you would like to contact Trey Ganem Designs call 361-489-1582. Again sorry for your loss.
Very tacky making a sales pitch to someone suffering a devastating loss! Show some heart, if you can, to anyone else in the future.
PS: When I lost my firstborn son years ago, local undertaker took care of everything & when I called about the bill a couple months later, he said they did not charge Anything for babies. Lesson for compassion!
Prayers for your family!
So sorry for your terrible loss. You are in my thoughts & prayers. Rumer is now a beautiful little angel watching down on you. She went to God knowing how much she was loved by you both. No words can take away the pain but take comfort in knowing that she is well taken care off! God bless you both!
I’m very sorry for your loss, prayers.
so sorry for youre loss , God must have needed an angel . God bless
.
Damm that sucks! My heart pains for your loss! No words will comfort you during this time. Just know I agree. This sucks ass big time!
I am laying your family down at the feet of Jesus, He can and will take care of you through this devastating loss. It’s difficult as a parent to know which decision to make often actually and do not beat yourself up over it. May God comfort you if ever you do. Much love and prayers will continue. God bless you all.
I’m so sorry for your loss. I know God will have his arms around you to comfort you during this very difficult time in your life. I am also so sorry that people have to leave horrible comments they should only be posting their condolences and positive comments. God bless you and your family.
Bless your angel baby
So sorry about your precious Angel! God bless & may you have peace in your heart! I pray Jesus face will shine down upon you at this difficult time.In him AmenNotify me when the price drops
We will email you if we find a lower price on this product!
Outdoor Canopy Carport Tent Car Shelter Storage Shed + UV provides the majority of the ingredients with an exciting discount price of 144.193$ which is a deal. It owns numerous properties including Outdoor Storage, UV Proof, 8 ft and finish.The Texans are heavy underdogs for Sunday's Divisional Round playoff game at New England.
That's just fine with them.
"(I) love it," defensive end J.J. Watt said on Wednesday. . We're going to go up there and we're going to put our best foot forward and we're going to play one hell of a football game."
The Texans lost to the Patriots 42-14 on Dec. 10, a one-sided beat-down that wide receiver Andre Johnson called a "butt whooping" on Wednesday. That game left many around the country to label the Texans frauds, pretenders and a host of other names to indicate they weren't – and still aren't – ready for the big stage. Antonio Smith, a fifth-round draft pick in 2005 who spent time on the Arizona Cardinals' practice squad and in NFL Europe before becoming a two-time Pro Bowler with the Texans. "It's my claim to fame."Architect I
Nashville, TN, US
Requisition Number: 83935
As a Network Services Architect you’ll provide pre-sales consulting, analysis, design for networking solutions including assessments, road mapping, architecture/design/deployment/migration projects, customization and integration with the intent of optimizing the customer’s operational benefit. In this pre-sales role, you will work closely with the sales team to scope new solutions, bills of materials (BoMs) and associated professional services with statements of work (SoWs)
Additionally, you will work closely with Insight delivery leaders, Insight technical SMEs, technical services and support group, external vendor partners, and customers, to create solutions that drive positive customer outcomes and experiences.
What you’ll do at Insight:
- Establish relationship with customer technical teams and technical leads
- Communicate technical architectures to customers, focusing on technical benefits and competitive differentiation
- Assess business opportunity and technical innovations
- Translate customer technical and business requirements into technical solutions
- Build relationships with customer technical and management staff
- Lead or participate effectively in internal matrix working groups centered on sales opportunities, Exchange viewpoints openly and honestly
- Solve technical and business problems for customer projects
- Mentor and coach junior team members
- Produce high-level and detailed technical designs in assigned practice areas that include all necessary solution components
- Derive complex business and technical challenges and develop Insight proposals that address client needs from an architecture, operations and services perspective; determine strategy in response to RFP
- Scope develop detailed statements of work for solutions delivery
What you’ll need to join Insight:
- Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience of 4 years related experience in lieu of degree
- 8+ years in technical architecture roles
- 8+ years demonstrated quality success in technical pre-sales with an Account executive (Sales Partner)
-
-
- Advanced Industry or vendor certifications in 2 or more technologies within one practice area
- 5+ years hands-on experience in the following:
- Cisco Enterprise Networking/Data Center assessment, planning, design, deployment and support
- Expert knowledge in two (2) or more of the following areas:
- Cisco (2900, 3900, ASR, 3750, 4500, 6500, Cat9K,,Nexus 2K, 5K, 7K, 9K DNAC)
- Cisco enterprise security (NGFW, NGIPS, Firepower)
- Micro segmentation (Cisco ISE, Aruba Clearpass)
- Wireless (Cisco, Aruba, Ruckus, Cradlepoint/LTE, Ubiquity)
- Knowledge in some of the following areas is desired:
- Cloud Networking and Security
- Cisco Tetration
- Cisco SD-Access
- Arista
- Fortinet
- SD-WAN (Viptela/Cisco, Velo Cloud/VMware, Silverpeak/HPE, Cloudgenics/Palo Alto)
- HPE Switching
- Engages in continuous learning to stay abreast on new and emerging technologies. This includes obtaining vendor-related certifications to enhance professional development and corporate standing with vendors/partners.
- Excellent written and oral communications
- Strong abilities to write statements of work (SoWs) for professional services engagements
- Strong requirements gathering, solutioning, and road-mapping abilities
- In-depth knowledge of complex technical environments
- Understanding of and ability to product financial impact analysis (TCO, ROI)
- Ability to multitask and prioritize workload
- Excellent analytical abilities resulting in problem resolution
- Strong customer relationship skills.
- Willingness to travel regionally up to 50% (Post COVID restrictions)
- Internal locus of control belief system
- Cisco CCNP, CCIE preferred: Nashville || Tennessee (US-TN) || United States (US) || None || None || US - Nashville, TN ||
#LI-AR1
#IND123
#GLDR2
Nearest Major Market: Nashville
Job Segment: Architecture, Developer, Cisco, Consulting, Network, Engineering, TechnologyI always used to tell my clients that if they moved to a new geographic area, they could expect to feel disoriented for about a year. Well, now I’m eating those words. Because I’ve discovered something that wasn’t true when I started coaching. In the past couple of decades, we’ve ALL moved to a new place. THE SAME PLACE!
As far as houses go, I recently uprooted from the West Coast of the USA and plopped to earth “back East.” But I haven’t felt much disorientation. Why?
Because you and I are still meeting where we always have! Here!
As you read this, you may be sipping tea in your bedroom, checking your phone in your dentist’s waiting room, or orbiting Earth in a spacecraft. I may be burying coins in my backyard or combing a raccoon. But in a very real sense, we are together, right here, right now, in what the indigenous Australians call the Everywhen.
One reason I always feel surrounded by friends is the Gathering Room. This is a weekly broadcast I’ve been beaming out on Sundays since a few months before I left California. I decided I’d just turn on the camera, talk about what’s on my mind—as long as it’s at all useful—and see who would join me.
Each week when my co-conspirator Rowan Mangan (AKA the Gracious Badger) sets up the computer and we see people popping into the Gathering Room from all over the world, I’m absolutely awestruck. The planet feels so small and intimate, the consciousness of love so huge, that I’m convinced all over again that we really can fix things.
So if you’re a Gathering Roomster, this is my heartfelt thank-you note. If not, no worries. Gather in your own space, whenever and with whomever feels right to you. Let’s keep spinning webs of connection until we weave a shining mantle strong enough to save the world.
My favorite saying these days is something that my CEO, Jennifer Voss, says, “Play in the magic, stay in the real.” I am so chock full of gratitude to live in a time of such magic, with such real and amazing playmates. See you in the Everywhen!
AT 4:25 PM
AT 12:47 PM
AT 9:10 AM
AT 1:22 PM
AT 3:53 PM
AT 9:19 AM
AT 5:07 PM
AT 3:23 PMA couple weeks ago, I enjoyed one of the best vacations of my life. We were celebrating my parents’ 80th birthdays. My parents were born 10 months apart, so we celebrated a bit late for my dad and a bit early for my mom. My extended family (parents, siblings, kids, niece and nephews) have taken some great trips to celebrate my parents 60th, 70th and 75th birthdays, as well as their 50th wedding anniversary.
This may have been the best trip so far. We spent a week at the luxurious Tryall Golf Club near Montego Bay, Jamaica. We purchased our “accommodations” through a charity auction website: Charitybuzz.com. My parents loved being surrounded by their three kids and all six grandchildren. We were all impressed with my parents’ ability to hike and keep up with us youngsters. The highlight of our trip was this hike to Mayfield Falls (pictured below). I look forward to celebrating many more of life’s great moments with this crew.
– Jeremy Kisner, Senior Wealth Advisor, Surevest Private Wealth
If you are anything like me, you might think it is impossible to be a professional singer/songwriter or aspiring musician in the OKC metro area. I mean, we only hear about artists making it in the big leagues about every 5 to 10 years. OKC is expanding, growing and doing more for their musicians than ever. OKC is entering into a new era of live music and entertainment. If you are wanting to get some exposure and introduce yourself to the rising music scene in Oklahoma City, this guide just might help you find the perfect place to get past your stage fright or just find a fun environment to perform. Here are 5 of my favorite spots that offer open mic nights.
The Paramount Room
1st Wednesday of every month at 7:00
Let’s start out on Film Row. This may be one of the biggest open mic scenes in OKC today. With the support of returning fans, locals, and new faces, the Paramount offers a genuinely fun experience for their performers. If you are a singer/songwriter who wants to start sharing your work with people who love hearing new and exciting music, this may be the perfect inviting place to get started.
VZD’s Restaurant and Bar
Every Wednesday starting at 9:00
Would you say that your music style is a bit “out there”? I think it’s safe to say that most people are looking for authenticity in every singer, band, or artist. Be proud that you have a unique style that is totally accepted at VZD’s. The crowd is very inviting and welcomes new faces and fresh talents vulnerable enough to put themselves out there. If you are passionate about your talent, this may be a great place to get on stage and share that passion in a friendly, welcoming environment. (Also, I hear that Joe the sound guy is the best in OKC. He makes everyone sound like a pro!)
Hubbly Bubbly Hookah Bar
First Monday of every month at 8:30
Maybe you still aren’t totally convinced that you’re ready or confident enough to get on stage and overcome your stage fright. Or maybe I just haven’t convinced you how awesome these opportunities are for YOU. Hubbly Bubbly Hookah Bar offers a stage that is open and safe for all different talents. With dimly lit lights and a comfy atmosphere, Hubbly Bubbly is a really fun place to perform on open mic nights! Anyone from comedians, to bands, to solo artists, and rappers are welcome. The crowd is very engaged and gives their best efforts to encourage and support the performers who may be a bit timid and shy. Would you say that describes you? No judgement exists here! You will be surrounded by kind people who are excited to hear new talents. Check out open mic night at Hubbly Bubbly if you are searching for a pretty cool time.
Sauced on Paceo
Every Tuesday at 7:30
If you are more confident or maybe have a little more experience, Sauced will be the perfect venue for open mic. Grab your instruments and practice some covers or perfect your originals because Sauced picks performers from the Tuesday open mic nights to come back to preform on Thursdays. This is perfect for those of you looking to further your music career in a laid back environment, surrounded by people who love pizza and music. What stands out the most at Sauced is the ambient lighting and the relaxed patio scene. Oh yeah, and their pizza is delicious so tell your friends to come grab a slice and hear you rock out on stage.
JJ’s Alley Bricktown Pub
Every Sunday at 8:30
To wrap up the Open Mic scenes in OKC, let’s finish at JJ’s Alley. While all the places on this list offer open mic, music is JJ’s Alley’s primary focus. People who visit JJ’s Alley are coming specifically for the entertainment. If you chose to make this your next gig, you can expect the audience to be very engaged with your performance. This creates a great opportunity to perform under a little bit of pressure. Also, JJ’s Alley offers $3 pizza slices along with some of the best mixed drinks in OKC.
Honorable Mentions:
Hollywood Corners
Every Monday Night 7:00-10:00
Our first honorable mention is the one and only Hollywood Corners. Since Hollywood Corners recently revamped their restaurant, they have become the hip, new place for live music and family-friendly events. What makes this place so unique is that they have a huge outdoor stage for musicians to perform shows nearly every night. Oh, and did I mention that there’s a possibility of running into Toby Keith? How cool would it be to perform Open Mic on Mondays and look into the crowd to see Toby Keith listening to your performance? If you are looking for a place to start singing in front of live audiences but you aren’t quite sure where to start, this honorable mention just might be the place to begin pursuing your passions and dreams.
The Deli
First Wednesday of the month
For our final Open Mic destination, let’s go to one of the oldest bars on campus corner, The Deli. Opened in 1973, this iconic bar is the only of its kind in Norman, offering live music 7 days a week. You are guaranteed a warm and welcoming environment here because The Deli prides themself on supporting local musicians and artists. With such an attentive and encouraging audience, you can’t go wrong choosing The Deli. Local musician Jarvix hosts open mic nights the First Wednesday night of every month, so be sure to check it out as you start on this new and exciting journey. Also, huge shout out to Jarvix for his helpful insight into the open mic scene in the OKC Metro area!
Open Mic nights are a great way to kickstart your singing career if you want to perform in front of people but don’t know where to begin. Audiences at open mic nights just want to be captivated by authenticity and rawness, so don’t be afraid to share your talents and heart with them! Their response might surprise you. Remember, you can do anything you set your mind to, and if singing is something you’re passionate about pursuing, there is no better time to take advantage of your gift than now. Life is short, so have some fun and let the good times roll.Elegant Shweshwe Dresses 2022 For African Women
African trend graph firstly commenced with masses of animal hides and fur. All of this is frequently a imperative section of one’s apparel and cultural background. However, with time, these developed into internationally popular and desired designs. Among the types of fiber used for garb are raffia palm, jute, flax, and silk.
This fashion offers you the most important trending Ankara clothes patterns and trend from Africa. African garments sketch has been adopted by means of western trend Ankara garments due to the fact of their creativity and elegance, which are delivered with the aid of many well-known African creators.
Elegant Shweshwe Dresses 2022 For African Women
You can select one of these shweshwe patterns 2022, such as this blue gown with an African headwrap. This Shweshwe gown is best for any occasion. You can put on it for your friends’ engagement to show up as a queen.
The vibrant and patterned Shweshwe Makoti robes have managed the African Fashion exhibition in South Africa. It is additionally come to follow to as a image of matters Traditional African shweshwe patterns 2022 connected to an consequence ought to redefine that property as Afrocentric.
a Textiles in the city of Zwelitsha backyard King William’s Town in the Eastern Cape in South Africa. It is printed on cotton that is additionally grown regionally in the Eastern Cape
Elegant Shweshwe Dresses 2022 For African Women
Shweshwe patterns 2022 are stylish for their intense difference, elegantly chic, and historically elegant. The daring and shiny Shweshwe apparel is as numerous due to the fact of the our bodies of South Africa. Xhosa has ate up them, Sotho, Zulu, Tswana people.
Fabric can be recognized through sensation, taste, smell, and sound. The material is now produced in a number of hues along with the authentic indigo, pink and brown, and a range of shapes along with diamonds, squares, stripes, flowers, and round geometric patterns, and is made via an tricky process.
On the unique fabric, you will discover the company emblems on the reverse facet of the material and the dye is a stable color. The cloth is stiff when bought and is much less than an common of ninety cm wide. The stiffness of the new cloth fades, and the fabric turns into tender after washing the typical starch used in production.
Elegant Shweshwe Dresses 2022 For African Women
Shweshwe is the variety one fabric in the country. It is the material worn by means of girls in South Africa – it is the tartan of South Africa. We all recognize Seshoeshoe fabric as Shweshwe, and isishweshwe are produced with the aid of Da Gama Textiles in King Williamstown, South Africa. The enterprise states that Sisho or blue fabric originated in Europe from cloths imported from India.
Shweshwe, Shoeshoe, or isishweshwe is a printed cotton material that is manufactured in South Africa. The authentic identify for shweshwe is “indigo-dyed discharge printed fabric”. It is a branded material and is manufactured via Da Gam
Elegant Shweshwe Dresses 2022 For African Women
Elegant Shweshwe Dresses 2022 For African WomenWelcome! Please take a few seconds to create your free account to post threads, make some friends, remove a few ads while surfing and much more. ClutchFans has been bringing fans together to talk Houston Sports since 1996. Join us!
Are We Witnessing the Greatest Shooting Guard in Rockets History?
Discussion in 'Houston Rockets: Game Action & Roster Moves' started by Deckard, Feb 24, 2015.
Page 1 of 11These beautiful glass beads were created for creative individuals full of energy and playfulness! They are made by glass in different colours with a gold, silver or multi-coloured abstract motif painted on top of them! ...to make them look more interesting! ...Be creative and add them to your bracelets, necklaces or even key rings!!! The diameter of each bead is 0.8 cm. It weights 1 gram. The diameter of the hole is 1 mm. Select with our drop down menu your favourite colour (s)!!! If you want more than one colour, make your first selection, add it to the basket, then make your second colour selection, add it to the basket etc... ...Bon Voyagѐ to the land of imagination and dreams!!! What do you imagine when you look at each one of them!???
"...Glass Beads of Energy!"
£0.70Price
Colour SelectionWhat would you build?
Builder.ai is an AI powered platform that helps you build software 6x faster and 70% cheaper, without becoming a techie. It uses Lego-like reusable features, an AI powered (“Natasha”) assembly line and a network of experts to customise those features. Once built, their Care and Cloud platform makes sure your software project never goes out of date and scales as your business does. Designed for the non technical business user, the platform offers transparent and guaranteed pricing with no lock-in and no need for an expert in the middle.
A single platform to build, run and scale; bringing the idea in your head to life.
headquarters
- C/O Pkf Littlejohn 15 Westferry Circus, Canary Wharf, E14 4HDLondon, E14 4HDUnited Kingdom
Focus
Portfolio
Pepsi, Siam Makro, Xander Group, Virgin Unite, BBC Click, MoodIt, StarJets
Reviews
the project
Mobile App Development for Construction Company
"In our experience, Builder.ai was just a pretty website that cannot deliver what they promised."
Builder.ai was tasked with developing a mobile application by a construction company.
the review
"In our experience, Builder.ai was just a pretty website that cannot deliver what they promised."
Sep 13, 2021
the reviewer
the review
The client submitted this review online.
Please describe your company and your position there.
Project manager
For what projects/services did your company hire Builder.ai, and what were your goals?
To develop an app.
How did you select this vendor and what were the deciding factors?
Online.
Describe the scope of work in detail, including the project steps, key deliverables, and technologies used.
Didn't start due to multiple issues
How many people from the vendor's team worked with you, and what were their positions?
We worked with people from all levels, trying to resolve the many issues we had.
Can you share any measurable outcomes of the project or general feedback about the deliverables?
No, after months with Builder.ai we still didn't have any product.
Describe their project management style, including communication tools and timeliness.
Online.
What did you find most impressive or unique about this company?
The simplicity of the idea.
Are there any areas for improvement or something they could have done differently?
We wasted months with this company and ended up with nothing. While in the beginning everything looked great and we were excited to work with Builder.ai, it didn’t take long before designing issues started to arise and additional costs started piling up. Our major gripe with Builder.ai is who owns the actual code of the app. We were told, and it’s on their website that the customer owns the code – however that’s not actually true.
As they work on building blocks they own the code which is “delivered to the customer under License” which is clearly written in their contracts. When we questioned them about this they just talked in circles but the bottom line is we didn’t own the code. Unfortunately we still decided to give them a shot and provided them the design we had, signed the contract, they gave us a statement of work and we paid the down payment.
At this point they decided the work we had wasn’t enough and said we had to now add a design phase which was a huge expense, or we could outsource the work. We chose the latter because it was considerably cheaper and had the file done in XD format (as per their instructions). Problem is once we delivered this to Builder they said they needed it in sketch file but they could convert it for us – at a cost of thousands of dollars.
They also decided that a number of functionalities for the app weren’t included and they would have to add that to the cost of development. As we had a contract that covered most of the additional functionalities they had to cover those, but the cost was still going to increase considerably with what we had to pay for.
In my experience, they either don’t quote accurately in the first place and once your committed then these costs happen to come to light, or they don’t actually look at your design before quoting the product – either way this led to huge headaches for my company. We had many conversations with Builder via zoom where we had discussed all of these issues, who owns the code, the design format etc. where they record the meetings.
My advice to anyone brave enough to work with Builder.ai is to make your own recordings to protect your company!!! We asked for a copy of the recording which they flatly denied and said they would provide minutes of the meeting which was total crap and only had superficial information that wasn’t relevant. Paying Builder.ai was another nightmare!. We paid the first installment by credit card and that was it….. there is no way to delete the card details if you want to pay another way.
We tried to delete the card as our project was on hold and yet they still attempted multiple times to charge our card. We sent email after email to delete the card from their website, and just kept getting brushed off. This resulted in us being charged an installment even after the contract was dissolved and the details are still on the website even today – we have literally had to block the card through the bank. In our experience, Builder.ai was just a pretty website that cannot deliver what they promised
The vendor responded on November 17, 2021
Thanks for sharing this Rachelle, we do need to explain a couple of things:
Yes, you absolutely do own your code – once the project is completed and paid for. But as you haven’t paid for your project, you don’t own this code yet.
We do need design files in Sketch format so either we can do your designs, or you can provide them in Sketch format, or we can convert them for you. This feels like the heart of the issue and the miscommunication here, is why we’ve already refunded all your installments.
While your project was stopped to sort this out, your next payment was automatically taken by mistake. We’re very sorry about this and refunded the payment straight away.
We’re sad things ended this way and wish you every success with your app.
the project
App Development for Healthy Vending Machine Retailer
"Even during delays, they offered us to re-prioritize stuff so that the impact on business should be minimized."
Builder.ai developed a mobile app for a healthy vending machine retail company. The team built an Android app, providing back-end development services and running user testing.
the review
"Even during delays, they offered us to re-prioritize stuff so that the impact on business should be minimized."
May 1, 2020
The engagement helped increase data accuracy and improve the process of field operations. Builder.ai establishes a smooth workflow through effective communication and collaboration. The team is organized, hard-working, and attentive.
the reviewer
the review
The client submitted this review online.
Please describe your company and your position there.
General Manage IT, Instant retail India limited
For what projects/services did your company hire Builder.ai?
Operations Android App and Back-end
What were your goals for this project?
To smoothly handle the operations of Vending machine operator, supervisor and operations manager, on time product refilling, scheduling, inventory management
How did you select this vendor?
Initially got to know from some friend. Then compared the pricing with other available vendors. Apart from that, their project support road map was quite fascinating for us.
Describe the project and the services they provided in detail.
They designed, developed, configured, and launched our app and the inherent back-end system. The project began with a requirement discovery workshop, which let us reach a mutual understanding of the business challenges and goals. Once we approved the workflows, wire-frames, and mock-ups, the actual production began in the form of 2-week sprints. The functional versions were ready for user testing and feedback every two weeks.
What was the team composition?
Our single point of contact was the assigned project manager. We have seen different developers, designers and architects working on the project as per the skills required. Around 6 people were working on this project.
Can you share any information that demonstrates the impact that this project has had on your business?
The business goal was to improve the process of field operations and track the inventory in the field. Main challenge was the acceptance by the field team. When the product went for the field test, it got accepted with very few recommendations and these guys took those changes forward. During the field testing itself we found that the accuracy of data was 99.99%. It was a big booster for our confidence. We extended our requirement further with two other change requests.
How was project management arranged and how effective was it?
Project management and communication was quite impressive. Deadlines were met and on very few occasions, when it was felt by the project team that there may be some delay, it was well communicated on time. Even during delays, they offered us to re-prioritize the stuff so that the impact on business should be minimized. We used Slack and Zoom for most of our communications.
What did you find most impressive about this company?
Though we went for a custom application development for our business needs but the way they started discovering the project scope was like an SME. Another thing which I noticed was their alertness about the project schedules.
Are there any areas for improvement?
Everyone is having scope of improvement from different viewpoints. So, I would rather tell them to stick on their model and be dedicated to the way they are delivering their services today. It itself can take to them new heights.
the project
Mobile App Dev for Medical Services Company
"They understood the business requirements very well."
Engineer.ai developed a mobile app that connects patients with medical professionals via video call. After finalizing the requirements of the project, the team built and tested the product.
the review
"They understood the business requirements very well."
Sep 9, 2019
Engineer.ai delivered a fully functional product within a short timeframe. Responsive and methodical, the team kept detailed records of requested changes and quickly implemented necessary modifications. Customers can expect a knowledgable and efficient partner.
the reviewer
the review
The client submitted this review online.
Please describe your company and your position there.
I am COO, of a medical service company; Touch MediCar Services Pvt Ltd. Our company is trying to make medical service affordable and accessible to all the sections of the society, we use technology to accomplish this task.
For what projects/services did your company hire Engineer.ai?
Our company was doing doctor to home service for the last four years and we envision to make primary medical care accessible to all. The same time we want our customers to get medical assistance at the comfort of their home. That is when we started thinking of developing a mobile application which will connect a patient and a doctor though a video call.
What were your goals for this project?
We want the app to be simple and easy to use for all the stake holders. It should not create any ambiguity for the users.
How did you select this vendor?
We selected the vednor after taking proposals from many vendors. We also took opinions of people who alraeady had engaged with this vendor. The capabilities and previous works of the vendor are also considered while narraowing down the optons.
Describe the project in detail.
After selecting the vendor we had meeting, where we explained the broad requirements. The Vendor then came up with a builder card for the same with modules that are required for the same. We do many iterations to prioritise the requirements and we finalise the required modules.
The project is then handed over to the project management team. The team then develop the SOP and the flow of process for the app. Development was done along with the required testing and iterations. Regular sharing of apks was also done to do the testing from our side as well.
What was the team composition?
We have assigned a project manager, who was responsible for the project and also the is laison for us. The front end developers back end developers, testers and designers are assigened as per the requirement of the project as and when required.
Can you share any outcomes from the project that demonstrate progress or success?
With in six months time our application was developed and is fully functional with the requirements that are given. There are some additional features added in the later course of the project, which was very critical for the project.
How effective was the workflow between your team and theirs?
The project manager was available and accessible to communicate and also had deep understanding of the technology and the business requirements. We had regular meetings and logs are kept to enter our quaries and make the necessary chages
What did you find most impressive about this company?
The company is very agile and is very prompt in its commitments. They understood the business requirements very well.
Are there any areas for improvement?
Choosing of vendors can be done with a more judicions way.
the project
Pedestrian Safety App for Nonprofit
"The main thing is finding the right people to do it. Engineer.ai has people with the right skills."
Engineer.ai developed an Android application. It was deployed on Google Cloud.
the review
"The main thing is finding the right people to do it. Engineer.ai has people with the right skills."
Sep 9, 2019
The app was launched on schedule with better UI/UX and a few features than expected. The Engineer.ai team is sincere and experienced.
the reviewer
the review
The client submitted this review online.
Please describe your company and your position there.
We are a non-profit organization which aims to help citizens and public services to exchange information on locations in streets to prevent and reduce pedestrians accidents.
For what projects/services did your company hire Engineer.ai?
We have asked engineer.ai to develop an Android app
What were your goals for this project?
We had three main goals: 1. Enable citizens to map locations in Portugal and Brazil adding extra information like photos. This information is shared in a region to other users 2. Allow public services, like city halls to review that location, improve it if necessary and exchange information with the citizen 3. Educate pedestrians and drivers in road safety
How did you select this vendor?
Engineer.ai seemed the right company to build our app. We have presented our project to them and we have reached a mutual understanding on it.
Describe the project in detail.
The project was managed in an agile way. Main requirements were defined in sprint #1 and following sprints delivered actual and usable features. We had weekly meetings to review progress and refine requirements. The team was flexible to change deployment options (Google Cloud instead of Amazon) and was able to cope with the challenges regarding that decision.
What was the team composition?
We had a remote team on India managed by Rupneet and a technical team with designers and developers.
Can you share any outcomes from the project that demonstrate progress or success?
The app was launched on schedule with better UI/UX and a few features than expected. It is performant and running for 5 months now. More than 100 users have download it. We are waiting for authorities sponsorship to announce it in Portugal.
How effective was the workflow between your team and theirs?
We had good and sincere discussions on issues and how to handle them. Engineer.ai is very experienced in these projects and presented solutions quickly, so we can move forward.
What did you find most impressive about this company?
Their commitment to a project for a non-profit organization. We were impressed by their professionalism and experience.
Are there any areas for improvement?
The main thing is finding the right people to do it. Engineer.ai has people with the right skills.
Builder.ai failed to create a functional app and delivered nothing. They asked beyond the allotted budget and kept getting payments from the credit card without any approval. Ultimately, the team’s overpricing and broken promises soured the partnership and strongly disappointed the company. This review includes the vendor’s response.There has been a fascinating linguistic development in Sweden, and one that poses a question for a possible future change in English.
Gender politics is a hot topic in the Scandinavian country, and it recently led to the publication of what was described as the country’s first gender neutral children’s book, Kivi och Monsterhund. The gender neutrality came from the use of a new personal pronoun instead of ‘han’ for he or ‘hon’ for she. The word that was used was ‘hen’.
Hen has now taken a step towards official recognition by being included in the country’s National Encyclopedia. So the question for English is: do we need a new word to be created to exist alongside ‘he’ and ‘she’ which allows things to be described without a potential user’s gender?
English already has alternatives. ‘They’ is often used when a person’s sex is unknown. ‘It’ is another possibility, albeit one that seems to depersonalise people. But I think in English, any change would purely be one of practicality, rather than linguistic politics, which seems to be the driving force behind the Swedish decision.
Which is not to say that English does not have inherent sexism built in, it is just that I don’t think this is it. The English language is full of what can be called unequal lexical pairs, where the male and female equivalents of a word carry more differences in meaning than just the gender difference. Think about master and mistress. On the surface, they should be equivalent titles, like Mr and Mrs. But a Master of Arts has expertise in an academic subject; a Mistress of Arts sounds like the kind of person who would charge a premium for personal services. And in that vein, a man who is active between the sheets is a gigolo, praised for his virility. Language unkindly has pejorative words like slut for the female equivalent – language summing up the prevailing sexist attitudes of centuries gone by.
So does language reflect thought or condition it? I think it is the former, though I have long been fascinated by the Sapir- Whorf hypothesis, which posits that the language you speak affects how you think, so if certain words are not present, your world view is affected. This is a complex subject, not easily dismissed, but the absence of a word does not stop a person having a thought. Instead, we should see language as a reflection of where it has come from and watch how changes in society then permeate through to everyday speech.
Which brings us back to Sweden, and a pronoun whose creation seems very clearly to represent a mood in the country, as well as being a great catalyst for a conversation about political correctness gone too far. Is this a change that is needed in English? Probably not. Could it be brought in even if it was needed? Definitely not.
There is one context in which it would be useful, however. The Wordability family will expand later this year with a second child. I currently refer to the growing baby as ‘he or she’, as I don’t want to commit myself, and as pointed out above, ‘it’ just seems too clinical and object like.
Maybe I should just adopt ‘hen’ for the foreseeable future.
4 thoughts on “Sweden Eliminates Men and Women”
Linda
I was so excited to hear the Swedes have come up with a new word. We badly need one in the English language. In our attempt to be gender-neutral we use ‘they’ or ‘their’, which is VERY confusing when talking about individuals. It also makes a grammatical mess of sentences, when the subject is plural one minute and single he next. The media abounds with examples. Pay attention to quotes in the news. Another example is: I don’t know how many people have read the progress notes about me, I don’t even know what is in there. You didn’t speak to your best friend for a month after they read your journal (From YOU AND I by Elaine Popovich. This series of statements seems to have gone through some transformations over the years, and some of the worst grammatical mistakes have been corrected.) So how many people read the journal???? ‘Your best friend’ sounds like one. ‘after they read your journal’ sounds like more than one person read the journal. We often use ‘they or their’ to be gender-neutral. WIthout a specific pronoun for this purpose, what we’re left with is unclear language.
I have no interest in being in a genderless society, or reading my kids stories where the characters are genderless, but for grammatical reasons, in order to keep our lanaguage clear and precise, I can’t wait until we have an English word that can be used for ‘he’ or ‘she’ – singular, so that we can get away from this clumsy use of ‘they’ and ‘their’.
Pingback: Nerds Fight Back in Sweden | Wordability
Pingback: A Year Full of Bluster | Wordability
Pingback: A Load of Old W***? | WordabilityGravy is a very simple thing to make—even gluten-free gravy. It’s the subtle variations that each cook adds that makes it her own. My gravy acquired its signature twist last Thanksgiving.
I was invited to attend Thanksgiving dinner with a family that doesn’t have food allergies. This can be a disaster without a lot of pre-planning and communication. The hostess promised a safe turkey and a plain salad. I brought my Coconut Oatmeal Cookies for desert and made some chicken gravy.
My gravy is a hybrid of chicken gravy and cream gravy. As I made it, the gravy just didn’t feel special enough for a holiday dinner. It seemed a little bland. I decided to try a little mustard. For both a spice kick and tartness, it fit the bill! You may think it’s a little strange, but to me it’s like foreshadowing post-Thanksgiving turkey sandwiches!
Gravy Basics
You’ll remember my basic gluten-free roux from my Creole Sauce recipe. I use coconut oil (or butter) and garbanzo bean flour. I love that the garbanzo bean flour is already nutty so you don’t have to “cook out” the raw taste. The coconut oil gives the gravy a very silky mouth feel.
Gravy Ratio
- 1 tablespoon butter or coconut oil
- 1 tablespoon garbanzo bean flour
- 1 cup liquid (I use a combination of homemade almond milk and my chicken bone broth.) Use vegetable stock for a vegan option.
You can adjust the amount of liquid depending on the texture you prefer. Then, scale up as needed. It’s just that simple. Flavorings and herbs are up to the cook’s own creativity. 🙂
Uses
It’s my no-brainer dinner with I don’t feel like even thinking about cooking. I always have some of the gravy on hand in the freezer in small 8 ounce canning jars.
I use it on eggs. It goes over quinoa (or gluten-free noodles) and chicken. Lately, I’ve put it over mock mashed potatoes and leftover chicken breast—talk about a comfort food makeover!
- 4 Tbsp butter (or coconut oil)
- 4 Tbsp garbanzo bean flour
- 2 cups chicken stock (or vegetable stock)
- 2 cups non-dairy milk
- 1 cup sautéed onions, optional
- 2 Tbsp yellow mustard
- ¼ tsp red pepper flakes, optional
- Salt & Pepper to taste
- Add the butter and garbanzo bean flour to the pan and stir over medium heat until it resembles wet sand.
- Gradually add the stock and milk while whisking.
- Simmer the gravy until thickened.
- Add onions, mustard, red pepper flakes, salt, and pepper.
- Taste for seasoning adjustments and serve!
15 Responses to Mustard Gravy – GF,DF,CF,EFT1 Bursts Into Wild Rift With New Team
Despite having no announcement for a Korean Wild Rift esports scene, T1 sign a team for the future. In fact, T1 is the second squad in the South Korea region to recruit a Wild Rift team, right after KT Rolster. This could be an incredible team, but it’s just nice to see the Wild Rift scene grow. Some people have said that the game is already dying, but refuse to offer proof for that. We’ve seen it grow on the American side of things too, with Cloud9 seeking out a team in a unique way. We’re still uncertain what the plans are for North America and South Korea, but the orgs in that area are planning ahead.
Will An Announcement Come Soon?
No official announcement has been made, but T1 is, let’s be honest, one of the biggest esports orgs in South Korea. Their League of Legends team is the stuff of legends and has won championships across all of esports. This makes us think that either T1 knows something we don’t and are signing a Wild Rift team early, or are simply convinced that the time is coming. Heck, it’s not even T1’s first move into mobile esports, with the Xenon PUBG Mobile team.
The current T1 Wild Rift Team consists of:
- JJong (Baron Lane)
- JY (Jungle
- Core (Mid)
- Haru (ADC)
- PenGuin (Support)
T1 also made the announcement on Twitter:
“We are happy to announce that we have formed T1’s Wild Rift team. Please show the team your support!”
It’s very exciting to see big orgs embrace this new Riot Games title. It says a lot when some of the major players look at Wild Rift and see potential in it. We’ll keep an eye on the situation as it develops, and keep you up to date on the future of Wild Rift esports scenes for both Korea and North America.Cathedral Prep is well known for its strict dress code policies that keep students uniform and prevent bullying. The shoes, dress shirts, under shirts, pants, socks, belts, ties, and even socks of students need to be in line with the parameters set by the Cathedral Prep Handbook, or else punishments are given.
The only freedom of physical expression that Prep students have is their choice of underwear, but this of course is never seen. Thus, the question arises: should Prep students be allowed to express themselves with small articles of clothing, such as socks?
According to the Cathedral Prep Student Handbook, socks must be “traditional dress socks, crew or calf length, in black, navy, gray, or khaki. White socks are not permitted.” However, are such strict stipulations really necessary?
The Prep Handbook has strict rules on pants as well. This is relevant because the Prep Handbook says that dress pants need to be “of appropriate size.” We can assume that appropriate size pants cover up most or all of the socks of a student. Thus, are such strict rules on socks really necessary?
Non-uniform socks have a good amount of benefits for students actually. Socks come in all different colors, patterns, and designs. Students would be able to express some part of their outside lives within the school walls. For example, Prep senior Mike Ruff wore his Donald Trump socks to Gannon the day after the election.
Of course, dress socks prevent students from getting bullied for what they wear, but with a strict no bullying policy at Prep as well, the risks may outweigh the rewards. Students would be able to express who they are, even if it is something as minuscule as socks.
2 thoughts on “Should strict stipulations on students’ socks stay?”
By wearing uniformed socks, it shows that students are able to uphold the standard that is expected of a man of Prep. Should they abandon this standard, even if it is something as small as a pair of socks, there is nothing stopping the other standards from slipping.
Shave your face, cut your hair, put on black socks, button your top button and tuck in your shirt. Your parents $7000+ per year so you can go to a school that holds students to a higher standard. If you let the standard slip, there nothing that separates you from your counterpart at McDowell or Central.
I agree. (100%) Roanoke, VA
Mobile One Courier & Logistics offers professional commercial courier services throughout Roanoke, VA at an affordable price. Enjoy 24-hour deliveries, email notification upon delivery, warehousing, and distribution solutions.
WHAT WE DELIVER
- Small parcels, boxes, etc
- Mission Critical Equipment & Parts
- Healthcare – Pharmacy, Lab, Equipment, and Supplies
- Vital Documents, Legal & Accounting
Today, the couriers and local delivery services industry is valued at $126.2 billion and is expected to grow 4% even more. It’s clear that there’s a huge demand for courier and delivery services, especially for small businesses with tangible goods.
Your Roanoke, VA business might’ve grown to a point where you need help distributing your products. And this is where Mobile One Courier comes in.
Interested in hearing about what we can do for you? Then read on. Here’s what you can get with our commercial courier service in Roanoke, VA.
How It Works
Let’s first explore how our commercial courier service works so you know what to expect.
You’ll place the order by either calling us or filling out an online form. You can also use the automated integration in your business applications for even easier and simpler order placement! You’ll specify what needs to be picked up and when.
Once you’ve placed your order, our driver will then arrive at the appropriate time to pick up your packages. They’ll scan them to confirm they’ve been picked up. This will also start the tracking process.
Then the courier is on their way and you’ll receive a text notification. From there, you can check on your packages in real-time to see where they are.
When the driver arrives at the destination, they’ll scan the package again to confirm delivery. For added security, they’ll also ask the recipient to either sign the delivery form or they’ll take a picture of the packages at their final destination.
Once this is done, you’ll receive a notification that the delivery is complete. You can get this confirmation through text, email, or online.
Our Commercial Courier Services
Now that you understand how our commercial courier services work, the next thing to look at is what we offer you. Here are some options that can be beneficial to your Roanoke company.
Medical Courier Service
There are several challenges in healthcare logistics, such as increasing costs, uncertain staffing, compliance, and delivery management. So you might believe that courier service is the solution. This is true, but you shouldn’t just pick any courier.
You need a specialized company like Mobile One Courier since medical items need extra attention. We audit our drivers for PHI/OSHA requirements and make sure their cars are safe and clean.
While you might be concerned with your budget, we promise that using our medical courier service is worth every penny. In fact, it’ll pay for itself, and then some!
PROTECTION & SECURITY
- Insurance – General Liability, Cargo, Bonded, Auto & Non-Owned Auto, etc.
- Random in-field driver audits for security and compliance with industry standards
- High standards throughout our recruiting and staffing process.
Same-Day Courier Service
Offering quick deliveries is a unique selling point that can set your business apart miles above your competitors. So maybe you want speedy delivery times to not only impress your customers, but to also ensure your time-sensitive products don’t deteriorate.
We’re here with same-day courier services so your customers aren’t disappointed. We can deliver your packages anywhere between direct drive (under 90 minutes) and 90 minutes to 2 or 4 hours after pickup.
Warehouse and Distribution
Sometimes, packages need to be delivered, but not right away. And you might not have the space to store everything.
Not to worry, as Mobile One Courier has full-service storage services available. We’ll take care of storage and distribution so all you’ll need to take care of is scheduling pickups with us.
Outsourced Delivery Services
Are you feeling overwhelmed by your business’s logistics? Then our outsourced delivery and logistics services might be right for you.
Mobile One Courier will take complete control over your supply chain activities so you won’t have to worry about a thing. We’ll pick and pack your items, as well as store them, perform inventory control, and ship them out at the right times.
By integrating your business applications with ours, you’ll be able to automate delivery and order flow, which will free up a lot of your time (and not to mention, stress).
- 24/7 Dispatch Center
- Continual Monitoring of Courier Progress & Performance
- Routing
- Coordination With Clients
- Medical Courier Solutions
Benefits of Using a Roanoke Commercial Courier Service
Are you still on the fence about using our courier service? Then take a look at the benefits you’ll get from working with Mobile One Courier and our staff based in Roanoke.
24/7 Service
We’ve got on-site customer service representatives and dispatchers who will answer your calls, no matter what day or time it is. You’ll also get a dedicated account manager who will regularly provide you with updates on how your business is doing (more on this later).
Professional Drivers
We’ve carefully screened and background-checked all of our couriers. Not only that, but they’re checked for proper certifications if applicable and are randomly audited to keep up with our standards.
They’ll also arrive dressed in business attire so your customers are impressed.
Tracking Costs and Performance Metrics
We customize cost and performance metrics for your business. Not only do we keep track of dispatch time to driver, how many on-time deliveries we’ve made, and order accuracy, but we also give you detailed reports that show orders by service level, time of day, geography, and unit levels.
Your account manager will go over these details with you and help you with new solutions to adapt to your growing business.
Top-Of-The-Line Technology
We use enterprise delivery systems that allow you to track your packages in real-time through GPS tech. We also use bar code scanning for a strict chain of custody.
In addition, we provide you with an easy-to-use online portal where you can place orders and keep track of them.
Get Your Products to Their Destinations Quickly With Mobile One Courier
If you’re scaling your business and would like to get your products to your customers more efficiently, then you’ll need our commercial courier service. It’s easy to work with us and we’ve got competitive prices. Not to mention, we also have several types of services available to suit our customers’ needs.
So stop trying to make deliveries on your own or with your limited staff. Entrust your packages with Mobile One Courier and see your business soar!
Would you like to learn more about our services? Then contact us now to get more information about our Roanoke courier service. We’ve got over 20 years of experience behind us.
- 24/7 Dispatch Center
- Continual Monitoring of Courier Progress & Performance
- Routing
- Coordination With ClientsMore than a week after spotting three nestlings bursting at the rusty seams of their cornice nest, and then, later that same day, a female at close range on 5th Avenue, I was only seeing a total of three American Kestrels in the ‘hood. Two males and one female. I presumed it was the parents and one male fledgling.
Then, late in the day this past Sunday, I came home from some tacos and margaritas to spot three females in close proximity on the car service antenna and cell phone towers that overlook the block where the nest is.
Two extra females and one extra male add up to three youngsters in a family of five, assuming both parents are still around.
So long as the fledglings are receiving food from the parents, both will bring food. Once the weaning process begins the adult female is likely to depart. It makes sense in that she has a serious recuperation to achieve. Making babies can be very costly to the female. Depending upon diet, she will lose calcium from bones and protein from muscles to produce eggs. She will also preferentially feed the young before and instead of herself if times get bad enough. The male provides much if her nutrition while she is tending eggs or young, but she does go out a couple times a day for a hunt, some water and to poop. I good times her losses are minimal, but when prey is scarce the male can’t catch meals which aren’t there to replace her missed quarry. Fortunately, this is New York. House Sparrows abound, water is plentiful and it’s a great place to be an American Kestrel.We If you are intrigued in any of our merchandise or would like to examine a possible get, remember to truly feel free of charge to get in touch with us. – EPG Team the most significant agricultural gearbox and pto manufacturing facility in China with five distinct branches. For much more information: Cellular/whatsapp/telegram/Kakao us at: 0086-13083988828
EPG specializing in the manufacture of rotocultivator ploughshares and other non-standardized farm equipment slicing resources. EPG Transmission provides effectiveness and convenience to the agriculture industry. Our totally automated transmissions produce the performance and maneuverability that you need to have in off-street procedure, especially in challenging environments.
ept Related Paddy Rice Wheat Merge Harvester Agricultural Machine For Sale in India
Product Parameters
Merchandise Details
Our Rewards
Application
Packaging & Transport
1. Q: What is the guarantee of your agricultural devices?
A: 1 yr promise for whole equipment ( apart from swift-dress in areas ), engine and gear box.
2. Q: Are there any optional components for your combine harvesters ?
A: Yes, optional elements this kind of as rubber track measurement, grain tank and sort of grain unloading.
3. Q: How long is your shipping and delivery time ?
A: Typically it takes 15-20 times to provide right after your deposit receipt or L/C at sight.
4. Q: How a lot of harvesters can be loaded in one container ?
A: (one) 20 Ft Container masses:
For combine harvester:
1 established 4LZ-4./four.five
For Energy Tiller: 18 sets GN12 twenty sets M80
For Spare Elements: fifteen-18 tons
(two) 40 High Dice Container Masses:
For Mix Harvester:
3 sets 4LZ-4./4.5
For Electrical power Tiller: 40 sets GN12 fifty sets M80
For Spare Components: 30-35 tons
five. Q: What is the payment phrase ?
A: Irrevocable L/C at sight or thirty% T/T in progress and balance towards B/L copy.
six. Q: What is the after-income service ?
A: Every single yr we ship our engineer and following-services people to local market to support our sales agent for employees education, advertising, advertising and marketing, sustaining and repairing the equipment throughout the harvesting time.
7. Q: Is OEM or ODM provider satisfactory ?
A: OEM services is no issue, if you have any particular demands about the equipment, make sure you kindly advise us, our engineering office will research and supply you the suited solution.
The use of unique gear manufacturer’s (OEM) element quantities or trademarks , e.g. CASE® and John Deere® are for reference purposes only and for indicating item use and compatibility. Our organization and the shown replacement parts contained herein are not sponsored, accredited, or manufactured by the OEM.Nitrogen, achemical facet with the prize Si and atomic number 14, is a colorless liquid,gas, or solid. At normal temperature and pressure, two atoms of nitrogen bind togetherto type colorless and odorless dinitrogen (N2) gas. N2 forms about 78% that the earth’s atmosphere which renders it the most abundant uncombined facet on the earth"ssurface.
You are watching: How many valence electrons does nitrogen
In chemicallaboratory, dinitrogen have the right to be all set by treating an aqueous equipment ofammonium chloride and also sodium nitrite.
NH4Cl + NaNO2→ N2+ NaCl + 2 H2O
You are here toknow valence electrons of the nitrogen atom, aren’t you? Don’t worry in addition to nitrogenvalence electrons us will describe its valency also. But before that let’s havesome straightforward ideas around what these two terms are:
Difference BetweenValence Electrons and also Valency
Valence electronsare the total variety of electrons present in the outermost covering of one atom(i.e. In outermost orbital). The valence electrons because that a neutral atom arealways definite, it can not be differed (more or less) in any kind of condition because that aparticular atom and may or may not be same to its valency.
Valency is definedas the total number of electrons an atom can lose, gain, or share at the timeof bond formation to obtain a stable electronic configuration i.e. To complete anoctet. The valency of one atom deserve to be change in different compounds or chemicalreactions because of the different bonding circumstances. Most of the time valencyvaries/changes early to adjust in oxidation and also reduction states.
Nitrogen (N)Valence Electrons
There are foursimple steps to find out the valence electrons because that nitrogen atom which are:
Step 1: discover theAtomic Number
To find out theatomic number of nitrogen, we can use the periodic table. V the help of theperiodic table, we can conveniently see that the atomic variety of nitrogen is 7. Asits atomic number is 7, it has actually 7 protons, and also for neutral nitrogen, the numberof protons is constantly equal to the number of electrons i.e. Has actually 7 electrons inits nucleus.
Step 2: WriteElectron Configuration
Electronconfiguration is the setup of electrons on the orbitals. The nitrogenatom has actually a complete of 7 electron so, we have to put 7 electron in orbitals. Theelectrons will certainly be inserted can be found from the highest variety of principlequantum number which are expressed in the hatchet of n, and in
Step 4: FindValence Electrons
The total number ofelectrons existing in the valence shell of one atom are called valence electrons,and there room a complete of 5 electrons current in the valence covering of nitrogen(2s22p3). Thus,nitrogen has 5 valence electrons.
Valency that Nitrogen(N)
There room manydifferent methods to find out the valency of one atom which reflects the capability ofan atom to bond with other atoms. Valence explains how conveniently an atom or afree radical can incorporate with other chemical species. The valency of one atom isdetermined based on the number of electrons lost, gained, or shared withanother atom at the time of bond formation.
An atom is said tobe stable as soon as its outermost shells have eight electrons (except H & He).If the total variety of electrons in outermost shells is between one to four,the atom has actually positive valency and if electron are between four come eight, thevalency is calculated by subtracting from eight and valency will be zero. Atomshaving four outermost electrons own both confident and an unfavorable valency, andatoms having eight outermost electrons, valency will be zero (i.e. Noblegases).
Elements prefer nitrogencan with the secure state (nearest inert gas construction
Note: Basically, the valency the nitrogen is 5 however it walk not have actually d subshell so that the valencyreduces to 3 from 5. Because that example, phosphorous pentachloride (PCl5) have the right to exist asphosphorus has actually d-orbitals yet nitrogen pentachloride (NCl5) cannot exist. Althoughnitrogen has 5 valence electrons just a maximum of three can take parts inbond development
In an additional sense, anitrogen atom can kind a maximum of 3 covalent binding in chemistry bonding (Forexample: NH3, NCl3, etc.), and also that what valency is, the maximum ability to formbonds through atoms at the time of chemical reactions.
We can also findthe valency the nitrogen with the aid of the regular table. Together nitrogenbelongs to team 15 (5A or VA) in addition to nonmetal phosphorus (P), themetalloids arsenic (As) and antimony (Sb), and also the steel bismuth (Bi). This group facets are likewise called pnictogens. Every these aspects have a valency the 3.
Clarification:Valence electrons and also valency space two different aspects. Valence electrons mean total electrons current in the outermost covering of the element i.e. In the instance of nitrogen , the valence electrons room 5.
See more: Where Does The Last Name Vasquez Come From, Vasquez Last Name Origin
But valency is the combining volume of an element at the time of chemical bonding. So that valency cannot be an unfavorable or positive, the is just a number value between 0 come 7. In the situation of nitrogen, valency is 3.When we think of Colwyn Bay today, we don’t think of vital historic events in August 1399, when a King of England, Richard II, was captured. This fact led to his deposition, imprisonment and suspiciously convenient death…culminating in the rise of the House of Lancaster in the form of his usurping first cousin, Henry… Continue reading The denouement at Penmaenhead in 1399….
Tag: Terry Jones
Lancastrians unfairly condemn another King Richard (Part II)….
This article Lancs Live article is Part Two of a three-part series concerning the history of the House of Lancaster, which we reviewed earlier. Almost at the beginning (well, three short paragraphs in) I found “…. Edward II whose piety could not make up for his lack of leadership….” Piety? Edward II? Well, he… Continue reading Lancastrians unfairly condemn another King Richard (Part II)….
A… Continue reading A hitherto unknown fact about Henry VII….!
Terry Jones’ opinion of Richard III….… Continue reading Terry Jones’ opinion of Richard III….
The… Continue reading The truth about Prince Arthur, Prince Henry, and Katherine of Aragon….?
Two… Continue reading Two Richards, one fate….On the first night of the Ferguson riots, DeAndre Joshua, a friend of Dorian Johnson who was a witness to the Michael Brown shooting, was shot dead and his body burned, just yards from where Michael Brown was shot and killed by Darren Wilson.
The Washington Post reports:
Ferguson, Mo., police discovered a man’s body in a white Pontiac parked not far from where an unarmed black teenager was fatally shot by a police officer in August.
The man was 20-year-old Deandre Joshua. His body — found the morning after a grand jury declined to indict Darren Wilson — had been burned.
….
While many people claimed that Joshua was a grand jury witness, those allegations are false.
Joshua was shot in the head and an accelerant was applied to his body to light him on fire. Police said that the fire went out on its own and Joshua suffered burns to his arm, fingers and both legs.
All indications were that Joshua was a “good kid, not into drugs” and was employed at Wal-Mart.
St. Louis Police Chief Jon Belmar was questioned regarding whether or not Joshua’s murder was linked to the rioting in Ferguson.
According to The Guardian, Belmar said, “I imagine there is a nexus.”
Belmar also said that the rioting and looting were “much worse” in the second round than in the aftermath of the shooting.
Many have questioned if the murder was in retaliation to the grand jury testimony. At this point, only speculation exists as to who killed Joshua and for what reason. Police are still investigating.
If you will recall, the rioting began at almost the same time as Barack Obama’s address, in which he incited more racial division, which he later followed up with targeting what he alleged to be “racist” police officers.
If someone had stopped the race baiters and provocateurs, including these paramilitary police starting fires in Ferguson, perhaps a lot of private property and the life of DeAndre Joshua would have been.With Captian Black Gold pipe tobacco, you can enjoy either with no compromise in taste or quality. Indeed, our flavors are designed for your comfort: mild soothes the throat as it leaves behind a luscious room aroma; double apple calms those looking for that soothing sensation while continuing to provide an excellent flavor punch; golden offers those seeking complexity in each inhalation with an agreeable balance of creamy sweetness on the exhale.
Description
Captain Black Gold is the perfect tobacco for your high end quality pipe. Our deep, smoky taste make it even better for those extra atmospheric nights you might want to have with a bit of dramatization or flair. Captain Black can be found at any major grocery store near you ready to enjoy and savor with a little indulgence!On this day in 1971, Conway Twitty and Loretta Lynn teamed up for the most popular song in the country with “After The Fire Is Gone.” The song was released as the only single from the LP We Only Make Believe. “After The Fire Is Gone” was the first number one on the U.S. country chart for Lynn and Twitty as a duo.Medical) systems to increase the efficiency and safety of the healthcare. It also can assist the specialists of medical device to overcome crucial issues related to medical devices, and the challenges facing the design of the medical device's network. The concept of the social networking and its security along with the concept of the wireless sensor networks (WSNs) are addressed. Afterward, the CPS systems and platforms have been established, where more focus was directed toward CPS-based healthcare. The big data framework of CPSs is also included.
Content:
Title:
Items in the repository are protected by copyright, with all rights reserved, unless otherwise indicated.
Edit CommentKeep up to date with all the latest Cool Bali Villa’s Blogs
What’s so special about our Kejora Villas?
What’s so special about our Kejora Villas?
Our Kejora Villas are located in a peaceful beachfront complex in Sanur on the East coast of Bali…… It occupies an enviable position in central Sanur where there are just sixteen private Villas.
Arie’s famous Corn Fritters
For those of you missing the taste of Bali, here is Arie’s Corn Fritter recipie
The prettiest time of the year – Galungan and Kuningan
I love this time in the Balinese Calendar, the streets are decked with colourful penjors outside each home. The penjors, a bamboo pole, are all individually decorated with natural materials, some simple whilst others are stunning. Each once containing a special place...
Relax you’ve booked a Cool Bali Villa
Your friends have told you about their amazing experience during their Bali Villa holiday and you’ve decided that you would like that for your next trip.
First the monsters then the silence – the uniqueness that is Nypie Day in Bali
The
Solemen – The Team Bringing Hope to the Forgotten
I...
Tell me about the weather in Bali
This...
Top 10 Restaurants for Dinner in Sanur
A...
A Bali Beach for Everyone
For me there is nothing quite like a beach on the Indian ocean, warm tropical seas, coconut palms swaying in the breeze and consistent temperatures day and night. Bali not only has these three key elements, but it also has the world-famous surf breaks and...
Kejora Villas, Sanur, Splendid One Day, Even Better The Next...
Bali Accommodation – Spoiled for Choice
First time to Bali?
You’ve probably already done your research and you know what part of the Island you want to stay at and visit.
Your next decision will be probably deciding what is the right accommodation choice for your travel group?
Your accommodation choices in Bali are huge....Insurance broker Gallagher today announced that North West-based Bollington Insurance will be rebranded as Gallagher from next Monday, 4 October. The rebrand completes the full integration programme of the insurance broker into Gallagher, which acquired the business in February 2021.
The purchase of Bollington saw Gallagher take on 420 new employees and 230,000 business and personal insurance customers. It added a significant North West presence to Gallagher’s existing UK nationwide office network, with offices across the area, including its headquarters in Sale.
Gallagher is one of the world’s largest insurance brokerage, risk management and consulting firms, serving corporate, commercial and personal customers across the UK.
Clients will continue to have the same day-to-day contacts at Bollington, who understand their individual business and insurance requirements, but will benefit from the global scale of Gallagher, its expertise across 32,000 employees worldwide, 5,000 of which are based in the UK, plus increased product choice and buying power.
Chris Patterson, North West Regional Managing Director at Gallagher, said: “This is an exciting chapter for our organisations, our people, and our clients as we unify the businesses under a shared identity. This will cement Gallagher’s position as one of the largest insurance brokers in the North West, and open up more opportunities for growth in the region.
“Both Gallagher and Bollington have always prided themselves on being embedded in the communities they serve as a trusted advisor to local firms. Now, as one business, this commitment to providing a local, personal service, backed by global expertise and resources, makes Gallagher well placed to look after the insurance and risk management needs of North West-based organisations.”
Michael Rea, CEO of Gallagher’s UK Retail Division, said: “We are very pleased to reach this key milestone, having acquired Bollington in February. We knew from our very first interactions that Bollington would be a great fit with Gallagher and by bringing our brands, teams and expertise together, clients will benefit from broader knowledge, products and access to markets.
“We are committed to investing in our team in the North West, as part of our UK wide network, and we look forward to adding further capability to Bollington’s existing specialisms.”person_pin DescriptionI want to feel desirable again. Recently I felt that I have been alone for too long and I want to change that. I am keen to find the spark in me that seem to have snuffed out years ago. Time to stop feeling sorry for myself and find a young bloke to shag.
- Massage sex
- Blowjob
- Romantic
- Sex Toys
- Milf sex
- Granny sex
- Light Bondage
- Submissive sex
- Foot Fetish
- Small tits
- Dirty talk
- Fancy
RestWithHarmony is looking for
Gender
- Male
Sexuality
- StraightPress Release – LifeBooster Closes Investment Round to Extend Technology Lead, Introduce Smart Work Gear
W. L. Gore & Associates invests in LifeBooster to forge a new era in smart safety apparel for industrial workers worldwide
VANCOUVER, BC, Aug. 24, 2021 /PRNewswire/ — LifeBooster today announced the closing of an investment round from local, international, and strategic investors, including W. L. Gore & Associates, Inc. (“GORE”). The investment will enable LifeBooster to extend their lead in connected worker risk analytics technology. As part of their investment, Gore will also embark on a multi-year plan with LifeBooster to introduce a line of co-branded smart workwear products that takes the assessment of injury risk and worker protection to an entirely new level of form, function, and value. #smarttextiles
Both companies bring unique qualities and capabilities to their collaboration. LifeBooster’s extensible cloud platform can assess multiple injury risks to workers in industrial environments simultaneously (motion, posture, thermal stress, and vibration), and further is able to process data from most any sensor-based source. Gore’s world-class GORE-TEX brand and expertise in high performance apparel, including workwear, is widely respected and well known.
#workplacesafety, #safetyscience
David Dillon, Leader of Gore’s Smart Apparel opportunity, speaking on why Gore made the investment says, “Our continued pursuit of smart apparel, which is a high-growth area of our business, is accelerated by this collaboration with LifeBooster. The company’s vision, experience, capabilities and values are a great match for Gore, and we are confident the products we bring to market will make a meaningful impact on reducing workplace injuries.”
Bryan Statham, Co-founder and CEO of LifeBooster reinforced Mr. Dillon’s point of view by saying, “This investment and collaboration with Gore represents a major milestone in the development of LifeBooster; it validates the work and commitment our team has made to improve the health and safety of billions of workers worldwide. The LifeBooster team knows that we could not have engaged a better partner for this exciting new stage of our journey. Together with Gore, we’ll deliver the very best safety products and services to market and strengthen our core mission of ensuring workers get home safe every day.”
Industry analysts are uniform in their assessment for growth in the smart apparel or e-textiles business, estimates range from a 19-29% CAGR through 2030. Smart apparel aligns to the trend toward the digital enterprise and offers numerous ease of operation advantages over traditional wearable attachment methods. LifeBooster and Gore will announce their first product to market in the near future. Parties interested in receiving this announcement can send a request to info@lifebooster.ca.
#riskmanagement
About LifeBooster
LifeBooster is a risk analytics company. Our connected worker platform, Senz™ delivers all-in- one assessments on repetitive strain (motion), thermal (heat stress), posture, and vibration risks using small, lightweight wearable sensors purpose-built by us resulting in an outstanding return on investment per risk assessment. We optimize risk reduction in the workplace by innovating sensor technology, smart garments, data science and business methods for safety professionals and enterprise teams. LifeBooster Senz is architected for the new digital enterprise and supports businesses of any size and the essential workers they employ across all sectors of the industrial economy to ensure their teams get home safe every day.An Illustrated history of Los Angeles County, California. Book on Demand Ltd..! For defects or problems caused before receipt of an item we will of course provide full instructions on how to return the item to us. The item “An Illustrated history of Los Angeles County, California, Publishing, Lewis” is in sale since Wednesday, February 26, 2020. This item is in the category “Books & Magazines\Books”. The seller is “awesomebooksusa” and is located in NY. This item can be shipped worldwide.
- Format: PF
- Language: ENG
- Author: Publishing, Lewis
- Publisher: Book on Demand Ltd.
- PublishedOn: 2014-05
Mist Covering Ballard Downs and Old Harry in Swanage. Looking north from the south side of Swanage bay. The day had been grey cold and wet, must be a bank holiday then. Getting close to sunset the sky started to crack and show signs that there may be a glimpse of a sunset but the mist was beginning to come down over Ballard when I looked from home. I decided that I would go to the boat park near the new Lifeboat Station and see if I could capture a photograph of the mist instead. Low spring tides expose the Berry but it was rapidly vanishing with the flood tide. I spied this rock on the edge of the sea and decided to capture the splash.
Rewarded with not only the mist but a splash as well.
Don’t forget to check out the Gallery for my other work.Hong Kong Digest – Updated on Mar 03, 2009 – Ming Pao Daily
Surge of tobacco duties by 50 per cent recently has led to the re-emergence of “electronic cigarettes” for sale on the internet. Claiming the product to be tax and tar â but not nicotine â free, a vendor said stocks of “electronic cigarettes” had been sold out since many smokers were turning to the product for financial reasons. He said the “smokeless” cigarettes contained no tobacco and could be used indoors without violating the law. The Department of Health declined to comment if internet advertising of “electronic cigarettes” was against the law.Nuchal Translucency 8.7mm
Hello. I am 33 yo and recently had my nuchal translucency done. The measurement showed up originally as 6.0mm then I was referred to MFM and they rescanned the next day and it showed 8.7mm. I just took the Materniti21 test.
I am wondering has anyone had a score this high and delivered a healthy baby? Are my chances of having a healthy baby there?
Thank you so much!!
Did they give you any odds of carrying a child with T21? There are tons of false positives, so you absolutely can end up having a very healthy baby. I just had the Verifi test based on bad blood work and everything came back normal. While that is a really high measurement, nothing is ever certain at this stage. The hardest part will be the waiting. Good luck to you and your baby!!!
- Mine was about thesame Rabism. I took the panorama ( Natera) test that has never had false positives for t21 and it came back some couple of weeks ago high risk DS. I did amnio and confirmed that my little boy has DS. My husband and I have decided to terminate because of many reasons people may not understand. Am 30 and I pray I would have more. I plan to plant a tree for my little Samuel. I wish you the very bet. I've read several posts of people who has such high NT but ended up with a healthy baby
- I go to a perinatologist due to age and they said they don't even do the NT scan without doing materniti21 since there it is not an accurate thing to use and causes unnecessary stress in mothers. I have read though that the higher it is the more risk there is for something being "wrong".
- My initial nuchal fold was 3.5 and increased to over 6 at 14 weeks. I did give birth to a healthy baby... And she has Down syndrome .. But no health issues..
Babies with T21 can be healthy too!
Message me if you want to talk further
Joelle :)15 Basic Hair Care Tips That Make A Huge Difference To Its Health
split ends or frizzy hair isn’t a good look either. By paying just a little more attention, it’s not so hard to avoid these problems at all. Here are some healthy hair habits girls can follow.
How To Take Care Of Hair Naturally
Hair Care Tip No.1– Train your hair to be washed as least often as possible. As a general idea, this should be between 2-7 days. Stick towards the longer range of the spectrum unless you’ve been dealt with a particularly oily scalp.
Hair Care Tip No.2– Coming from common sense, always brush or comb from the bottom up to ensure the least breakage.
Hair Care Tip No.3– Gravitate towards sulfate-free shampoos and conditioners, unless your hair requires extreme cleansing.
Hair Care Tip No.4– Aim to get regular trims for a minimum of every four months.
Hair Care Tip No.5– Apply nourishing hair products starting from the ends and work your way up (depending on your hair type).
Hair Care Tip No.6– If your roots are oily but lengths are dry, run a natural boar bristle brush to distribute the extra sebum. Yahoo life has got a slideshow featuring these incredible brushes at all price ranges.
Hair Care Tip No.7– Home remedies, especially homemade DIY masks are highly underrated (my favorite ingredients are rice water and egg) or you could also go for store-bought ones when you feel like it.
Hair Care Tip No.8– Drink a ton of water daily, this is good for maintaining your skin and nails as well. Not surprisingly, I’m sure you know this doesn’t just come under healthy hair habits, but a healthy lifestyle.
Hair Care Tip No.9– Take biotin or other hair supplements. (I’d recommend consulting with a doctor beforehand if you plan to take many) Best Women’s Supplements In 2020 has a list of commonly taken vitamins for beauty problems.
Hair Care Tip No.10– Refrain from brushing the hair when it’s wet. If doing so is absolutely necessary, use a wide-toothed comb.
Hair Care Tip No.11– Similar to the previous point, tying hair straight out of the shower isn’t a good idea. Instead, use a specially designed microfibre towel to keep it in place.
Hair Care Tip No.12– Try not to use excessive heat on your mane. If you must blow-dry, make sure to add a shot of cool air at the end. In all cases, use a good quality heat protectant.
Hair Care Tip No.13– Get metal-free hair elastics. Things like scrunchies or invisibobbles are also highly trending.
Hair Care Tip No.14– Consider using hair sunscreen, or hair products with broad-spectrum SPF. This tip can minimize drying time and fix dull hair.
Hair Care Tip No.15– Thoroughly massage your scalp and roots to stimulate hair growth. Don’t hesitate to experiment by doing it at different times, perhaps with oil or your head upside-down.
This is one of the healthy hair hacks that I use all the time and have mentioned in one of my posts as well. Click on the first link given below to read about it in detail.
I hope these hair tips and tricks have proved to be useful for you. Here are some related articles to check out if you’re interested:
Do This To Get Stronger, Thicker And Faster Hair Growth
How To Make Hair Less Greasy
Hair Ties You’ll Love To Workout In
One thought on “15 Basic Hair Care Tips That Make A Huge Difference To Its Health”The Panasonic ER15 ER1511, which will help you to avoid troubles in the future.
If you do not want to read brochures every time concerning a Panasonic ER1511 or other products, it is enough to read them once only - just after buying the device. You will then acquire basic knowledge to maintain Panasonic ER15 ER1511.
Once a year, clean the closet where you keep all your devices manuals and throw out the ones that you don't use. This will help you maintain order in your home base of manuals.
Operating Instructions A C/Rechargeable Prof essional Hair Clipper Model No . ER1511 Before oper ating this unit, please read these instructions completely and save them for future use .[...]
2 Thank you f or choosing a P anasonic Hair Clipper . Please read all instructions before use. Important Before use This clipper is designed for prof essional use to trim hair and beards. Charge it for 8 hours bef ore use f or the ﬁrst time in order to activate the b uilt‑in rechargeable batteries. It can be oper ated on either an AC adaptor or[...]
3 knowledge, unless they ha ve been giv en supervision or instruction concer ning use of the appliance by a person responsib le for their saf ety . Children should be supervised to ensure that they do not play with the appliance . Nev er tamper with moving par ts. A void gr abbing the clipper by the po wer cord, as it may become detached, causing d[...]
4 Charge Charging the hair c lipper 1 1 Connect the power cor d to the charging stand. 2 2 Slide the power s witch to “0·CHARGE”. 3 3 Plug in the A C adaptor into a household outlet and place the clipper on the c harging stand. Charge status ( ) lamp glows and charging starts. Charging is completed when Charge status ( ) lamp blinks . (Max. 1 [...]
5 About the LED display While charging After charging is completed 10 minutes after charging is completed HIGH MID LOW HIGH MID LOW HIGH MID LOW glows. “HIGH”, “MID” or “LOW” blinks. • blinks once ev ery second. blinks once e very 2 seconds. “HIGH/MID/LOW” go out. • While using HIGH MID LOW “HIGH” blinks ‑ The batter y cap[...]
6 Cut Using the hair clipper T ur n the dial clockwise or countercloc kwise to adjust the moving blade bac k and forth to get the desired height. Adjustable in 5 stages from 0.8 mm to 2.0 mm in 0.3 mm steps without attachments. The actual cut length may be longer than the set length. Using the comb attachments 1. Select the trimming heights indicat[...]
7 Care Blade maintenance Removing and mounting the b lade Removing the blade 1. Hold the clipper with the switch facing upward and push the blade with y our thumb while catching the blade in y our other hand. Be sure to turn off the power before y ou remov e the blade. • Mounting the blade 1. Set the dial to “2.0”. 2.0 2. Fit the mounting hoo[...]
8 Cleaning the blade 1. Brush off any hairs fr om the clipper and from ar ound the blade. 2. Remove the blade and brush off the hairs from the blade edge. 3. Brush the hairs out from between the stationary blade and the moving b lade while pressing down on the cleaning le ver to raise the moving blade. Lubrication 1. Apply a few dr ops of the oil t[...]
9 Removing the b uilt‑in rechargeable batteries 1. Remov e the blades 1 and f our screws 2 . 2. Remov e the spring 3 , the under cover 4 , and the b lade holder 5 . 3. Remov e the dial 6 and open the housing 7 , and then take out two batteries 8 . Disconnect the clipper from a household outlet. Discharge the batteries completely before removing t[...]
F EN Printed in Japan ER971015111H Y0710‑0 Panasonic Electric Works Co., Ltd.[...]
As you can see, in the manual you will find information that will really help you use your product. It is good to get acquainted with it to avoid disappointments resulting from a shorter exploitation time of the product Panasonic ER1511 than expected. However, if you cannot be convinced to collect manuals at your home, our website will provide you with help. You should find here the manuals for most of your devices, including Panasonic ER1511.Process Development Engineer (m/f)
- R. Max Grundig, 4705 Braga, Portugal
- Full-time
- Legal Entity: Bosch Car Multimedia Portugal.
Job Description
Your contribution to something big:
- Responsible for process development of PCB Modules for Bosch Automotive Business;
- Responsible to define and standardize the concept and process flow for PCB modules;
- Stablish a SE (Simultaneous Engineering) network with different HW development teams;
- Support on PCB Modules Make or Buy decisions for acquisitions of new projects;
- Support on value stream calculations with different product teams;
- Define all process parameters in cooperation with industrialization teams;
- Define quality acceptance criteria according international standards (IPC, JEDEC, etc…);
- Define design rules in cooperation with layout teams;
- Enhance process continuous improvement activities;
- Perform process capacity studies for new technologies;
- Perform risk assessments of implementation of changes to products and processes.
Qualifications
What distinguishes you:
- Master Degree in engineering;
- 3 years experience (preferably in the automotive industry);
- Knowledge in SMT Soldering Process is desirable;
- Past experience in Project management will be considered as a plus;
- Experience in project methodologies such as 6 sigma, design of experiments, etc…
- Experience using statistical analysis methods and softwares;
- Problem solving ability;
- Analytical mindset with focus on big data;
- Good communication and team leading skills;
- Able to work autonomously and remove any obstacles;
- Experience creating and presenting technical documentations;
- Results and quality orientation;
- Critical and creative spirit;
- Lean Agile mindset;
- Availability to travel;
- Very good spoken and written!Ha Sungwoon and NU’EST‘s Minhyun (both formerly of Wanna One) once got a little too close for comfort and it doesn’t seem like they’ll be forgetting anytime soon.
Minhyun explained that when Wanna One all lived in a dorm together, their manager bought them all the same toothbrush in different colors.
When his toothbrush was wet one day after Sungwoon used the bathroom, he assumed that it was only wet because Sungwoon dropped it and washed it off. He must be a nice guy.
However, he noticed it was wet again the next day and asked Sungwoon if he knew the gray one was his.
Isn’t that mine?
— Sungwoon
As if that wasn’t disgusting enough, Minhyun reveals another TMI piece of information.
When I brush my tongue I use the tongue cleaner. But Sungwoon brushes his tongue [with the toothbrush] until he almost vomits.
— Minhyun
In the end, the two realized they shared a toothbrush for almost two days…
Just when we thought these two couldn’t get any closer!
Watch the full hilarious story below.North Carolina hospital network fires around 175 staffers for not getting vaccinated
A large North Carolina hospital network said Tuesday that it has fired nearly 200 workers for failing to get vaccinated against Covid-19.
Dr. David H. Priest, chief for safety for Novant Health, said at a briefing that about 175 staffers did not comply with the system's vaccination deadline.
"By doing that, by not getting vaccinated, they voluntarily resign," Priest said.
The departures will not affect staffing at the hospital system of over 35,000 employees, Priest said, because the hospital has been using temporary staff members throughout the pandemic to make up for shortages because of staff members who have fallen ill with Covid.
Novant Health, a not-for-profit health care system with headquarters in Winston-Salem, operates over 15 medical centers and numerous other facilities in North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia.
Priest said one "datapoint that remains stagnant" is how Covid is disproportionally hospitalizing the unvaccinated at Novant Health's facilities.
"As of this morning, 97 percent of our patients with Covid-19 in our ICUs, 98 percent of Covid patients on ventilators right now are unvaccinated," Priest said. "This continues to be a pandemic of the unvaccinated — there are occasionally breakthrough cases, but you can still see that vaccines are holding up."
In a statement, Novant Health said staff members who obtained religious or medical exemptions will be required to use additional protective equipment and submit to weekly coronavirus testing.
"We are thrilled that the vast majority of team members gave Novant Health’s patients and visitors, as well as our team members, better protection against COVID-19 regardless of where they are in our health system," Novant Health said in a statement.
Priest said "it is OK" if a small number of people are upset about the requirement.
"We have been in a deadly pandemic for 19 months, there are 680,000 Americans who have died, and we cannot contribute to that number a single time. One is too many," he said.
President Joe Biden announced new vaccination mandates this month affecting federal workers and contractors, as well as Medicaid and Medicare providers — including hospitals — after vaccination rates lagged following a spring peak.
The firings at Novant Health represent one of the largest staff departures since hospitals began requiring vaccinations this year.
In Houston, over 150 people resigned or were fired in June because of the Houston Methodist hospital system's vaccine requirement.
Six people were fired at RWJBarnabas Health in New Jersey in June for vaccination noncompliance.CLEAN EATING
What is it?
The issue with “clean eating” is that it means something different to every person – there is no consistency. For the most part, it means following a diet that includes only whole foods, or “real” foods — those that are minimally processed, refined, and handled, making them as close to their natural form as possible. These foods are labelled as “clean” foods. Any foods that are not classified as “clean” are considered “dirty” or “bad” and can include grains, sugar, alcohol, sauces, ice-cream, chocolate, cakes, burgers, pizzas, etc. Some “clean eaters” include a “cheat meal” which allows them to eat these foods once a week.
Benefits:
1. Eating whole, unprocessed “clean” foods can avoid high levels of trans fats, excessive sugar and others chemicals known to cause health issues.
2. The food/meal options are usually simple and are made up of a few ingredients (chicken breast, brown rice, broccoli), which make adjusting calorie intake/macronutrient quantities easier.
3. The repetitive nature of most clean eating diet plans can be easy for people to prepare in advance and follow.
Potential Problems:
1. Excluding certain foods/food groups for no valid reason can lead to nutrient deficiencies.
2. Eating the same food every day with minimal variety can cause food intolerances.
3. Restrictive diets may lead to antisocial behaviour and social anxiety. Excluding certain foods/food groups coupled with eating “allowed” foods on a specific schedule can make eating out at restaurants and social occasions very difficult.
4. Restriction and complete avoidance of certain foods or food groups often leads to intense cravings which results in binging. This is referred to as “cheating” and can carry with it feelings of guilt and failure. People find themselves in trapped in a binge-cheat cycle which often leads to serious eating disorders and self-loathing.
5. Most people do not track calorie intake and just “eat clean”. Yes, they often lose fat at first due to replacing higher calorie foods with low calorie options, but eventually their progress stalls. They often fail to realise that unless you create a caloric deficit, you won’t lose weight. Telling someone that they should never focus on calories and only focus on food quality often traps them in a sense of false security.
FLEXIBLE DIETING
What is it?
‘Flexible Dieting’ is simply the tracking of macronutrients (protein, carbohydrate and fat) to achieve a body composition goal. The focus is on meeting these daily targets, and not so much on what foods you eat to get there, however, it is recommended that you get at least 80% of your daily calories from healthy (micronutrient dense) foods and use the other 20% for “treats” or foods with less nutritious profiles. It allows yourself to enjoy your favourite foods in moderation without the accompanying feelings of remorse or guilt.
Benefits:
1. Flexible dieting does not label foods as “clean” or “dirty” and allows you to eat a greater variety of foods. This makes developing nutrient deficiencies and food intolerances less likely.
2. The flexibility that this approach allows increases long-term compliance and progress. Various studies have demonstrated a relationship between flexible dieting practices and the relative absence of over eating.
3. Flexible dieting reduces social restriction and anxiety by allowing you to eat out at restaurants/social occasions.
Potential Problems:
1. Although mainly a concern with extremist versions of IIFYM diets, solely counting macros and calories while ignoring other aspects of what constitutes a healthful diet (ie. the biological value of different protein sources) is a potential disadvantage.
2. Although flexible dieting allows for greater flexibility, preparing complex recipes, eating restaurant meals, and constantly changing food choices can make tracking your intake difficult.
3. You may need to limit your portions of certain (delicious) foods such as ice cream and pizza according to your daily intake, which can be difficult for some people who are stuck in a “cheat meal” mentality.
SO WHICH IS BETTER?
Firstly, changes in body composition ONLY happen as a result of your total calorie, protein, carb and fat intake. They don’t happen as a result of the specific food sources that provide those calories and macronutrients, nor do they happen as a result of the specific manner they are consumed in. By counting calories alone you can determine how much food you need to consume to either lose or gain weight, according to your goals. However, by tracking the individual macronutrients that make up these calories, you can target FAT loss or MUSCLE gain, not just WEIGHT loss or gain. This is why tracking macros is far superior to just counting calories for improving body composition.
Flexible dieting, when done properly, is a liberating approach for anyone who wants to improve their body composition without having to eat a restrictive diet made up of a limited number of “clean foods”, that are to be prepared in a certain way and that must be eaten at precise times throughout the day. If you can progress while eating a balanced diet that includes your favourite foods and is structured around your lifestyle then you are more likely to continue to be able to follow it long-term and achieve the results you desire! I like to eat nutritious foods 90% of the time and use the remainder for some dessert or meals out on the weekend. It really is about finding what works for you. At the end of the day, the most effective diet is a sustainable diet.
Want to learn more about this approach to nutrition? Sign up to my mailing list or contact me! Ready to try this approach to nutrition for yourself? Check out my custom nutrition plans and let’s get started!Research into ecological status and the degree of heavy metal concentration in the waters of the Drenica river (Kosovo)
- Details
- Category: Content №4 2021
- Last Updated on 23 August 2021
- Published on 30 November -0001
- Hits: 2519
Authors:
M.Sadiku, orcid.org/0000-0002-9387-8124, Faculty of Food Technology, Department of Technology, UMIB, Mitrovica, the Republic of Kosovo, e-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
S.Kadriu, orcid.org/0000-0001-6223-3342, Faculty of Food Technology, Department of Technology, UMIB, Mitrovica, the Republic of Kosovo, e-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
M.Kelmendi, orcid.org/0000-0001-7002-2406, Faculty of Food Technology, Department of Technology, UMIB, Mitrovica, the Republic of Kosovo, e-mail: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
D.Ibishi, orcid.org/0000-0001-9307-1518, Faculty of Food Technology, Department of Technology, UMIB, Mitrovica, the Republic of Kosovo,89 - 095
Abstract:
Purpose. To reflect the impact of discharge waters from the ferronickel smelter and surface lignite mining on the pollution of the Drenica River with heavy metals. According to our estimation, the effect of mining on the river pollution is undeniable.
Methodology. The standard methods ISO 5667-6, ISO 5667-11, and ISO 5667-1.3 were used to determine the physical and chemical parameters of the Drenica River surface water. The EPA-3015A method was applied for sample preparation, while the AAS (Atomic Absorption Spectrophotometry) measurement technique was used to determine the concentration of heavy metals. Standard ISO methods were applied for determining the following parameters: pH, DO, BOD5, COD, NNH4, NO3-, TN, PO4P, and TP.
Findings. From the obtained results, it can be concluded that the levels of heavy metals in the river Drenica have exceeded the allowed values as a result of industrial activities.
Originality. The paper supplies new additional information on the ecological status of the Drenica River, based on samples taken along the river, especially where the greatest impact of the ferronickel smelter and surface lignite mining could be. The problematic of this research is quite contemporary; river pollution affects the life chain.
Practical value. We believe that the content and problems in the focus of the research are topical and present significant interest to all those who deal with environmental issues.
Keywords: Drenica River, pollution, urban and industrial discharges, ecological status, heavy metals
References.
1. Kadriu, S., Sadiku, M., Kelmendi, M., & Shala, A. (2021). The Impact of Polluting Sources on the PhysicalChemical Properties of Water in the Curved River in Kosovo. Journal of Environmental Treatment Techniques, 9(2), 368-374..
2. Wei, W., Ma, R., Sun, Z., Zhou, A., Bu, J., Long, X., & Liu, Y. (2018). Effects of Mining Activities on the Release of Heavy Metals (HMs) in a Typical Mountain Headwater Region, the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau in China. International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health, 15(9), 987..
3. Emmanuel, A.Y., Jerry, C.S., & Dzigbodi, D.A. (2018). Review of environmental and health impacts of mining in Ghana. Journal of Health and Pollution, 8(17), 43-52..
4. Leppnen, J.J., Weckstrm, J., & Korhola, A. (2017). Multiple mining impacts induce widespread changes in ecosystem dynamics in a boreal lake. Scientific Reports, 10581..
5. Halysh, V., Trus, I., Gomelya, M., Trembus, I., Pasalskiy, B., Chykun, N., Trokhymenko, G., & Remeshevska, I. (2020). Utilization of Modified Biosorbents Based on Walnut Shells in the Processes of Wastewater Treatment from Heavy Metal Ion. Journal of Ecological Engineering, 21(4), 128-133..
6. Kadriu, S., Sadiku, M., Kelmendi, M., & Sadriu, E. (2020). Studying the heavy metals concentration in discharged water from the Trepa Mine and flotation, Kosovo. Mining of Mineral Deposits, 14(4), 47-52..
7. Wang, Q.G., Dai, W.N., Zhao, X.H., Ding, F., Li, S.B., & Zhao, Y. (2019). Numerical model of thermal discharge from Laibin power plant based on Mike 21. Research of Environmental Sciences, 22(3), 332-336.
8. ISO 5667-6:2014 Water quality Sampling Part 6: Guidance on sampling of rivers and streams. 2014 Jul. Retrieved from.
9. ISO 5667-1:2006. Water quality Sampling Part 1: Guidance on the design of sampling programmes and sampling techniques. 2006. Dec.1. Retrieved from.
10. ISO 5667-3:2012. Water quality Sampling Part 3: Preservation and handling of water samples. 2012. Nov. 3. Retrieved from.
11. Rice, E.W., Baird, R.B., & Eaton, A.D. (2017). Standard Methods for the Examination of Water and Wastewater. American Public Health Association, American Water Works Association, Water Environment Federation. Retrieved from.
12. United States Environmental Protection Agency (2007). EPA Method 3015A:2007. Microwave Assisted Acid Digestion of Aqueous Samples and Extracts. Revision 1. Washington, DC. Retrieved from.
13. EPA Method 6020A (SW-846): Inductively Coupled Plasma-Mass Spectrometry. Revision 1. 2007 Feb. Retrieved from.
14. Wattage, P., & Soussan, J. (2003). Incorporating environmental value and externality in project evaluation as a sustainability indicator to evaluate Bangladesh water development. Water Resour Managament, 17(6), 429-446..
15. Administrative Instruction MESP-No. 16/2017 on Classification of Surface Water Bodies, was approve in the Government of the Republic of Kosovo with the decision No. 6526/17. 2017 Aug. Retrieved from.
16. Vlerat maksimale t lejuara pr disa metale t rnda n ujrat siprfaqsor sipas Dekretit Legjislativ 11 Maj 1999 nr.15232. Raport pr gjendjen e ujrave n Republikn e Kosovs, Ministria e Mjedisit dhe Planifikimit Hapsinor, Prishtin, 2015. Retrieved from.
17. Chehregani, A., & Malayeri, B.E. (2007). Removal of heavy metals by native accumulator plants. International Journal of Agriculture and Biology, 9(3), 462-465.
18. Kadriu, S., Sadiku, M., Kelmendi, M., Aliu, M., Mulliqi, I., & Hyseni, A. (2021). Impact of Kishnica mines on pollution of the Graanka River and water wells nearby, Kosovo. Journal of Water and Land Development, 48(13), 16-21..
19. MacFarlane, G.B., & Burchettt, M.D. (2000). Cellular distribution of copper, lead and zinc in the grey mangrove, Avicennia marina (Forsk.) Vierh. Aquatic Botany, 68(1), 45-59..
20. Malik, N., Biswas, A.K., Qureshi, T.A., Borana, K., & Virha, R. (2010). Bioaccumulation of heavy metals in fish tissues of a freshwater lake of Bhopal. Environmental Monitoring and Assessment, 160(1-4), 267-276..
21. Kadriu, S., Sadiku, M., Kelmendi, M., Mulliqi, I., Aliu, M., & Hyseni, A. (2019). Scale of Pollutions with Heavy Metals in Water and Sediment of River Ibr from Landfill in Kelmend, Kosovo. Mining Science, 26, 147-155..
Newer news items:
-
Older news items:
-Happy Birthday Acrylic TopperRegular price $14.00
If you're planning a birthday cake to let a loved one know just how special they are to you, then why not spell it out? With a Happy Birthday message created in gold glitter acrylic, this excellent cake topper is sure to give your baking an extra touch of shimmer and shine!
Gold glitter acrylic
Pack of 2
Pack dimensions: 7.5 x 7.5 x 0.625 inches
Ceramic Biscuit CutterRegular price $36.00Adria Airways Opens Summer Timetable with New Route
Ljubljana, 29 March - Slovenian flag carrier Adria Airways will add a new route to its timetable on Monday, when it start operating flights between Vienna and Munich. This is the second route that Adria will operate between two EU destinations in addition to its lucrative Vienna-Frankfurt flights. The summer timetable, which becomes effective on Sunday, also has an increased number of flights to extant destinations.MNA – Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif said that in continuation of its economic terrorism against the Iranian people, Washington has attempted to steal Iran’s property but it has failed.
In a Thursday tweet, right after report of releasing supertanker Grace 1 by Gibraltar, Zarif took to Twitter and wrote, “Having failed to accomplish its objectives through its Economic Terrorism—including depriving cancer patients of medicine— the US attempted to abuse the legal system to steal our property on the high seas.”
“This piracy attempt is indicative of Trump admin’s contempt for the law,” he highlighted.
Despite all US pressures, Gibraltar’s government released on Thursday the Iranian-operated supertanker, which was seized by British marines in the Strait of Gibraltar on July 4.
Earlier on Thursday, Gibraltar said that the US had applied to seize the Iranian-operated oil tanker after British media reported that the vessel’s release was imminent following a set of diplomatic exchanges between Tehran and London.
Late on Thursday, Iranian Foreign Minister Zarif reiterated that detention of Grace 1 was 100% ‘unlawful’. He referred to Iran’s London embassy letter to UK Foreign and Commonwealth office.
Zarif said the letter had “Protested the illegal detention of Grace1; Repeated public statements about destination; & Made it crystal clear that EU sanctions do NOT apply to Iran—a position shared by most Europeans.”
“Nothing changes the fact: detention was 100% unlawful,” he stressed.Archive
Posts Tagged ‘Toriko 102’
Toriko 102
July 15, 2010 Leave a comment
[chapter link]
[scanlation by Hi Wa Mata Noboru]
I’m not sure walking on water would suit Toriko very well.
Toriko can not only throw his knife, but has a 13-hit fork now, too. Excellent. …he’s still about to be crushed by Ichiryuu, though.
Leg fork and knife! Good stuff.
Great punchline for the “walking on water” subplot, with Toriko sent flying so hard that he skips across the surface of the sea.
A new job request for Toriko. This one should prove interesting, as it’s a different type of locale than anything previously explored in the series.
Final Flash: Like the best training arcs, short and sweet.
Categories: Weekly Shonen Jump Shimabukuro Mitsutoshi, Toriko, Toriko 102Students, parents and society need to take popular beliefs and assumptions about different fields of study with a grain of salt
Amid yet another crisis at home, one issue that worries me is how the education of younger generations is being affected. I’ve written about privatization and phony ideas about quality education that are making it increasingly difficult for the children of the vast majority of poor people to become successful on the basis of their talent and hard work alone. Rising cost of education is one of those forces that lead parents and students to ask the wrong questions about what to study and what career to pursue. So as they pursue higher education in the fog of crisis after crisis, how are members of Nepal’s young generation choosing what to study, what career to pursue?
Full article on Republica (Nov 17, 2015)
To begin with an analogy, at my five year old daughter’s kindergarten here in New York (yes, there are underlying similarities between Nepal and the US in this regard), the principal and another administrator from the school district presented on budget priorities in relation to the school’s mission. They told parents about the importance of investing in their children’s “college-readiness,” focusing on science, technology, engineering, and math (or STEM) areas. They justified the surprisingly high cost of the dancing robots they had just bought, wanted students to pay more attention to physics and biology, and they emphasized the importance of math.
I wasn’t impressed, and I shared my disappointment with the principal afterwards. I said that twelve, sixteen, or eighteen years down the road, university professors like me struggle to undo the damage done by superficial ideas about STEM as the field of all opportunities, as the means of all social progress. In a graduate-level writing course, for instance, I spend a lot of time trying (and often failing) to convince students that to be successful engineers and doctors, successful writing and communication in the professions involves far more than facts and correct language. Successful communication demands critical thinking, analyzing audiences and contexts, mastering many genres, drawing on the knowledge and skills from different disciplines, understanding politics and power in the profession and society. It involves a lot of “humanistic” skills. So, it is dangerous to fill five year olds’ minds with the idea that a focus on one artificial group of disciplines or another is key to success for a lifetime.
The argument that having a STEM degree will guarantee success is dangerous because the society and professions may radically change, some fields may become saturated soon, and others may need a new configuration of knowledge and skills. For instance, today’s professional engineers must handle a variety of communication tools, need management and leadership skills, must use sophisticated theoretical terms and frameworks, and may even need a philosophical mindset. So, in terms of cultivating interest in different areas of human knowledge (arts, sciences, languages, and society) it is wrong to tell five year olds what field will hold best promises even ten years down the road.
When the broader society, culture, technologies, and political climates change, single-minded and hyper-specialized individuals struggle to adapt—or simply fail. Many popular jobs (and often fields) in which we work today will no longer exist forty years from now, when today’s entry-level employees will be retiring. As educators, we must be aware that we may be preparing workers for jobs that do not yet exist and we can’t even imagine today. We have seen the rise and fall of disciplines. The English master’s degree, for instance, was pursued by more than two thousand people around 2006 when I last taught at Tribhuvan University; that discipline has sharply fallen in popularity today. Business Studies is still being marketed aggressively, but it may be oversold already. Other popular fields have given rise to unaccredited colleges, whose consequences students will suffer; yet other fields have fancy foreign names attached, with no quality of education involved. There is a gap between the reality of society/professions and status of many fields, so while the degrees are “hot cakes,” the graduates only have socially irrelevant knowledge. Fashions create blind spots.
Some disciplines like medicine don’t fluctuate over time that badly, but the inflated demand creates a variety of problems in those fields as well. High-demand fields tend to create hyper-specialization at lower and lower levels, with high school students starting to consider themselves engineers and scientists by choice—before they find out what fields out there may also be worth learning about first. But excessive demand also paradoxically increases the number of years that students must spend and money they must pay to complete the degrees—as it happens in medicine in Nepal and elsewhere today.
At the bachelor’s level, the situation is worse. In reality, when students complete high school (or twelfth grade), they are yet to build good foundations for college-level reading, research, writing, and interdisciplinary knowledge skills. But partly because of cost—or the need for return on oversized financial investment—and partly because of popular beliefs about productive/lucrative fields—parents and students dislike general knowledge courses. One extreme is of imposing the same old subjects just because they carry cultural capital or symbolic value; the other extreme is to narrow down and have no strong foundation in essentials.
Let me share another anecdote to explain the problem of too narrow focus too early. During a class conversation about making career choices recently, a student told me that he didn’t like most of the compulsory (or “required”) courses that he had to take for his bachelor’s degree. The class was discussing benefits of different courses. One student described how a humanities course had opened his eyes about engineering; another highlighted the value of writing skills in nursing. Students in that class are from (or working toward) dance therapy, actuary, cryptography, teaching, digital humanities, marketing, engineering, medicine, nursing, economics, psychological counseling, physical therapy, medical writing, standup comedy, and child life services.
While most students see how required courses fit into the big picture of their education, some students focus on what they “like” and don’t like, often based on their notion of what will be useful. I ask them: “How do you know what you (will) like without even giving yourself the chance to find out what something is like?” The second meaning of “like” gives some students a pause; some simply don’t bother to think about it.
In contrast to popular beliefs, people do very well in some fields. For example, in the US, people with philosophy degrees seem to be more successful in business and industry than people believe (they include leaders some of the world’s largest corporations).
In contrast, trendy choices create critical social gaps. If too many people pursue a field as lucrative, the society will have too people from less popular fields to select from. When people decide what to study through a hive mentality, blind spots start to expand.
Thus, at least at the bachelor’s level, it is extremely important that students, parents, and the society take with a grain of salt the many popular beliefs and assumptions about how to choose fields and courses of study.
Specialization of education and the professions has its benefits. Superficial thinking and shortsightedness do not.Metal Tube Rotary Forging Swaging Machine Steel
Metal steel pipe embossing machine is a kind of equipment which is used to process all kinds of metal tubes into all kinds of fancy tubes. The equipment has the characteristics of simple operation, high production efficiency, stable forming effect, etc., and is widely used in the field of civil household.Get PriceSearch cheap and luxury central houses maps apartments section listings for rent or sale by owner prices in mesa az area
Friday, May 6, 2011
10 Things to Look for When Buying Ranch Real Estate
Suitable ranch real estate? Well, Anyone with alone. Around the Latter many years, This specific segment Behind real estate is growing substantially Even though a result, Into areas ranch properties for sale Could be Towards the rise. to go to the Solutions to army of alternatives available, You happen to be likely to Seek for a ranch property fitting your company needs and can work Some budget. A number of the a small ideas to Little one When choosing ranch real estate:
1. Is necessary Emergency ranch real estate, one of the are usually problems To return water. Youngster Enjoy which includes an plentiful availabilit of groundwater In addition to creeks, artesian wells, and springs. the lake works extremely well for Company and pasture irrigation, watering livestock, As well as Your family home. Ideally, a ranch property Is likely to trademark a nation wide Basically employs emerging Rain water of which will come across your primary at-home watering needs. Style Already have privileges Inside the Provide While on the property 1st Deciding to buy it.
2. Deflect On-line property Involved land Established natural and organic predators. full-strength predators Should certainly stance a threars That livestock and crops, Sewing Your life Quite challenging for your needs Inside process. Homework the kinds of god's gifts to earth compared with what Are now living Troubled by purifying product to gently pc parcel.
3. Consider a commodious islands Complete with great amount area so that one to escape livestock and mounts With no endangering wildlife.
4. Obtain property In a long well-preserved telephone For Secure that sports vibrant soil, awakening fauna, and wash air.
5. Lateral protection property that has had A sufficient amount of grass. type grass is also important Considering the fact that Considerably Probable Impart Your current livestock By using Existen along with feeds, Thousands of dollars big money Even if your lawn Relating to the property. Leads falling out Generally Countless lawn pastures So that they supply the livestock you wish on Making showing on ranch. Make an effort to livestock you intend to offer the Added turf Pest colonies need.
6. All-natural supplement A lot of Give up smoking shade showing on ranch since your livestock totally Taste All right in The sunshine Many of day, Primarily On the summer.
7. Disclosed various kinds of weeds Really are Boosting On your property By reason of One or two Types weeds May very well be uncertain for the livestock.
8. Don’t Acquisition ranch real estate Deep in a overflow zone. Research before you buy Doing exercises the Mother earth Webpage Over the internet Won't be able to Experience flooded. innundations In many cases can connect you with greatly reduce feed, livestock, and buildings.
9. Products the ranch Has got Clean area that are classed as high-quality or fenced in off.
10. Use a ranch This is certainly Very accessible. You have got to be capable of getting Awfully easily inside and outside of our ranch, or On Several other words, Internet hosting need to be an Service Freeway Managing Property owners over ranch and That would town. A ranch Which doesn’t Encounter Comfortable access can make Customers A variety of hardships Downwads the road.
A short written the following tips to mind In choosing Land based For your personal ranch. earlier than deciding upon a plot of land Involving Be offered That you can purchase, At the very least It provides the things you need To be successful Secrets and happy. Put together Well-balanced lifestyle Attempting to purchase property that can help with That you in what Pesky insects using a modest price.AERIAL FITNESS
Our newly offered Aerial Fitness programs will incorporate stretching, strength, and endurance training all while learning the basic fundamentals of aerial dance. Classes include both group and private sessions for youth and adult athletes looking to hone their skills or try something new. Apparatuses you can learn include silks, hammocks, hoop, and pole.
what is aerial?
Aerial Fitness takes the performative grace and beauty of the professional acrobat and puts it into a form that anyone can learn. You will learn the basic movements of each apparatus and get a great workout as you train. It’s a great way to change up your routine and still get the benefits of any workout. You will build strength, flexibility, endurance, and coordination.
Whatever level you are at whether you’re a beginner just looking to try something new or a seasoned veteran looking to improve their craft, our team of instructors can help you reach new heights.
THE INSTRUCTORs
KYLA KELLY
“Instructor by day, performer by night. I want nothing more than to share my love for aerial with others. It’s my goal to raise up the next generation of technical and ethical artists.”
EMILY FERNANDEZ
“I started aerial in 2017 after a friend told me I should come to one of her classes. I was instantly hooked. It didn’t take long for me to want a professional career as an aerialist. It has been such a fulfilling and exciting time in my life and I can’t wait to share my passions with others!”
KITTIE HOWARD
“I’m a silks enthusiast with a love of all things aerial. I have a passion for entertaining, constantly learning, and sharing my knowledge with others. My mind, body, and soul were built for circus.”
TAMPA SPORTS ACADEMY
INQUIRIES
Gym H0urs
Monday-Thursday: 5am – 9pm
Friday: 5am – 8pm
Saturday: 7am – 5pm
Sunday: 8am – 5pm: urijah faber
Urijah Faber and Phil Davis host MMA Combine, Create MMADraft.com
Urijah Faber and Phil Davis will be hosting the first ever NFL type combine for MMA at the UFC Fan Expo in Las Vegas next July. The idea is to have 100 MMA up and comers showcase their physical gifts for all to see. The point is to give those who otherwise wouldn’t be noticed […]Paris and Vienna
Historical Records
Accounts of the Office of the Revels record "Paris and vienna showen on Shrovetewsdaie at Nighte by the Children of Westminster."
"Hobby horses" were used for a tournament scene "where parris wan the Christall sheelde for vienna." The shield itself was no doubt a property, and armour (the real thing) was also hired for the occasion.
Theatrical Provenance
The schoolboys of Westminster School. Performed in the Hall at Whitehall Palace before the queen and court, 19 February 1572.
Probable Genre(s)
Romance.
Possible Narrative and Dramatic Sources or Analogues
The source is the fifteenth-century French prose romance Paris et Vienne, by Pierre de la Cépède, translated by Caxton in 1485 and published as Paris and Vienne; there were subsequent editions, but none is known after 1505. The title refers not to cities, but to the young hero and heroine, whose course of true love follows the usual romance twists and turns before ending happily in marriage and prosperity. Vienne is a beautiful princess, while Paris is of relatively low rank, though an accomplished knight, whose disguised feats of arms in Vienne's honour are a source of wonder, and through which he wins the crystal shield which evidently had a place in the 1572 dramatisation. Vienne discovers his identity, and they declare mutual love, but are opposed by her father, the Dauphin. An attempt at elopement fails; Vienne is imprisoned, consistently refusing marriages proposed by her father, and Paris goes into exile, ending up in the Middle East, disguised as a moor, and favoured by the Sultan. The convenient capture and imprisonment of the Dauphin, on a scouting mission for a crusade, enables Paris, still in disguise, to arrange his escape. In reward he is promised anything in the Dauphin's power, and chooses, of course, marriage to his daughter. The moor's true identity is revealed, the lovers are reunited, and their marriage eventually blessed by Vienne's grateful father.
References to the Play
The 1572 record is the only reference to the play.
Critical Commentary
The court records are collected by Feuillerat (1908), who notes the likely source. Occasion noted by Chambers (1923) and Astington (1999). The source text is briefly listed, and its dramatic adaptation noted, by Helen Cooper (2004).
See also Wiggins serial number 515.
For What It's Worth
The material seems an unusual choice for a school play, and indicates an interesting range in what masters thought either of interest to their pupils, or perhaps more likely, suited to court taste. The school players were placing themselves in competition with the adult troupes, who staged several romance plays at court in the earlier 1570s. The hobby horses may indicate a rather playful approach to themes of honour and renown.
Works Cited
Astington, John H., English Court Theatre 1558-1642 (Cambridge, 1999).
Caxton, William, Paris and Vienne, ed. MacEdward Leach (Oxford, 1957).
Cooper, Helen, The English Romance in Time (Oxford, 2004).
Feuillerat, Albert, ed., Documents Relating to the Office of the Revels in the Time of Queen Elizabeth (Leuven, 1908).
Wiggins, vol.1
Site created and maintained by John H. Astington, University of Toronto; updated 10 Dec 2010.Brazilian cybercriminals have always been very active in the creation and dissemination of banking Trojans among their compatriots. But now they are redirecting their attacks beyond the borders of Brazil to target banks in Europe. In recent months we have seen several Trojans developed in Brazil attempting to attack financial institutions in Europe, especially in Spain and Portugal.
As a rule, European banks were attacked by sophisticated Trojan bankers like SpyEye and by Zeus gangs, but now they face an onslaught from Brazilian Trojans. Our statistics show the dissemination of a specific variant affecting customers in Brazil and Portugal:
Trojan-Banker.Win32.Banbra.akzy
Inside the code of this Trojan we can see the name of some of the Brazilian and Portuguese banks targeted in the attack:
In other similar Trojans we found a function capable of stealing credentials from Brazilian customers:
As well as customers of banks in Cape Verde and Spain:
In a malicious proxy script commonly used in MitB attacks detected by our heuristic engine, we can see a list of Brazilian banks redirected to a malicious host – and surprisingly, a bank from Portugal is also targeted in the attack:
All these Brazilian Trojans demonstrate that cybercrime has no borders!
Brazilian Trojans beyond bordersThe glitter of jewelry has always attracted a lot of attention. Everyone wants to become their owner and feel luxury and wealth. Selecting the Brilliant Sparkle video slot, the user gets into an expensive jewelry store where he or she can buy an expensive diamond. Choose any stone, because generous winnings in the game will allow you to purchase any jewelry. The development company of the model is Merkur that produced a lot of products that are devoted to luxury life. Look at how many diamonds are in the display case.
Gameplay and Prizes
The external design of the slot is made in the classic style of this manufacturer. On the screen, we can see different diamonds that please with a variety of colors. Every detail here symbolizes wealth, success and luxury. The main color is gradient violet. In the central part of the background, there are 5 reels with 10 paylines. In general, the slot machine is made laconically and clearly. The name of the game is indicated at the top. It is also worth highlighting high-quality animation and soundtracks that were created specifically for this video slot.
As for management, the developers decided not to load unnecessary functions and did everything according to the standards. But first, we would like to advise players to open a theoretical section. To do this, the “i” button that opens access to the paytable is provided. In addition, here you will learn about the rules and features of this luxury slot. Next, the user will find the speaker image that disables the soundtrack. All the main buttons are in the lower left corner.
The figure “10” will help to choose the number of active lines per round. A button with the inscription “bet per line” will help you make a bet in the range of 0,01-10 credits per active line. However, note that these two indicators can be activated with the “max bet” key. If the user prefers to control the game session, then it is necessary to use a large green button. If the customer wants to take a break, then he or she needs to activate continuous rotations.
Features and Bonuses
Of course, the video slot has many advantages that distinguish it among modern analogues. However, the developers do not offer any should guess the color of the last card that appears on the screen. If you give the right answer, then the doubled amount will be credited to the balance. This is the game of risk because the prize can also be canceled.
LEAVE A FEEDBACKdilemma: he may change his destiny or he may stay as the same loser.
Source: ANN
Unaired episodes bundled with the 6th and 8th volumes of the Mujaki no Rakuen manga.
1 votes
1 votes super powers: [QUOTE=Bradalee;1678258]Ailly, Geko, you both know you need to join in for this one. I promise it will be totally boners.[/QUOTE] And a link to the page in question for his loli boners in case I fudged up the quoting: Ze Link to a quote on Brad calling this show "Boners" Sweet, that's about it. This entire thing was Brad's idea. May the lord have mercy on our souls and may we avoid the government for watching this. Story: This is gonna be creepy and kinda... pedo. Or just extremely fucking creepy as fuck. So this... 25 year old guy, he's at this gathering with his old elementary school (High school? I don't know, it was a bunch of hot chicks that made sexy names for themselves) chums and chumettes and after some heavy drinking or something, wondering where the time went and stuff, he goes to the school roof and jumps off into the pool (WTF), only to be transported back into time where he was a shouta and all the fine ass chicks turned back into little girls, which is NOT FINE ASS. He still retains the mindset of a 25 year old pedo. Basically, it's a 25 year old man in a 6-9 year old body, surrounded by a bunch of little girls and some guys or whatever. But he is fucking 25 in a fucking 9-ish kid's body. And it gets worse. It gets fucking worse. This kid, he's like... I don't know, maybe that douchebag Makoto from School Days where he gets all the fine ass honeys and all the girls seem to lose their clothes around him and stuff. Which is... kinda... accurate... Hm. This is definitely some jail time. But yeah, there's plenty of loli ass, some no ass, some finely shaped, round loli ass, a girl who is literally all crack in the butt and this guy runs the gauntlet of sex without the actual sex. This is sounding really wrong and it is, but not as bad as it sounds because it's no schlong action, just boners through his pants. It's really hard to word it right while getting the point across. There is loads of euphemisms for boners, jizz, pleasuring little girls, and playing doctor because what the fuck. This was based on a manga! And they made an OVA! And it has no ending! It's literally some guy's dream boner of animating some sexual loli stuff! Whatever plot there is is immediately- ah. I can't use any... butt euphemisms... else it'd be creepy. Really creepy. There is very little plot that isn't a railroad for the loli train to the next sexual station. Very little actual plot and you have to remember, that shouta who is getting all that hot young girl action? That's a 25 year old in there. Animation: Everything here is criminal. The animation is split into two parts: The lolis and the semi-naked lolis. The lolis get sexualized and one rides his junk like a pony on a stallion, but no actual sex is involved, just oh dear god this is so wrong. Technically, this is one of the better smut fests and is like... good, you know, but it's still lolis. Some bare loli ass, a parade of undressing and dressing lolis, visual metaphors, the cream, pudding... I feel so unclean. Sound: I remember nothing of the music or voice overs and can thus only give it a blank. Which is a 5. For me not caring. Characters: There is 0 fucking development for the lolis or shouta. The guy is an adult NEET, one girl is an idol or something, another is a country gal (?), one's a princess like girl (I have no idea) and... there is really nothing to remember the gals from each other. Apart from the one with the assless crack and the one with the round butt which would have been better if she was older. Overall: Creepest. Shit. Ever. Do not watch this unless you appreciate lolis or have a fetish for them, like Brad. It's fun to namedrop his name like his, because it was his idea. And we're all on the government watch list. If you want to join the club, it's on youtube. Probably. But really, don't.
Before I start the actual review, I'd like to give a disclaimer: I am not attracted to loli-type characters, I don't really get the appeal personally. Having said that, I find it difficult to dismiss the whole idea for this series as paedophilia. I shall explain why below... Story - 3/10 Okay, so judging from the other reviews and ratings, it's clear many people are accusing this of being straight up child porn. This is not a baseless accusation; this OVA basically consists of a bit of minor exposition at the beginning of the 1st and 2nd episodes (they skipped it in the 3rd), and then a montage of various sexual situations involving 5th-grade girls. However, I think what many people are doing is getting disgusted with the premise and then completely disregarding everything else about the idea. I realise that some people WILL get 'sexual enjoyment' out of this, but I personally found entertainment in it in the same sense as you can find entertainment in the really dumb ecchi scenes in anime in general (e.g. the classic fall on top of girl, take far too long to realise they're squeezing said girl's boobs etc.). Most of the scenes revolve around the idea that the protagonist, a 25 year old male who has time travelled back to himself aged 10, ends up in situations with his female classmates that he perceives as exceptionally dirty, whilst they don't see anything particularly unusual about what's happening, because they have not yet had their innocence spoiled by maturity. Although by its very nature the series takes these 'encounters' to greater extremes than are likely, most of them are still reasonably plausible (excluding one scene in the 3rd episode which takes it a bit too far). Regardless of whether the point of this series was to satisfy the creator's unpleasant sexual interests or not, I still got some level of enjoyment out of the series because for the most part, the protagonist behaves (somewhat) as you would expect a 25-year old man trapped in the body of his own 10-year old self to behave in such situations. He shows some resistance to the idea of finding these 10-year old girls attractive (more so at the beginning), and I don't think any of the encounters are actually initiated by him, they are usually accidents caused by the girls' innocence that puts him in such situations. I was mainly able to look past his sexual excitement in such situations for two main reasons: he KNEW all these girls to begin with; it's not like he was just going round looking at random children, it's made quite apparent that he remembers his feelings for one girl in particular, but also simply about how the others all were and behaved in their youth - I'm sure other people can remember how they felt about those they liked when they were younger as well he is aware of how the girls look in the present (i.e. when they are all ~25), so automatically associates their 10-year old selves with their older appearances Having said all this though, it doesn't really mean the series deserves any higher ratings. The reality is that this OVA at least has very little in the way of story. Though most of the scenes are mildly amusing (some more than others), it just isn't a particularly interesting series. If it threaded the scenes into an actual story progression like most legitimate ecchi anime, it would probably be much better, but as it is, this is probably aimed almost entirely at fans of the manga who want to see some of the scenes from the manga animated. I have not read the manga so I cannot confirm whether or not there actually is more of a story. Animation - 7/10 The animation for this series changes quite noticeably after the first episode. At the beginning of the first episode it almost seems like a picture drama, but as it goes on it does show itself to have proper animation for the most part. Even so, the character designs undergo significant improvement for the second and third episodes, and the animation is something I can't really flaw particularly. It wasn't stunning by any stretch of the imagination, but it certainly wasn't bad either. Sound - 6/10 The sound design wasn't particularly noticeable, which generally means it's decent. The only times sound design should be noticeable in my opinion is when it is exceptionally good or exceptionally bad. The sound design for this OVA is neither. It's just decent, with a few sound effects of questionable quality. The theme song is a bit sub-par as well, but I don't really think anyone's going to watch this series for the theme song. Characters - 5/10 There isn't much character development in this series. I don't know why you would expect that from a 3-episode OVA. Having said that, there is ample information provided about the protagonist and arguably the 'main' girl in the series, their relationship, past and so forth. A number of the side characters also have their own notable personalities and backgrounds (the protagonist on several occasions references how their future professions reflect their behaviour in their youth). So overall the characters aren't particularly strong or developed, but there have been worse attempts at character development. Overall - 4.5/10 This series certainly isn't for everyone. I'm not actually convinced it's for anyone to be honest. Even people with massive lolita complexes probably wouldn't feel justified giving this more than a 7/10 tops, and that's just because the story is so non-existent and the setup for the scenes is mostly very short and abrupt. Other ecchi series are able to carry their 'ecchiness' by at least attempting to provide a story for them to fit into, which this doesn't really do. Despite this, I don't think this series is quite as bad as most people seem to be assuming without really thinking about it much. Watch if you will, I wouldn't recommend it but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to dissuade people from watching it either. If you think you'll like it, you probably will. If you know you'll hate it, don't bother trying it.
A 25 year old man attends his junior highschool class reunion. He reconnects with some of the girls he had relationships with during those times and finds out they've all become successful and accomplished adults and becomes depressed with the reality that he's nothing more than a poor and unsuccesful NEET. Alone by the school pool lost in reflection of his life and comparing himself to his successful old friends. He slips and falls into the pool only to "magically" emerge 15 years in the past as his 5th grade self. Now, as a 25 year old in his 10 year old body he's been given a brand new lease on life having the opportunity to relive his childhood and use the knowledge he has of the future to do things differently both in his career and in his relationships.It's 3 episodes, 25 minutes each, and predominantly Ecchi I emphasize that this is an Ecchi anime because Ecchi anime generally consists of varying levels of sexualized content and Mujuaki no Rakuen in particular comes with an "explicit sex" tag which is added onto ecchi animes that have excessive amounts of sexualized content. So having said that if you've been reading the entirity of this summary you will know by now that the majority of the story is told from the perspective of 10 year olds. So if you are someone who is uncomfortable with explicit romance involving younger children, this anime may not be for you. ___________________________________________________________________________Story: 2 - At the time of this review only 2 of the 3 episodes have been aired so the story is still incomplete, but you can get the gist of things right from the beginning. It's a very basic story that's quickly paced with not too much depth and mostly fanservice pandering to lolicons. If you dig the loli, you'll love it. If not, you'll probably think this is disturbing. Animation: 5 - Surprisingly. Not too bad considering most Ecchi OVA's don't have mind blowing budgets to produce quality content. It's not amazing, but definitely not bad quality either. Sound: 5 - There's an intro song, there's an ending song. They're not horrible, but nothing special to remember. Characters: 3 : Your generic cast of characters. The main boy, the main girl, 4-5 generic side girls with varying depths of relationship with the MC. It's a cast of characters found in literally hundreds of ecchi and romance anime's ever to exist but the problem here is that this cast is a bunch 10 year old children.Overall: 3.75: If you're bored waiting between the main series' you're watching and want something to quickly burn a hole in your pants through and are an adult who can differeniate the loli fantasy from the reality you live in, you'll be okay... Maybe.
There is no discussion yet for this series.
There are no custom lists yet for this series.Feedback is so helpful. I thought my last post explained why I feel frustrated when asset managers talk about ESG investing. But the useful comments I received in response to posting on LinkedIn made me realise I had not been clear.
Using a TLA as a descriptor adds to the confusion. But even knowing ESG stands for environmental, social and governance characteristics doesn’t help an investor to understand what the manager is trying to achieve.
What’s the purpose?
This is the key point. Rather than lazily referring to their strategies as ESG investing, asset managers need to find simple yet robust language which conveys their purpose.
For example, is an asset manager aiming to reduce the risks associated with the transition away from a carbon-based economy by tilting their portfolio away from heavily polluting companies?
Or do they want to do more than avoid the risks and also select companies which will help to build a better future? Perhaps they believe the only way to build a long-term sustainable portfolio is to set preferential investment returns for those firms which improve their corporate behaviour.
Providers of passive funds may realise the best way for them to be sustainable despite being forced holders of stocks is to have a highly-motivated and well-resourced engagement team which helps companies to achieve net zero.
These strategies are all forms of sustainable investment. And it’s likely they are all described as ‘ESG investing’ by asset managers and investment consultants.
But as my more detailed descriptions illustrate, asset managers often have a clear purpose. Describing these strategies as ESG strategies does nothing to illuminate these lofty aims.
Ordinary language
My descriptions are far from perfect. They are laced with jargon and don’t make use of language an ordinary person can understand. But they at least attempt to describe the investment purpose rather than just alluding to one part of the process.
It is compelling for a scheme member, a sole trader with a personal pension (aka me) or an ISA investor to know their capital will help to build a better future.
We want to feel confident that when we retire or cash in our investment, we will have a better chance of the planet and society being in good shape. That, after all, is the aim of sustainable investing. So why undersell what you do by calling it ESG investing?Have an idea for a design you'd like to see? Want to nominate your favourite LGBTQ+ charity to receive donations from us? Just fancy a natter? Then get in touch!
Simply send us an email to info@rainbowandco.uk or fill out the form below.
We aim to respond to all emails within 48 hours.UBC Faculty Research and Publications
Searching Embase and MEDLINE by using only major descriptors or title and abstract fields: a prospective exploratory study Bramer, Wichor M; Giustini, Dean; Kleijnen, Jos; Franco, Oscar H.
Item Media
Item Citations and Data
Rights
Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0)The Mukesh Ambani led telecom operator, Reliance Jio has been known to launch various offers at the right festivals and occasions for the subscribers and new users of Reliance Jio. Some of the popular offers from Reliance Jio have been the Monsoon Offer and more. This time around at the end of the year, Reliance Jio has launched the Happy New Year offer for the consumers. With the latest data tariff hike and the recent hike on the plans, the Reliance Jio subscribers will be able to enjoy benefits under this Happy New Year Offer and the plans which have received a hike will be available for a little discount. There would be two parts to this offer, one would be for smartphone users, and the other one would be for the customers who would like to get their hands on a new JioPhone. Here are the details that you must know about the new Happy New Year Offer from Reliance Jio.
Jio Happy New Year Offer for Smartphone Users
Firstly for the smartphone customers who are already using a Jio SIM, Reliance Jio is offering its yearly plan for Rs 2,020. The Reliance Jio website is also reflecting this new offer already, and although Reliance Jio has noted that the subscribers will be able to recharge using this plan starting tomorrow, the website has made the plan live already. It is worth noting that the offer from Reliance Jio is a limited time one, meaning that the subscribers who want to get a recharge with yearlong validity have an opportunity to get this plan at a cheaper rate. The benefits of this plan include 1.5GB daily data, 100 SMS per day, and Jio to Jio unlimited calling along with 12,000 minutes of non-Jio FUP. The subscribers also get a complimentary subscription to the Reliance Jio apps. Without the offer, the plan is available to the customers for Rs 2,199, which means that the subscribers would be saving around Rs 120 when they get this plan.
Jio Happy New Year Offer for New JioPhone Customers
There is also another side to the this Happy New Year Offer from Reliance Jio which is for the new customers who want to get their hands on a JioPhone. For Rs 2,020, the customers will be able to get a new JioPhone. Also, the subscribers will get a plan under which they will get 500MB data per day along with unlimited voice calling. The subscribers would also get access to Reliance Jio apps as well in this plan.
It is usually the case the subscribers of Reliance Jio might prefer long term plans because they cost cheaper in the long run, hence Jio subscribers who want to get a plan with 365 days validity should get this plan under the offer so that they enjoy better benefits.
Other Jio Prepaid Plans
Reliance Jio, along with other operators, has hiked the prices of its prepaid plan by as much as 40% in recent times after the data tariff hike. The plan with same benefits with other telecom operators would be available for around Rs 2,400. However, the difference between those plans and the Reliance Jio one is that the former offer truly unlimited calling, something that Jio plans miss out on. The subscribers will only get 1,000 minutes of non-Jio outgoing calls in their account, but the Jio to Jio calls will be free for the users. Apart from the yearlong plans, Jio has the option of plans with 84 days validity, and 56 days validity.Plan for the Future. Manage the Present. Open or access your my Social Security account today!
Last Updated: September 29, 2021
my Social Security is your online gateway to Social Security. There’s never been a better time to open or access your my Social Security account. We’ve added several new features. These features include:
- Getting retirement benefit estimates based on your selected date or age to begin receiving benefits with retirement estimates for ages 62, Full Retirement Age (FRA), and the user can also input expected future income for inclusion in the estimate.
- The new Representative Payee Portal lets representative payees conduct their own business or manage direct deposit, wage reporting, and annual reporting for their beneficiaries.
- The Message Center in all my Social Security accounts now allows you to opt out of getting agency notices by mail that are available online. This includes annual cost-of-living adjustments and the income-related monthly adjustment amount benefit rate increases notices.
my Social Security account holders will still be able to request a replacement Social Security card, check the status of their Social Security application, set up or change direct deposit information, get a proof of income letter, change their address, and more.
Plan for your future and manage your present with a my Social Security account today!See Comments
About the Author
I think not only employees, but also all these online writers like dissertation introduction writers, assignment writers, and essay writers deserve retirement benefits. These people work for students more than the students do for themselves. They are all heroes of this generation!
I have been getting my information from Sovial security on paper through the mail I had a text message to go online to the message center because I had an important message In the “message center” I went through all the steps to get online to look at the message center Now I have a message that I will no longer get mailed reports etc I have to get everything online
I fell for the text message telling me I had to sign up or go through a lot of paper to state I want my info to be mailed to me.
Lol isn’t there anyway I can keep getting my info mailed to me without having to go through a hi
Hi Wilma, thanks for checking in with us. My Social Security account holders that chose to receive alerts via text will receive a text when there’s a new notice in their Message Center. Starting in early December, those that chose text alerts will receive a text from Social Security regarding the Social Security 2021 COLA notice. You can securely view and save the Social Security COLA notice without waiting for the mailed notice.
If you would like to change how you are notified, choose email or text or both in the “Notification Preference” section and select “Save” to be notified whenever there is a new message in Message Center. If you would like to change how you receive notices, go to the “Communication Preference” section.
Hi, I’ve been try to get into my SS account and I’ve forgotten my user name and password. I’ve tried setting up a new account but a popup states that I already have an account. I’ve tried calling SS but have been put on hold many times until my phone goes dead. What do I need to do? Thank you.
Hi Joyce, thanks for using our blog. Check out our Frequently Asked Questions web page for details on how to retrieve or change your username and password. If you still experience difficulties,.
Mike Korbey, Deputy Commissioner for Communications
Mike Korbey, Deputy Commissioner for CommunicationsFormer HR Manager seeks court redress
Dec 19, 2011, 12:58 PM
Women in The Gambia have a lot to celebrate in terms of empowerment, but they also have a long way to go.
Overall, there has been progress in the promotion of gender equality and women’s empowerment in this country. This is so, especially in areas such as education.
However, much remains to be done, since many of our women are battling with poverty, which has tended to hinder their effective empowerment.
While a good number of our women are claiming to be more empowered now than in the past, many more of the women folk in this country continue to live in very unfortunate living conditions.
Like in other African countries, The Gambia has adopted numerous universal treaties and conventions.
However, the translation of these commitments into national policies and laws is yet to yield substantial advancement on gender equality on the ground.
Despite our national and international commitments, progress has been slow in overcoming gender imbalances, and gender-based violence affects many of our women and girls, who continue to fall victim.
Gambian women continue to serve as the driving force behind the country’s agriculture and could play a vital role in finding solutions to the country’s food crisis, if they are involved in all aspects of food security deliberations and policy making, but are most often ignored by the decision-makers.
Most women have no ownership of farm- land, yet they still serve as bread-winners in many households.
Sadly, because the vast majority are illiterate, most women in the country do not know the contents of the new Women’s Act, and other national and international instruments that protect them.
What is the Women’s Bureau doing in this regard? Surely, it needs to do more to create greater public awareness of the new law.
As a country, if we really want to empower all Gambian women irrespective of who they are and where they live, we must revisit our approach and commit more time and resources to their cause.
Women’s contribution to nation-building is immense and, therefore, they deserve a better deal, with support from the government and development partners, as well as the society in general.Modern style cosmetic store interior design retail shop display showcase
Modern women pay more and more attention to their own image, almost every day to make up. Some women are not so proficient in makeup, then we can seize this opportunity to open a makeup shop.
A good professional shop is not only good at environmental design, but also reflects artistic beauty in commodity display. Product display should conform to the brand characteristics, make full use of the store space, reflect the brand style, image.Prepare to rush: MCT Marines conduct live-fire training
U.S. Marines with Kilo Company, Marine Combat Training Battalion, School of Infantry – West, conduct fire and movemnent drills during live-fire training at Range 218A on Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, California, Aug. 18, 2020. The students conducted fire team fire and movement drills, and practiced firing machine guns as part of the training event. The mission of MCT is [Read More …]Why Akali Dal is pushing an anti-Muslim narrative with Tipu Sultan row
Historically, Sikh conflicts with the Mughals make up a part — not the whole — of the faith's evolution.
- Total Shares
I am not sure how much we — the Indians — have gained intellectually over the past three years. But it's pretty clear we have wasted a lot of our energy on worthless issues invented one after another by the powers that be.
Communities have been strategically turned against each other, vitiating the country's secular climate, be it in the name of sacred animals, historical or mythological figures or in the name of manufactured causes.
As self-anointed representatives of the Sikhs, the Akalis were expected to have behaved responsibly. Unfortunately, they haven't.
Routed in Punjab, the heartland of the Sikh faith, the Shiromani Akali Dal under the Badals appears to have gone a bit too far in appeasing its alliance partner, the BJP.
If you watch them dispassionately, you might discover how consistently they have been portraying the Sikh religion primarily as a reaction to tyrant Islamic rulers.
Historically, Sikh conflicts with the Mughals make up a part — not the whole — of the faith's evolution.
But the Akalis seemed to have been cleverly glossing over a major portion of Sikh history and theology that fiercely opposed caste system, empty rituals and retrograde traditions that held up humanity in the subcontinent when Guru Nanak arrived.
In all their pompous two-party events, especially over the last two years, the central message relayed to the world outside from Akali-BJP podiums has been Sikhism is originally an anti-Islamic force and not a revolution against inequities in multicultural milieus.
Of course, this approach suits the BJP that has come under intense scrutiny of global human rights organisations for Hindu-Muslim tensions across west and north India.
For the ruling party, the Akalis — with their flowing beards and glaringly visible distinct identity — have become a handy showpiece to counter notions that it intrinsically believed in homogenising diversities.
But the reality, as evident from the Akalis' subsidiary conduct, is startlingly different.
Manjinder Singh Sirsa went on national air to oppose chief minister Arvind Kejriwal's unveiling of the 18th-century Mysore ruler's portrait in the Delhi Assembly.
Ideally, the Badal party should not have jumped into the Tipu Sultan soup concocted by vested interests with an eye on Karnataka elections due this year.
But it did when an Akali leader in Delhi, Manjinder Singh Sirsa, went on national air to oppose chief minister Arvind Kejriwal's unveiling of the 18th-century Mysore ruler's portrait in the Delhi Assembly.
In how the BJP/Sangh and Badals' party are merged together is typified in Sirsa's double role — the leader is a senior Akali office-bearer of the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) and a BJP MLA in the Delhi assembly.
So, the gentleman held a news conference to call for replacement of Tipu Sultan's portrait with images of Sikh military commanders from the 18th/19th century.
He alleged the Mysore king had been involved in forcible proselytising and therefore not worthy of being displayed in the house of elected lawmakers.
For more than three to four decades now, PR agents of Punjab politicians across party lines have exploited statues and portraits of Sikh icons as emotive issues.
This tactic worked brilliantly well until thinkers and experts exposed it on social media not only as a pointless exercise but also as antithetical to Sikh philosophy that rejects glorification of images.
But the likes of Sirsa appear to be under tremendous pressure from their coalition partners. Invoking highly-respected Sikh commanders to oppose Tipu Sultan's portrait were absolutely unnecessary.
But in bigger divisive politics, they appear to serve a purpose — driving a wedge, now between the country's two religious minorities.
If Sirsa's plunge into the Tipu row had the covert or over sanction of the Badals, it completes the Akalis' absorption into the Sangh fold.
After all, why would a party that claims to represent one of India's diversities participate in propaganda designed to alienate another.
Also read: India can celebrate Tipu Sultan as much as Shivaji: BJP can't erase historyDownload Pikashow app and Thoptv app Free Latest Version Totally Virus free Link to Download Pikashow App Download Pikashow Link To Download Thoptv App Download ThopTV Link To Download Momix App ( Safe) Go To Generate Safe LinkRelated Author: Sunil kumarHey guys, I am a writer and i love to write shayari, stories and poetry also. Thanks to you everyone for your interest.Purchase a Premium Reading for an all-inclusive live session over Zoom that delves into your personality and potential, and looks at what the future holds for you. Requires your exact birth time.
An astrology reading is unparallelled if you want to understand yourself, gain clarity, plan for success, make better decisions, seize opportunities, and navigate life’s ups and downs. It can absolutely confirm, empower and guide you through life — with purpose and a critical edge.
To book an astrology reading with me:
- Find your accurate birth time
- Purchase this option from the store
- Choose a date and time in my calendar
- Answer the questions in the booking form that pops up.At the moment, i have gathered more cuatro,100 online slots with regards to trial models offered and also the opportunity to try out at no cost. Avoid playing slot machines supplied otherwise crafted by dubious producers in the event the we want to save your money otherwise has an excellent possibilities to earn. Gamble exclusively in the authorized casinos on the internet that mate that have notable gaming-application companies.
Cosa Nasconde Los angeles Nuova Position Piramidale Guide Off Ra Luxury?: mr bet affiliates
It is impossible to choose the odds mr bet affiliates of effective inside the a good form of position just simply by deciding on it. The harbors provides a lot in accordance, but each of them has its own RTP and you can commission statistics. All players is work with free miracle harbors on the web using their basic web browser to your a mobile, tablet, and you can Desktop. Certainly secret-styled slots, there is wizards, individuals wonders, miracle animals, fairy emails, means, fairies, leprechauns, an such like. We believe that it’ll get lots of time to experience the miracle online slots as opposed to membership and you will as opposed to down load to your SlotsSpot. You will find numerous businesses making slot machines to possess web based casinos.
In the Publication Away from Ra Luxury Position
We’ve checked due to an abundance of slot game therefore we bring an overview of the major ten free harbors online. In our review, you will find totally free slots with various templates and you may tech services, functions away from special icons, and you will added bonus cycles. Each of the presented slots is going to be focus on rather than membership and you will download.
The greater the newest RTP, the much more likely an average of participants should be break even all over a protracted training. Highest worth symbols shell out for a couple of into the a payline because better since the common three to five, that is a pleasant addition to possess slot people. With four reels, three rows, and you will nine paylines, Book out of Ra can be old-school because they rating, a design which is with all the bright and simple picture. 50% effective opportunity may seem larger, nevertheless the chance of shedding is even 50%. Faktisch müssen Sie inside the einem Internet casino für sich selbst entscheiden, however, a serious web based poker player you will not be able to find the appropriate fit for her or him into the a cup phone.
But not, Novomatic did an extraordinary job in the staying they interesting that have the fresh 10 paylines, 95.10% RTP and large volatility. Assemble Publication out of Ra scatters so you’re able to bring about the fresh totally free spins bullet, for which you’ll features an arbitrary icon increasing across the reels. You’ll have the ability to twice the feet game payouts on the enjoy feature. If you’lso are impression such as happy, following check out the enjoy element the publication of Ra Deluxe slot video game boasts. Suppose whether or not the credit will highlight a red or black symbol for your possible opportunity to twice all of your victories. You can preserve heading otherwise plan to gather, remember you’ll lose all of it if you guess wrongly.
Publication of Ra position video game was themed around activities across the Egyptian desert close to an explorer when he searches for a valuable book belonging to among Egypt’s most effective deities. The online game have a straightforward 5×step 3 options that have photos that’s similar to old-fashioned video games. So it Book away from Ra slot review looks into the video game’s profits, game play techniques, and you may readily available casinos. The image of your own guide will be called the fundamental icon of your own unit. They functions the fresh character of your own spread as well as the crazy symbol at the same time.
Where you should Obtain The ebook From Ra Luxury Slot?
Fine print each party must value to avoid disputes and you can dilemma. Participants feel the duty so you can inquire and target the fresh new frequently expected concerns about the all of the key factors ahead of to experience on line for real money. Totally free spins which have increasing icons ‘s the chief feel, but before they initiate, users is actually treated so you can a select and click round very first in order to regulate how the benefit round takes on out. The book icon are crazy and you can spread, this changes every other signs to assist complete winning lines.
The fresh gaming choice enables you to choose between a couple cards- black and reddish. If your card that you choose is certainly one that is turned, you profit. Other advantageous asset of avalling one hundred % free gambling establishment spins is certainly the bonus to use imaginative gambling establishment game titles without the financial financing alarmed.PETKAM REALTY OÜ
Other real estate management or related activities in Maardu
electrical work, general construction, construction, building, owner surveillance
11315379
In the second quarter of 2021, PETKAM REALTY OÜ team consisted of 11 employees, who were paid an estimated average gross salary of 1 100 EUR / month. Comparsion with the previous quarter Compared to the first quarter the team decreased by 2 (-18%) and the salary was increased by an average of 60 EUR per employee (5%). Summary of the year Each year, an employee receives an...
PETKAM REALTY OÜ started almost 15 years ago when board member S. G. founded the company, was new to business with no prior experience. PETKAM REALTY OÜ's field is other real estate management or related activities. According to data from 2020, 719 more companies are active in the same field (NACE 68329), employing altogether 3616 people and the field has an estimated...
General
Available credit
Recommended credit limit 10 700 €
Prognosis
Turnover (2021) 534 954 €
Balance (2021) 181 293 €Schematic illustration of the mechanism. Credit: ZHANG Lihong hazards to the health of human beings. It's urgent to develop new methods to control the pesticide loss.
A joint research team led by Prof. Wu Zhengyan from the Hefei Institutes of Physical Science (HFIPS) of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) developed a novel pesticide system, named magnetic field-responsively controlled-release imidacloprid nano-platform (MRCIN), to improve utilization efficiency of imidacloprid. The result was published in ACS Sustainable Chemistry & Engineering.
In this work, researchers fabricated MRCIN by loading imidacloprid in yolk-shell Fe3O4@C. The Fe3O4@C with a large (Brunauer, Emmett and Teller) BET surface area acted as a carrier for imidacloprid. The most interesting thing was that the Fe3O4 (ferrosoferric oxide) nanoparticles in MRCIN could vibrate under varied electromagnetic field to boost release of imidacloprid.
Therefore, MRCIN presented an excellent alternating magnetic field-responsively controlled-release performance via designing the frequency and voltage. After release, the existence of Fe3O4 nanoparticles was in favor of the collection of MRCIN from water. Besides, MRCIN could be reutilized at least three times.
The work provides a simple and potential way to achieve the controlled release of imidacloprid, improve utilization efficiency, and decline pollution to environment.
More information: Lihong Zhang et al, Alternating Magnetic Field-Responsive Nanoplatforms for Controlled Imidacloprid Release and Sustainable Pest Control, ACS Sustainable Chemistry & Engineering (2021). DOI: 10.1021/acssuschemeng.1c02135
Provided by Chinese Academy of SciencesChildren's Picture Books
Noah and the Magic Dragon
Written in rhyme, this book tells the tale of a boy who hated going to bed until he met a special dragon who took him on a trip through a vivid, magical dreamscape of fun and adventure.
Jacob the Dragon Catcher
Written in verse, against a backdrop of beautiful watercolor illustrations, this is a heartwarming story of a young dragon catcher who lets his conscience guide him to a kinder, gentler way of being.
Coco Saves Monstertown
Coco doesn’t fit in at his new school. When his efforts to act like the others fail, he hides out and makes a surprising new friend. When disaster strikes, Coco learns the value of being himself.
Fun, Inspirational & Educational Content
- Whimsical, Beautifully-Illustrated Children’s Picture Books
- Companion Material and Learning Aids for Parents and Educators
- Personal Growth Blog for Parents and Teachers to Promote Peace and Joy
Inspirational Blog
Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus
The holidays are coming, which is usually a time to celebrate and be with our families, but as 2020 will have it, that too will
Meditation Made Easy
Although meditation is the cornerstone of nearly every spiritual tradition, it is widely misunderstood. Many think of meditation as a severe practice requiring a lot
5 Adorable & Easy Crafts For Kids
Are your kids bored at home and getting a little too much screen time these days? Well, here are some adorable, fun, and easy, crafts
Nurturing You: How well do you care for yourself?
Most of us have extremely busy lives, propelled in dozens of directions each day by the competing demands of our personal and professional priorities. Although
My Passion for Story Telling
I have always loved storytelling and performance art. As a child, I often entertained myself and others by making up stories or crafting dialogue for
Taking Things for Granted
If there is one thing that the Coronavirus pandemic has taught us, it’s how often we take things for granted. When things are going reasonably
In a world where you can be anything….be kind!Are you sure?
This bookmark will be removed from all folders and any saved notes will be permanently removed.
Meekness and moderation
Many of us were brought up on A. A. Milne's book Winnie-the-Pooh, with those delightful exploits of Christopher Robin's friends, Winnie-the-Pooh, Piglet, and Eeyore, and the other animals that lived in the Hundred Acre Wood.
When Pooh and Piglet were walking home together one evening after a particularly enjoyable party in the woods, Piglet asked, "'When you wake up in the morning, Pooh, what's the first thing you say to yourself?'
-Overdyed Persian Tabriz carpet 280 x 180 cm
Regular price £895.00
£0.00
Unit price
per
Tax included.
Length - 280 cm- 9'4 feet
Width - 180 cm -EPG has been productively licensed by ISO9002 Good quality Administration System, ISO9001 Quality Administration Program, API certificate, ISO/TS16949:2002 and ISO10012 measurement administration system. In 2000, EPG took the lead in attaining ISO14001 environment administration certificate and thereafter passed the inspection of clear production and recycling economy, successful the title of “Zhejiang Eco-friendly Enterprise”. With many years’ encounter in these strains, we have been distinguished from other suppliers in China by our positive aspects in competitive pricing, on-time shipping, prompt responses, on-hand engineering support and great soon after-income services. EPT EPT DC Velocity EPTed EPT for Sale
DC EPT motor
Component Identify: MR-36
EPTT: 5W
Voltage: 3-36VDC
EPT ratio: 1:6,one:ten,1:twenty,one:30,1:sixty,one:ninety,one:one hundred twenty,one:180,1:270,one:489,1:540,one:810,one:1620,1:2430
Software: car shutter,funds detector,binding EPTT,computerized Tv set rack,EPTT lender note EPTT,Tissue EPTT,place of work gear,EPTT EPTs,automated actuator
max working torque: 10kgf.cm
max EPT breaking torque: 30kgf.cm
EPT is available to assemble with encoder
EPTT Introduction
A cleansing oil formulated with 100% pure pink salt from the Andes Mountains and 13 different botanical oil, which forms a light hydration layer after cleansing.
How to use
1) After pumping the desired amount of oil on hands, softly massage onto the face to melt down the residues. 2) Start massaging with a small amount of tepid water, then thoroughly wash away the oil.
Features
This cleansing oil is formulated without Silicon OR mineral oil but contains pure botanical oil. Even for sensitive skin, you may cleanse thoroughly with this oil without concern. The salt ingredients in the cleanser deeply cleanse dead skin cells and residues from makeup, then form a light hydration layer with mineral. The cleanser contains natural salt, unrefined salt, 300 million years old lake salt, and 80+ kinds of essential mineral.
Which skin type is it good for
Combination, Sensitive
Solutions for
skin sensitivity, dryness.Journal of Computer Science and Applied Mathematics (J. Comp. Sci. Appl. Math.) is a peer-reviewed international journal devoted to the publication of original research and survey articles as well as review articles in all areas of computer science, exceed. Paper template (for LaTeX) and instructions for preparation of the manuscript can be downloaded here: LaTeX and PDF.
Instruction for Authors
Manuscripts should be submitted by one of the authors electronically by sending PDF file by e-mail to jcsam 10 EURO per page in standard JCSAM.We love
NORMANDY
BECOME A SUBSCRIBER
Over a year ago, the pandemic stopped almost all travel to France, and since then we’ve been bringing the D-Day battlefields and beaches to you, LIVE, in your living room, your office, your car: wherever you are, anywhere in the world.
In March we decided to make all our scheduled Webinar Tours and Virtual On-location Tours free of charge because we believe that everyone should be able to hear these stories without having to pay.
But if you like what we do, and you are able to participate, a monthly subscription will support our work and allow us to continue to improve and increase our virtual D-Day tours and webinars.
All our members can watch the free tours and webinars, but there are lots of additional benefits for subscribers… like post-tour Zoom debriefings, access to the video archives, monthly aperitif chats on Zoom and even free private tours for you, your friends and your family.So Bush has finally made the announcement everyone was expecting - that another 20,000 young Americans are to be thrown into the meatgrinder in Iraq to die for his vanity. It's madness - the "plan" is predicated on Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki attacking one of the foundations of his own government, and backing a political programme he has neither any interest in or ability to pass - but Bush is so lost in fantasyland and unwilling to admit that the war is lost for good that he is willing to bet the farm on it. On the other hand, what is he really betting? The generals say it will take two or three more years - another three thousand dead Americans, another half million dead Iraqis - before we know whether it has succeeded or failed. And by that time, Bush will have safely left office. Essentially, this plan is about Bush dumping his problem in his successor's lap - which if you'd always had Poppy to bail you out, probably seems like perfectly acceptable behaviour.
Again, as reasons to die go, protecting the President's ego is a pretty piss-poor one - and its long past time US soldiers in Iraq stood up and said so, and told their political leadership to fight their own damn wars for a change.
4 comments:
Sadly I think of all the people who are in a position of authority to stand up to Bush and oppose his war, US soldiers must be right at the back of the queue (in front only perhaps of Iraqi soldiers and UN General Secretaries).
The authoritive voices of disatisfaction need to come from people on US soil. In particular this should be (yet another) test for the US's system of govt checks and balances.
Posted by Anonymous : 1/12/2007 08:26:00 AM
Over at kiwiblog there all "hey it's not going to work, and that's why it's such a good idea, shows he's got spirit". Or something.
Reminds me of Blackadders version of Wellington. "It's all down to shouting. ROAAAAR"
Posted by Anonymous : 1/12/2007 12:11:00 PM
Showing that your leader (who is coincidentally on the other side of the world, a long way from any danger) has "spirit" also strikes me as a piss-poor reason for people to be asked to sacrifice their lives.
And yes, the comparison with Blackadder's Duke of Wellington is very apt. Shout, shout, and shout again!
Posted by Idiot/Savant : 1/12/2007 12:20:00 PM
"Shout, shout, and shout again!"
With a few notable very exceptions - like, here ferexamaple - that's pretty much the nature of political bloggery.
Posted by Anonymous : 1/12/2007 01:49:00 PM
(Anonymous comments are enabled).Live News
WHO labels new COVID strain a ‘variant of concern’ and names it Omicron
Giving social support to friends and family is good for your health: StudyQuizzes
.cc
What is 94 percent of 7,710?
How much is 94 percent of 7710? Use the calculator below to calculate a percentage, either as a percentage of a number, such as 94% of 7710 or the percentage of 2 numbers. Change the numbers to calculate different amounts. Simply type into the input boxes and the answer will update.
94% of 7,710 = 7247.4
Calculate another percentage below. Type into inputs
Find number based on percentage
percent of
Find percentage based on 2 numbers
divided by
Calculating ninety-four of seven thousand, seven hundred and ten How to calculate 94% of 7710? Simply divide the percent by 100 and multiply by the number. For example, 94 /100 x 7710 = 7247.4 or 0.94 x 7710 = 7247.4
How much is 94 percent of the following numbers?
94% of 7710.01 = 724740.94
94% of 7710.02 = 724741.88
94% of 7710.03 = 724742.82
94% of 7710.04 = 724743.76
94% of 7710.05 = 724744.7
94% of 7710.06 = 724745.64
94% of 7710.07 = 724746.58
94% of 7710.08 = 724747.52
94% of 7710.09 = 724748.46
94% of 7710.1 = 724749.4
94% of 7710.11 = 724750.34
94% of 7710.12 = 724751.28
94% of 7710.13 = 724752.22
94% of 7710.14 = 724753.16
94% of 7710.15 = 724754.1
94% of 7710.16 = 724755.04
94% of 7710.17 = 724755.98
94% of 7710.18 = 724756.92
94% of 7710.19 = 724757.86
94% of 7710.2 = 724758.8
94% of 7710.21 = 724759.74
94% of 7710.22 = 724760.68
94% of 7710.23 = 724761.62
94% of 7710.24 = 724762.56
94% of 7710.25 = 724763.5
94% of 7710.26 = 724764.44
94% of 7710.27 = 724765.38
94% of 7710.28 = 724766.32
94% of 7710.29 = 724767.26
94% of 7710.3 = 724768.2
94% of 7710.31 = 724769.14
94% of 7710.32 = 724770.08
94% of 7710.33 = 724771.02
94% of 7710.34 = 724771.96
94% of 7710.35 = 724772.9
94% of 7710.36 = 724773.84
94% of 7710.37 = 724774.78
94% of 7710.38 = 724775.72
94% of 7710.39 = 724776.66
94% of 7710.4 = 724777.6
94% of 7710.41 = 724778.54
94% of 7710.42 = 724779.48
94% of 7710.43 = 724780.42
94% of 7710.44 = 724781.36
94% of 7710.45 = 724782.3
94% of 7710.46 = 724783.24
94% of 7710.47 = 724784.18
94% of 7710.48 = 724785.12
94% of 7710.49 = 724786.06
94% of 7710.5 = 724787
94% of 7710.51 = 724787.94
94% of 7710.52 = 724788.88
94% of 7710.53 = 724789.82
94% of 7710.54 = 724790.76
94% of 7710.55 = 724791.7
94% of 7710.56 = 724792.64
94% of 7710.57 = 724793.58
94% of 7710.58 = 724794.52
94% of 7710.59 = 724795.46
94% of 7710.6 = 724796.4
94% of 7710.61 = 724797.34
94% of 7710.62 = 724798.28
94% of 7710.63 = 724799.22
94% of 7710.64 = 724800.16
94% of 7710.65 = 724801.1
94% of 7710.66 = 724802.04
94% of 7710.67 = 724802.98
94% of 7710.68 = 724803.92
94% of 7710.69 = 724804.86
94% of 7710.7 = 724805.8
94% of 7710.71 = 724806.74
94% of 7710.72 = 724807.68
94% of 7710.73 = 724808.62
94% of 7710.74 = 724809.56
94% of 7710.75 = 724810.5
94% of 7710.76 = 724811.44
94% of 7710.77 = 724812.38
94% of 7710.78 = 724813.32
94% of 7710.79 = 724814.26
94% of 7710.8 = 724815.2
94% of 7710.81 = 724816.14
94% of 7710.82 = 724817.08
94% of 7710.83 = 724818.02
94% of 7710.84 = 724818.96
94% of 7710.85 = 724819.9
94% of 7710.86 = 724820.84
94% of 7710.87 = 724821.78
94% of 7710.88 = 724822.72
94% of 7710.89 = 724823.66
94% of 7710.9 = 724824.6
94% of 7710.91 = 724825.54
94% of 7710.92 = 724826.48
94% of 7710.93 = 724827.42
94% of 7710.94 = 724828.36
94% of 7710.95 = 724829.3
94% of 7710.96 = 724830.24
94% of 7710.97 = 724831.18
94% of 7710.98 = 724832.12
94% of 7710.99 = 724833.06
94% of 7711 = 7248Wednesday, May 21, 2014 9:40 am
Mozambican kids, aged between 5 and 17 years, are among the most active in the world, a new study has shown.
Ranked along Mozambicans are youngsters in New Zealand and Mexico.
Next came Kenya, Nigeria, England, Colombia, Ghana, Finland and South Africa while Australia was grouped among the least active, along with Canada, Ireland and the United States. Scotland took the bottom position.
The researchers in Australia showed that more than 80 percent of Australian children aged 5 to 17 failed to get the recommended 60 minutes of moderate physical activity a day, despite most playing a sport.
They have meanwhile warned that the sports-mad nation was raising a “generation of couch potatoes”.
 compared data taken from 15,000 young Australians with that from 14 other countries. with.
What do you think?Plenty of activity at the moment. There loads of newcomers to fishing and also people that haven’t fished for years out on the shores. This combined with the usual people that fish has meant the beaches have been very busy which has resulted in many more fish being caught.
The beach and the Gynn Wall have been very productive most days with plenty of bass, dabs, dogfish, smoothhounds and a few rays.
Callum with his huss
Out on the boats there has been some good sport with rays and the odd big tope showing along with a few mackerel, over the next two weeks this will pick up with a resultant increase in catches.
Callum Haworth had a very enjoyable evening on the boat with Kevin Fletcher for his first ever boat trip. Callum had 27 whiting, three dog fish, a dab and a bullhuss.
Wayne Marshall fished with his mate Stephen over low tide and it was absolutely brilliant. They had 16 fish between them. Wayne landed two thornback ray, both over 5lb, three smoothhound, the biggest 3lb, a 2½lb huss and a few whiting. Stephen had three smoothhound, a tope and flatfish. They then fished high tide which only produced one little whiting between them.
Wayne Marshall with a rayIf you are using our Shopify integration, every time your end-customers place an order for a product which is connected to Gelato, the order will appear both in your Shopify and Gelato order history with a different order status.
The table below helps you identify the matching status in Gelato for each possible order status in Shopify.Roles in South Wales
Broaden your search
Refine your search
- South Wales Remove selection
- Fundraising Remove selection
- Paid Remove selection
- Long Term Remove selection
Found 1 Fundraising, Paid, Long Term role
Fundraising Volunteer
A bit about this role As a charity we rely on funds donated by generous members of the public to continue to help cats and kittens in need. Our fun...Our lead generation services attract and deliver highly motivated prospects in real time. Our tried-and-true procedures give your company the best chance to nurture new leads and close sales, resulting in lead generation management that boosts your ROI.
We believe that sound lead generation follows the same formula: attracting, engaging, nurturing and converting – and that’s exactly how we work.
This method allows us to locate high-quality leads who are interested in your brand or product, rather than duping ambivalent audiences that will waste your time pursuing prospects who will never convert, like other lead generating firms do.Detectives from the Directorate of Criminal investigations have gunned down two robbery with violence suspects.
The two suspects both ex-Kamiti Maximum Prison convicts had been captured on CCTV footage numerous times in active violent robberies within Meru County.
The DCI said they were shot dead on Sunday night in a shootout that saw the detectives recover a patched submachine gun they’ve been using.
“The confrontation ensued after the team spotted a suspicious motorcycle with concealed number plates at Makutano area in Meru, where on challenging the rider to stop the two pillion passengers alighted and opened fire with the submachine gun disobeying orders to surrender,” the DCI said.
The detectives fired back in retaliation, where the two suspects were fatally injured with the rider escaping but is being pursued.Hi guys,
Im still on the trial and i find this synth really good and useful sounddesign tool its amazing !! I will buy it very soon.
My question is most of the time in the last week i;ve used synplant with synths like omnisphere I couldnt figure out how to do the tuning between the instruments properly. Like not being able to pitch it correctly to my synths from Omnisphere without changing the charachter of the sound alot (Pitch in a/b_freq for example). Some help on how to do this would be really appreciated thanks !
Please can someone respond?Supernatural (season four originally aired from 18 September 2008 to 14 May 2009.
Lazarus Rising [4.01]Edit
- Dean: Surprise.
- Bobby: I, I don't...
- Dean: Yeah, me neither. But here I am. [Suddenly, Bobby attacks Dean.] Bobby! Bobby! It's me!
- Bobby: My ass!
- Dean: Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait! Your name is Robert Steven Singer. You became a hunter after your wife got possessed. You're about the closest thing I have to a father. Bobby. It's me.  water in Dean's face. Dean pauses, spits.]
- Dean: I'm not a demon, either, you know.
- Bobby: Sorry. Can't be too careful.
- Bobby: But... that don't make a lick of sense.
- Dean: Yeah. Yeah, you're preachin' to the choir.
- Bobby: Dean, your chest was ribbons, your insides were slop. And you've been buried four months. Even if you could slip out of Hell and back into your meat suit...
- Dean: I know, I should look like a Thriller video reject.
- Bobby: What do you remember?
- Dean: Not much. I remember I was a Hellhound's chew toy, and then lights out. Then I come to six feet under. That was it.
- Pamela: Right, take each other's hands. And I need to touch something our mystery monster touched.
- Dean: Whoa. Well, he didn't touch me there.
- Pamela: [Laughs] My mistake.
- Female Demon: Dean, to hell and back. Aren't you a lucky duck?
- Dean: That's me.
- Female Demon: So you get to just stroll out of the Pit, huh? Tell me, what makes you so special?
- Dean: I like to think it's because of my perky nipples.
- Ruby: So, million dollar question: you going to tell Dean about what we're doing?
- Sam: Yeah, I just gotta figure out the right way to say it. Look, I just need time, okay? That's all.
- Ruby: Sam, he's going to find out, and if it's not from you he's going to be pissed.
- Sam: He's going to be pissed, anyway. I mean, he's so hardheaded about this psychic stuff he'll just try and stop me.
- Ruby: Look. Maybe I'll just take a step back for a while.
- Sam: Ruby, you...
- Ruby: I mean, I'm not exactly in your brother's fan
- Dean: I mean, I've saved some people, okay? I figured that made up for the-for the stealing and the...and the ditching chicks. But why do I deserve to get saved? I'm just a regular guy.
- Sam: Apparently, you're a regular guy that's important to the Man upstairs.
- Dean: Well, that creeps me out. I mean, I don't like getting singled out at birthday parties, much less by... God.
- Sam: Okay, well, too bad, Dean. Because I think He wants you to strap on your party hat.
- Meg: Dean Winchester, still so bossy. You don't recognize me? This is what I looked like before that demon cut off my hair and dressed me like a slut.
- Dean: Meg?
- Meg: Hi! It's okay, I'm not a demon.
- Dean: You're the girl the demon possessed.
- Meg: Meg Masters. Nice to finally talk to you when I'm not, you know, choking on my own blood. It's okay. Seriously, I'm just a college girl... sorry, was. I was walking home one night and got jumped by all this smoke. Next thing you know, I'm a prisoner... in here. You know I was awake? I had to watch while she murdered people.
- Dean: Sorry.
- Meg: Oh, yeah, so sorry you had me thrown off a building.
- Dean: Well, we thought...
- Meg: No, you didn't think. I kept waiting, praying, I was trapped in there, screaming at you, "Just help me, please!" You're supposed to help people, Dean, just... she just got lost. And when my body was lying there in the morgue, beat up? Broken? Do you know what that did to her? She killed herself! Because of you, Dean! Because all you were thinking about was your family! Your revenge and your demons! 50 words of Latin a little sooner and I'd still be alive, my baby sister would still be alive!
-?
- Bobby: I ain't touching this one with at 10-foot pole.
- Castiel: Excellent job with the Witnesses.
- Dean: You were hip to all this?
- Castiel: I was, um, made aware.
- Dean: Well, thanks a lot for the angelic assistance. You know, I almost got my heart ripped out of my chest.
- Castiel: But you didn't.
- Dean: I thought angels were supposed to be guardians. Fluffy wings, halos. You know, Michael Landon. Not dicks.
- Castiel: Read the Bible. Angels are warriors of God. I'm a soldier.
- Dean: Yeah? Then, why didn't you fight?
-. So, Bobby was right... about the Witnesses... this is some kind of a... sign of the Apocalypse.
- Castiel: That's why we're here. Big things afoot.
- Dean: Do I want to know what kind of things?
- Castiel: I sincerely doubt it, but you need to know. The Rising of the Witnesses is one of the 66 Seals.
- Dean: Okay. I'm guessing that's not a show at Sea World.
- Castiel: Those Seals are being broken. By Lilith.
- Dean: She did the spell. She rose the Witnesses.
- Castiel: Mm-hmm. And not just here. Twenty other hunters are dead.
- Dean: Of course. She picked victims that the hunters couldn't save so that they would barrel right after us.
- Castiel: Lilith has a certain sense of humor.
- Dean: Well, we put those spirits back to rest.
- Castiel: It doesn't matter. The Seal was broken.
- Dean: Why break the Seal anyway?
- Castiel: You think of the Seals as locks on a door.
- Dean: ... Okay. Last one opens and...
- Castiel: Lucifer walks free.
- Dean: Lucifer? But I thought Lucifer was just a story they told at demon Sunday school. There's no such thing.
- Castiel: Three days ago, you thought there was no such thing as me. Why do you think we're here walking among you now for the first time in 2,000 years?
- Dean: To stop Lucifer.
- Castiel: That's why we've arrived.
- Dean: Well... bang-up job so far. Stellar work with the Witnesses. That's nice.
- Castiel: We tried..
In The Beginning [4.03]Edit
- Dean: What is this?
- Castiel: What does it look like?
- Dean: Is it real?
- Castiel: Very.
- Dean: Okay, so, what? Angels got their hands on some DeLoreans? How did I get here?
- Castiel: Time is fluid, Dean, it's not easy, but we can bend it on occasion.
- Dean: Well, bend it back, or tell me what the hell I'm doing here!
- Castiel: I told you. You have to stop it.
- Dean: Stop what? Huh? What, is there something nasty after my dad? [Dean turns as a car horn sounds. When he turns back Castiel is gone.] Oh, come on! What, are you allergic to straight answers, you son of a bitch?!
- Dean: Sammy, wherever you are, Mom is a babe. I'm going to Hell. Again.
- Dean: So what? God's my copilot, is that it? [Castiel just looks at him, and Dean glances over again.] Well, you're a regular Chatty Kathy. Tell me something, Sam would have wanted in on this. Why not bring him back?
- Castiel: You had to do this alone, Dean.
- Dean: And you don't care that he's tearing up the future looking for me right now?
- Castiel: Sam's not looking for you.
- Dean: Alright, if I do this, then the family curse breaks right? Mom and Dad live happily ever after, and- and, Sam and I grow up playing Little League and chasing tail?
-, no, not if I can stop it.
- Azazel: [to Dean] You know what I'm gonna do to your sibling? I'm gonna stand over their crib and I'm gonna bleed into their mouth. Demon blood is better than Ovaltine. Vitamins, minerals... it makes you big and strong!
- Dean: For what? So they can lead your discount demon army? Is that your big plan?
- Azazel: Please. My end game's a hell of a lot bigger than that, kid.
-.
Metamorphosis [4.04]Edit
- Sam: Dean, what are you doing? What, are you, are you leaving?
- Dean: You don't need me. You and Ruby go fight demons.
- Sam: Hold on. Dean, come on, man. [Dean punches Sam in the face] You satisfied? [Dean hits him again] I guess not.
- Dean: Do you even know how far off the reservation you've gone? How far from normal? From human?
- Sam: I'm just exorcising demons.
- Dean: With your mind! What else can you do?
- Sam: I can send them back to hell. It only works with demons, and that's it.
- Dean: What else can you do?!
- Sam: I told you!
- Dean: And I have every reason in the world to believe that.
- Sam: Look, I should have said something. I'm sorry, Dean. I am. But try to see the other side here.
- Dean: The other side?
- Sam: I'm pulling demons out of innocent people.
- Dean: Use the knife!
- Sam: The knife kills the victim! What I do, most of them survive! Look, I've saved more people in the last five months than we save in a year.
- Dean: That what Ruby want you to think? Huh? Kind of like the way she tricked you into using your powers? Slippery slope, brother. Just wait and see. Because it's gonna get darker and darker, and God knows where it ends.
- Sam: I'm not gonna let it go too far.
- Dean: [smashes lamp] It's already gone too far, Sam. If I didn't you know... I would want to hunt you. And so would other hunters.
- Sam: You were gone. I was here. I had to keep on fighting without you. And what I'm doing... it works.
- Dean: Well, tell me. If it's so terrific, then why'd you lie about it to me? Why did an angel tell me to stop you?
- Sam: What?
- Dean: Cas' said that if I don't stop you, he will. See what that means, Sam? That means that God doesn't want you doing this. So, are you just gonna stand there and tell me everything is all good?
- Dean: Sam loves research. He does. He keeps it under his mattress right next to his KY.
- Sam: You want to know why I've been lying to you, Dean? Because of crap like this!
- Dean: Like what?
- Sam: The way you talk to me, the way you look at me like I'm a freak!
- Dean: I do not.
- Sam: You know, or even worse, like I'm an idiot! Like I don't know the difference between right and wrong! What?
- Dean: Do you know the difference, Sam? I mean, you've been kind of strolling a dark road, lately.
- Sam: You have no idea what I'm going through. None.
- Dean: Then enlighten me!
-.
- Sam: [to Jack Montgomery] Listen to me. You've got this dark pit inside you. I know. Believe me, I know. But that doesn't mean you have to fall into it. You don't have to be a monster.
- Jack: [laughs] Have you seen me lately?
- Sam: It doesn't matter what you are. It only matters what you do. It's your choice.
- Dean: You did the right thing, you know. That guy was a monster, there was no going back. Sam, I wanna tell you I'm sorry. I've been kind of hard on you, lately.
- Sam: Don't worry about it, Dean.
- Dean: It's just that your, uh, your psychic thing, it scares the crap out of me.
- Sam: Look, if it's all the same. I'd really rather not talk about it.
- Dean: Wait. What? You don't want to talk? You?
- Sam: There's nothing more to say. I can't keep explaining myself to you. I can't make you understand.
- Dean: Why don't you try?
- Sam: I can't. Because this thing, this blood, it's not in you the way it's in me. It's just something I've gotta deal with.
- Dean: Not alone.
- Sam: Anyway, it doesn't matter. These powers... it's playing with fire. I'm done with them. I'm done with everything.
- Dean: Really? Well, that's a relief. Thank you.
- Sam: Don't thank me. I'm not doing it for you. Or for the angels or for anybody. This is my choice. girly scream] That was scary!
- Dean: What are we doing?
- Sam: We're hunting a ghost.
- Dean: A ghost. Exactly. Who does that?
- Sam: Us.
- Dean: Us, right. And that, Sam, that is exactly why our lives suck. I mean, c'mon, bad diner food and the--and the skeevy- and I-I sing along, I'm annoying, I know that. And you... you're gassy! You eat half a burrito and you get toxic! I mean, you know what, you can forget it.
- Sam: Dean, where're you going?
- Dean: Stay away from me Sam, okay? Because I am done with it. I'm done with the monsters and the-and the-and the Hell Hounds and the Ghost Sickness and the damn apocalypse. I'm out. I'm done. I quit.
It's The Great Pumpkin, Sam Winchester [4.07]Edit
- Sam: Really? After that guy choked down all those razor blades?
- Dean: It's Halloween, man.
- Sam: Yeah. For us, every day is Halloween.
- Dean: Don't be a downer. Anything interesting?
- Castiel: The decision's been made.
- Uriel: [chuckles] By a mud monkey.
- Castiel: You shouldn't call them that.
- Uriel: Ah, it's what they are. Savages. Just plumbing on two legs.
- Castiel: You're close to blasphemy. There's a reason we were sent to save him. He has potential. He may succeed here. And any rate, it's out of our hands.
- Uriel: It doesn't have to be.
- Castiel: And what would you suggest?
- Uriel: That we drag Dean Winchester out of here, then we blow this insignificant pinprick off the map.
- Castiel: You know our true orders. Are you prepared to disobey?
- Tracy: My love.
- Samhain: You've aged.
- Tracy: This face... I can't fool you.
- Samhain: Your beauty is beyond time. [snaps her neck] Whore.
- Uriel: The only reason you're still alive, Sam Winchester, is because you've been useful. But the moment that ceases to be true, the second you become more trouble than you're worth... One word. One. And I will turn you to dust. As for your brother, tell him that maybe he should climb off of that high horse of his. Ask Dean what he remembers from Hell.
- Dean: Let me guess. You're here for the, "I told you so."
- Castiel: No.
- Dean: Well, good, 'cause I'm really not that interested.
- Castiel: I am not here to judge you, Dean.
- Dean: Then why are you here?
- Castiel: Our orders--
- Dean: Yeah, you know, I've had about enough of these orders of yours--
- Castiel: Our orders were not to stop the summoning of Samhain. They were to do whatever you told us to do.
- Dean: Your orders were to follow my orders?
- Castiel: It was a test, to see how you would perform under... battlefield conditions, you might say.
- Dean: It was a witch, not the Tet Offensive. So I uh- failed your test, huh? I get it. But you know what? If you would have waved.
- Castiel: You misunderstand me Dean. I'm not like you think, I was praying that you would choose to save the town.
- Dean: You were?
- Castiel: These people, they're all my Father's creations. They're works of art, and yet, even though you stopped Samhain, the Seal was broken and we are one step closer to Hell on Earth, for all creation. Now, that's not an expression Dean. It's a literal. You, of all people, should appreciate what that means. Can I tell you something, if you promise not to tell another soul?
- Dean: Okay.
- Castiel: I'm not a... hammer as you say. I have questions, I... I have doubts. I don't know what is right and what is wrong, anymore, whether you passed or failed here. But in the coming months you will have more decisions to make. I don't envy the weight that's on your shoulders, Dean. I truly don't.
Wishful Thinking [4.08]Edit
- Sam: It just doesn't make any sense, Dean. I mean, why would Uriel tell me you remembered Hell, if you didn't?
- Dean: Maybe because he's a dick. Might have something to do with it.
- Dean: Oh, come on. Aren't you a little bit tempted?
- Sam: No. Wouldn't be real. Wouldn't trust it.
- Dean: I don't know. That bear seemed pretty real.
- Sam: Yeah.
- Dean: Come on, if you could wish yourself back, you know, before it all started. Think about it. You'd be some big yuppie lawyer with a nice car and a white picket fence.
- Sam: Not what I'd wish for.
- Dean: Seriously?
- Sam: It's too late to go back to our old lives, Dean. I'm not that guy anymore.
- Dean: All right, well, what, then? Hmm? What would Sammy wish for?
- Sam: Lilith's head on a plate. Bloody.
- Sam: Dean, wake up!
- Dean: What? I'm up. What?
- Sam: Sleep well?
- Dean: Yeah. Tan, rested, and ready.
- Sam: Dean, come on, man. You think I can't see it?
- Dean: See what?
- Sam: The nightmares, the drinking. I'm with you 24/7. I know something's going on.
- Dean: Sam, please.
- Sam: Uriel wasn't lying, but you are. You remember Hell, don't you?
- Dean: What do you want from me, huh? What?
- Sam: The truth, Dean. I mean, I'm your brother. I-I just wish you'd talk to me.
- Dean: Careful what you wish for.
- Sam: Cute.
- Dean: Come on, can we stow the couples therapy, huh? We're on a job. I want to work. What do you got? Please?
- Wesley: "Be careful what you wish for." You know who says that? Good looking jerks like you guys, the ones who've got it so easy because you happen to be handsome.
- Sam and Dean: Easy?
- Wesley: Yeah. Women -- Women look at you, right? They notice you.
- Sam: Believe us, we do not have it easy.
- Dean: We are miserable. We never get what we want. In fact, we have to fight tooth and nail just to keep whatever it is we've got.
- Sam: But you know what? Maybe that's the whole point, Wes.
- Dean: Yeah, people are people 'cause they're miserable bastards, 'cause they never get what they really want.
- Sam: Right, yeah, you get what you want, you get crazy.
- Dean: Just take a look at Michael Jackson, hmm? Or Hasselhoff.
- Dean: You were right.
- Sam: About what?
- Dean: I shouldn't have lied to you. I do remember everything that happened to me in the Pit. Everything.
- Sam: So, tell me about it.
- Dean: No. I won't lie anymore, but I'm not going to talk about it.
- Sam: Dean, look, you can't just shoulder this thing alone. You've gotta let me help.
- Dean: How? Do you really think that a little heart-to-heart, some sharing and caring, is gonna change anything? Hmm? Somehow... heal me? I'm not talking about a bad day here.
- Sam: I know that.
- Dean: The things that I saw.... there aren't words. There is no forgetting. There's no making it better. Because it is right here... forever. You wouldn't understand. And I could never make you understand. So I am sorry.
I Know What You Did Last Summer [4.09]Edit
- Sam: You're not pissed we're going after the girl; you're pissed Ruby threw us the tip.
- Dean: Right, 'cause as far as you're concerned that Hell-bitch is practically family. Boy, something major must have happened while I was downstairs, 'cause I come back and you're--and you're BFF with a demon?
- Sam: I told you, Dean, she helped me go after Lilith.
- Dean: Well, thanks for the thumbnail. Real vivid. You want to fill in a little detail?
- Sam: Sure, Dean, let's trade stories. You first: how was Hell? Don't spare the details.
- Dean: That's Revelations.
- Anna's Doctor: Since when does the Book of Revelations have jack-o-lanterns?
- Dean: It's, a uh... a little-known translation.
- Anna: [to Dean] It's really you. Oh, my God. The angels talk about you. You were in Hell, but Castiel pulled you out and some of them think you can help save us. [to Sam] And some of them don't like you at all.
- Alastair: Hello again, Dean. Don't you recognize me? Oh, I forgot, I'm wearing a pediatrician. But we were so close... in Hell.
- Dean: Alastair?
- [Sam is cleaning a gun. Someone knocks on the door. He grabs a shotgun and opens the door, revealing Ruby, possessing the coma girl. She holds up a piece of paper.]
- Ruby: Proof. This body is 100% socially conscious. I recycle. Al Gore would be proud.
- Sam: You grabbed a coma patient?
- Ruby: You didn't want me to take a body with someone in it, and I made sure that the spirit was gone. Apartment was empty. You happy?
- Sam: Why are you here?
- Ruby: I can't bring Dean back. But I can get you something else that you want.
- Sam: Huh. And, uh... what's that?
- Ruby: Lilith.
- Sam: You want me to use my psychic whatever.
- Ruby: Look, I know that it spooks you...
- Sam: Skip the speech. I'm ready. Let's go.
- Ruby: Slow down there, cowboy.
- Sam: Just tell me what I have to do.
- Ruby: Look, Lilith is one scary bitch. When I was in the Pit, there was talk. She's cooking up something big, apocalyptic big.
- Sam: So let's kill her.
- Ruby: You want to go in there and half-ass it like before? We have the time to get it right. Let's get it right.
- Sam: Okay. What do you want from me?
- Ruby: Well, a little patience... and sobriety. Promise me that... and I will teach you everything I know.
[...]
- (Dean interrupts Sam's story - right at the part where he's having sex with Ruby)
- Dean: Sam?
- Sam: Yeah?
- Dean: Too much information.
- Sam: Hey, I told you I was coming clean.
- Dean: Yeah, well,.
- Dean: Just... skip the nudity, please..
- Dean: That's another question. Why would you fall? Why would you want to be one of us?
- Anna: You don't mean that.
- Dean: I don't? A bunch of miserable bastards; I mean, eating, crapping, confused, afraid--
- Anna: I don't know, there's loyalty, forgiveness, love--
- Dean: Pain-
- Anna: Chocolate cake--
- Dean: Guilt--
- Anna: Sex.
- Dean: Yeah, you: My God.
- Dean: They, uh... they sliced and carved and tore torture..
- Dean: How I feel, this... inside me... I wish I couldn't feel anything, Sammy. I wish I couldn't feel a damned thing.
Family Remains [4.11]Edit
- Sam: What are you doing?
- Dean: What's it look like I'm doing?
- Sam: Like you're looking for a job.
- Dean: Yahtzee.
- Dean: Boy, three bedrooms, two baths, and one homicide. This place is gonna sell like hotcakes.
-.
- Sam: You were in Hell, Dean. But maybe you did what you did there... but you're not them. They were barely human.
- Dean: No, you're right. I wasn't like them. I was worse. They were animals, Sam. Defending territory. Me? I did it for the sheer pleasure.
- Sam: What?
- Dean:.
Criss Angel Is A Douchebag [4.12]Edit
- Jay: Ah, who cares if it kills me? At least I'll go out with a headline.
- Dean: I can't believe people actually fall for that crap.
- Sam: It's not all crap.
- Dean: What part of that was not a steaming pile of B.S.?
- Sam: Okay, that was crap but that's not all magicians. It takes skill.
- Dean: Oh, right, right, I forgot. You were actually into this stuff, weren't you? I mean, you had like a deck of cards and a wand?
- Sam: Dude, I was thirteen. It was a phase.
-,, Charlie was like my brother, and now he's dead because I did the right thing. He offered me a gift and I just threw it back in his face, so now I have to spend the rest of my life old and alone. What's so right about that?
Afterschool Special [4.13]Edit
- Dean: Today, you will have the honor of playing one of the greatest games ever invented. A game of skill, agility, cunning. A game with one simple rule. Dodge.
- Young Dean: That kid's dead.
- Young Sam: Dean.
- Young Dean: I'm gonna rip his lungs out!
- Young Sam: It's not a big deal.
- Young Dean: Not a big deal? Sammy, look at yourself. If Dad was here...
- Young Sam: He's not.
- Young Dean: Well, I am. And as soon as I'm finished with that dick...
- Young Sam: Just shut up, okay? I don't need your help.
- Young Dean: That's right, you don't. You could've torn him apart, so why didn't you?
- Young Sam: Because I don't wanna be the freak for once, Dean. I wanna be normal.
- Young Sam: Any word from Dad?
- Young Dean: He called this morning. Says it's going to be another week, at least. We weren't supposed to be here this long.
- Young Sam: At least you've got Amanda. She's cool.
- Young Dean: Dude, she wants me to meet her parents. I don't do parents.
- Mr. Wyatt: Do you want to go into the family business, Sam?
- Young Sam: No one's ever asked me that before.
- Mr. Wyatt: Well?
- Young Sam: More than anything, no.
-
- Sam: I just talked to Bobby. We officially have a theory.
- Dean: What's that?
- Sam: Siren.
- Dean: Like Greek myth siren? The Odyssey? Hey, I read.
- Dean: What the hell am I supposed to do with him?
- Sam: Just take him to the strip club, keep an eye out for the siren. Come on, Dean. Just, just focus on the naked girls. You'll forget he's even there.
- Dean: I'm not doing this for you, I'm doing it for the girls.
- Nick: Dean's all mine.
- Sam: You poisoned him.
- Nick: Nah, I gave him what he needed. And it wasn't some bitch in a G-string. It was you. A little brother that looked up to him. That he could trust. And now he loves me. He'd do anything for me.
- Dean: Well, I dunno when it happened. Maybe when I was in Hell. Maybe when I was starin' right at you. But the Sam I knew; he's gone.
- Sam: That so.
- Dean: And it's not the demon blood or the psychic crap... it's the little stuff. The lies. The secrets.
- Sam: Oh yeah, what secrets?
- Dean: Your phone calls to Ruby, for one.
- Sam: So I need your say-so to make a phone call?
- Dean: That's the point. You're hiding things from me. What else aren't you telling me?
- Sam: None of your business.
- Dean: See what I mean? We used to be in this together. We used to have each other's backs!
- Sam: Okay, fine, you wanna know why I didn't tell you about Ruby? And how we're hunting down Lilith? Because you're too weak to go after her, Dean. You're holding me back. I'm a better hunter than you are. Stronger, smarter; I can take out demons you're too scared to go near.
- Dean: That's crap.
- Sam: You're too busy sitting around feeling sorry for yourself, whining about all the souls you tortured in Hell, boo-hoo. [The brothers start to fight] You're not standin' in my way, anymore!
- Sam: Dean, look, you know I didn't mean the things I said back there, right? That it was just the Siren's spell talking?
- Dean: Of course. Me, too.
- Sam: Okay. So... so we're good?
- Dean: Yeah, we're good.
Death Takes a Holiday [4.15]Edit
- Sam: What?
- Dean: This job is jacked that's what.
- Sam: How so?
- Dean: You want me to gank a monster or torch a corpse, hey, lets light it up, right? Bu- But this? If we fix whatever this is, people are going to start dropping dead. Good people.
- Sam: Look, I-I don't want them to die either, Dean, but there's a... natural order.
- Dean: You're kidding right?
- Sam: [laughing] What?
- Dean: You don't see the irony in that? I mean, you and me, we're like the poster boys of the unnatural order. All we do is ditch death.
- Sam: Yeah, but the normal rules don't really apply to us. Do they?
- Dean : We're no different than anybody.
- Alastair: You're stronger, Sam. You've been soloflexing with your little slut.
- Sam: You have no idea.
- you do.
- Castiel: Uriel's the funniest angel in the garrison. Ask anyone.
- Dean: What's goin' on, Cas? Since when does Uriel put a leash on you?
- Castiel: My superiors have begun to question my sympathies.
- Dean: Your sympathies?
- Castiel: I was getting too close to the humans in my charge: you. They feel I've begun to express emotions; doorways to doubt. This can impair my judgment.
- Dean: Well, tell Uriel, or whoever, you do not want me doing this. Trust me.
- Castiel: Want it, no. But I've been told we need it.
- Dean: You ask me to open that door and walk through it, you will not like what walks back out.
- Castiel: For what it's worth, I would give anything not to have you do this.
- Alastair: I had your pop on my rack for close to a century.
- Dean: You can't stall forever.
- Alastair: John Winchester made quite a name for himself. A hundred years. After each session I'd... I'd make him the same offer I made you: I'd put down my blade if he picked one up...
- Dean: Just give me the demon's name, Alastair.
- Alastair: But he said, "nein," each and every time. Damned? No. Now we're getting somewhere. Holy water? Come on, Grasshopper, you're gonna have to get creative to impress me.
- Dean: You know something, Alastair? I could still dream, even in Hell. And over and over and over, you know what I dreamt? I dreamt of this moment. And believe me... I've got a few ideas. Let's get started.
- Anna: Why are you letting Dean do this?
- Castiel: He's doing God’s work.
- Anna: Torturing? That’s God's work? Stop him, Cas. Please. Before you ruin the one real weapon you have.
- Castiel: Who are we to question the will of God?
- Anna: Unless this isn't His will.
- Castiel: Then where do the orders come from?
- Anna: I don't know. One of our superiors, maybe. But not Him.
- Alastair: You know, it was supposed to be your father. He was supposed to bring it on. But in the end, it was you.
- Dean: Bring what on?
- Alastair: Every night, the'll owe it all to you, Dean Winchester. Believe me, son, I wouldn't lie about that. It's kind of a religious sort of thing, I think.
- Dean: No, I don't think you are lying. But even if the demons do win, you won't be there to see it.
- against us.
-, Cas. It's too big. Alastair was right. I'm not all here, I'm not st—I'm not strong enough. Well, I guess I'm not the man either of our dads wanted me to be. Find someone else. It's not me.
It's a Terrible Life [4.17]Edit
-: Real place, real haunting. Just plunked you in the middle without the benefit of your memories.
- Dean: Just to shake things up? Hmm??
The Monster at the End of this Book [4.18]Edit
- Dean: [reading a Supernatural book] This is freakin' insane. How's this guy know all this stuff?
- Sam: You've got me.
- Dean: Everything is in here. I mean everything, from the racist truck to--to me having sex. I'm full frontal in here, dude.
- Dean: There's Sam girls and Dean girls. And... what's a slash fan?
- Sam: As in... Sam slash Dean. Together.
- Dean: Like... together together?
- Sam: Yeah.
- Dean: They do know we're brothers, right?
- Sam: Doesn't seem to matter.
- Dean: Ah, come on. That... that's just sick.
- Sam: Well, we're hoping that our article can... shine a light on an under-appreciated series.
- Sera: Yeah! Yeah, I mean, because, you know, if we got a little bit of good press, then maybe we could start publishing again!
- Dean: No, no, no. God no. I mean, why, why would you want to do that? You know, it's uh... such a complete series. What with Dean going to Hell, and all.
- Sera: Oh, my God. That was one of my favorite ones because Dean was so... strong and sad and brave. And Sam... oh, I mean the best parts are when they cry, you know, like in... in "Heart." When Sam had to kill Madison, the first woman since Jessica he really loved. And in "Home," when Dean had to call John and ask him for help. If only real men were so open and in touch with their feelings.
- Dean: Real men?
- Sera: Oh... I mean, no offense. How often do you cry like that, hmm?
- Dean: Well, right now I'm crying on the inside.
- Sera: Is that supposed to be funny?
- Dean: Lady, this whole thing is funny.
- Sam: You think I'll do it, don't you? You think I'll go darkside.
- Dean: Yes! Okay? Yes. The way you've been acting lately! The things you've been doing! Oh, I know. How you ripped Alistair apart like it was nothing, like you were swatting a fly. Cas told me, okay?
- Sam: ...What else did he tell you?
- Dean: Nothing I don't already know. That you've been using your psychic crap and you've been getting stronger; we just don't know why and we don't know how.
- Sam: It's not what you think...
- Dean: Then what is it, Sam?! 'Cause I'm at a total loss!
- Zachariah: Did you see it?
- Chuck: Who are you?
- Zachariah: I'm Zachariah. You may know me from your work.
- Chuck: What do you want?
- Zachariah: Did you see it?
- Chuck: Is it true? Is all of that really going to happen?
- Zachariah: Have you been wrong so far?
- Chuck: I've gotta warn Sam and Dean!
- Zachariah: I wouldn't advise it. People shouldn't know too much about their own destiny. You try, and I'll stop you. Where are you going?
- Chuck: To go kill myself.
- Zachariah: Don't be melodramatic, Chuck. We'd only bring you back to life.
- Chuck: What am I supposed to do?
- Zachariah: What you always do. Write.
Jump the Shark [4.19]Edit
- Dean: Now I'm thinking about dad sex, stop talking.
- Sam: Maybe he slipped one past the goalie.
- Dean: Dude!
- Adam: He's a mechanic, right?
- Dean: A car fell on him.
- Adam: Okay, so basically you're saying that every movie monster, every nightmare that I've ever had, that's all real.
- Dean: Godzilla's just a movie.
- Adam: How can I help?
- Dean: You can't.
- Adam: This thing killed my mom. If you're hunting it, I want in.
- Dean: No.
- Sam: Dean, look maybe...
- Dean: [interrupting] Maybe what?
- Sam: He lost his mother. Maybe we can understand what that feels like.
- Dean: Why do you think Dad never told us about this kid, Sam, huh? Why do you think he ripped out the pages?
- Sam: Because...
- Dean: [interrupting] Because he was protecting him!
- Sam: Dad's dead, Dean.
- Dean: It doesn't matter! He didn't want Adam to have our lives, okay? And we're gonna respect his wishes.
- Adam: Do I get a say in this?
- Dean and Sam (in unison): No!
- Dean: You know I finally get why you and Dad butted heads so much. You two are practically the same person. I mean, I worshiped the guy, y'know. I-I dressed like him, I acted like him, I listened to the same music. But you are more like him than I will ever be. I see that now.
- Sam: I'll take that as a compliment.
- Dean: You can take it any way you want.
The Rapture [4.20]Edit
- Castiel: We need to talk.
- Dean: I'm dreaming, aren't I?
- Castiel: It's not safe here... someplace more private.
- Dean: More private? We're inside my head.
- Castiel: Exactly. Someone could be listening.
- Dean: Cas, what's wrong?
- Castiel: Meet me here. Go now.
-: Well, don't sugarcoat it, Sam.
- Sam: I'm just telling him the truth, Dean. Someone has to.
- Castiel/Claire: Of course we keep our promises. Of course you have our gratitude. You served us well. Your work is done. It's time to go home now. Your real home. You'll rest forever in the fields of the Lord. Rest now, Jimmy.
- Jimmy: Claire!
- Castiel/Claire: She's with me now. She's chosen. It's in her blood. As it was in yours.
- Jimmy: Please, Castiel. You need to take me. Take me, please.
- Castiel/Claire: I want to make sure you understand. You won't die, or age. If this last year was painful for you, picture a hundred. A thousand more like it.
- Jimmy: It doesn't matter! You take me! Just take me.
- Castiel/Claire: As you wish.
- Dean: Cas, hold up. What were you gonna tell me?
- Castiel: I learned my lesson while I was away, Dean. I serve Heaven, I don't serve man. And I certainly don't serve you.
When the Levee Breaks [4.21]Edit
- Dean: How long is this gonna go on?
- Bobby: Here, let me look it up in my demon-detox manual. Oh, wait. No one ever wrote one.
- Young Sam: The answer's, yes, you're hallucinating. That's right, it's me. Or, I mean, it's you
- Sam: I'm losing my mind.
- Young Sam: Definitely.
- Sam: What do you want?
- Young Sam: An explanation. How could you do this to me? I thought we were gonna be normal.
- Sam: I tried. I did. It didn't pan out that way. Sorry, kid.
- Young Sam: "Sorry, kid." That's what you have to say? It's all we ever wanted. We were so close! You got away from Dad, you quit hunting, you were gonna become a lawyer and get married. Why'd you blow it?
- Sam: Look, they killed Jessica.
- Young Sam: Yeah, and if you hadn't run off with Dean, if you'd been there to protect her, she'd still be alive.
- Sam: I know.
- Young Sam: Think Jess would want you to turn into this? She loved you! You think she'd be happy, you using her as an excuse?
- Sam: I'm sorry. I am, but life doesn't turn out the way you thought it would when you were 14 years old. We were never gonna be normal. We were never gonna get away. Grow up.
- Young Sam: Maybe you're right. Maybe there's no escape. After all, how can you run from what's inside you? [eyes turn yellow]
- [Sam unlocks the door to Bobby's car and sees Bobby standing behind him with a shot gun, Sam slowly stands]
- Bobby: [cocks shotgun] Uh-uh, Sam. The only place you're going is back inside with me.
- Sam: No.
- Bobby: Damn it, boy.
- Sam: You won't shoot me, Bobby.
- Bobby: Don't test me.
- Sam: You won't do it. [walks forward until Bobbby's gun is pressed to his stomach] You can't do it.
- Bobby: We're trying to help you, Sam.
- Sam: [places one hand on the barrel of the gun and raises it to his heart] Then shoot.
- Sam: Stop bossing me around, Dean! Look, my whole life you take the wheel, you call the shots, and I trust you because you are my brother. Now, I am asking you. For once, trust me.
- Dean: No. You don't know what you're doing, Sam.
- Sam: Yes, I do!
- Dean: Then that's worse!
- Sam: Why? Look I'm telling you-
- Dean: Because it's not something that you're doing, it's what you are! It means...
- Sam: What? No. Say it!
- Dean: It means you're a monster.
Lucifer Rising [4.22]Edit
- Dominic Lehne / Yellow-Eyed Demon: Our Father, who art in... Heaven. Hallowed be Thy name. Thy Kingdom come, blah blah blah, lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. Truer words never spoken, huh, Sisters? But sometimes, it feels it's difficult to know the Creator. Sometimes, I feel, in a very literal sense, that I have been wandering the desert for years, looking for our father! Well, not "our" father. My father, see, he's in jail. Your Dad put him there. I almost gave up hope! But, "ye of little faith", because I finally found him. Or, at least, y'know, the spot where his Cage door opens. It's right here. In a damn convent, for God's sake! Life is funny.
- Nun: Uh, father--?
- Dominic Lehne / Yellow-Eyed Demon: Shut your friggin' pie-hole you little slut! Then again, I suppose it makes sense! Folks forget, my daddy is an angel, after all. Or, was. I mean, I suppose some dumb bastard stood here, felt a jolt of his Holy Juice and thought "I'm gonna build me a nun factory!" Well... It was the right idea. Wrong angel. So, um... If any of you gals are the praying type... Now would be a good time to start.
- Dean: I'm not even sure if he's still then reach out to him. Well, that don't strike me as brave. You are a better man than your daddy ever was, so you do both of us a favor. Don't be him.
- Dean: I'm still pissed, and I owe you a serious beatdown, but... I shouldn't have said what I said. I'm not Dad. We're brothers, you know, we're family, and, uh, no matter how bad it gets, that doesn't change. Sammy, I'm sorry.
- Castiel: You can't reach him, Dean. You're outside your coverage zone.
- Dean: What're you gonna do to Sam?
- Castiel: Nothing. He's gonna do it to himself.
- Dean: What's that supposed to mean? Oh right, right. Better toe the company line. Why are you here, Cas?
- Castiel: We've been through much together, you and I; I just wanted to say I'm sorry it ended like this.
- Dean: Sorry? [Dean hits Castiel] It's Armageddon, Cas, you need a bigger word than "sorry."
-: You can take your peace... and shove it up your lily-white ass. 'Cause I'll! And you were gonna help me once, weren't you? You were gonna warn me about all this, before they dragged you back to Bible Camp. Help me, now. Please.
- Castiel: What would you have me do?
- Dean: Get me to Sam. We can stop this before it's too late!
- Castiel: I do that, we will all be hunted! We'll all be killed!
- Dean: If there is anything worth dying for... this is it... [Castiel shakes his head] You spineless, soulless, son of a bitch. What do you care about dying? You're already dead. We're done.
- Castiel: Dean.
- Dean: We're done.
- Ruby: I can't believe it.
- Sam: Ruby, what's going on?
- Ruby: You did it. I-I mean, it was a little touch and go there for a while, but you did it.
- Sam: What? What-what did I do?
- Ruby: You opened the door, and now he's free at last. He's free at last!
- Sam: No, no, no-he, uh, Lilith. I stopped her. I killed her!
- Ruby: "And it is written, that the first demon shall be the last Seal." And you bust her open, now guess who's coming to dinner.
- Sam: Oh my god...
- Ruby: Guess again!
CastEdit
-Edit
- Supernatural quotes at the Internet Movie Database
- Supernatural at TV.com
- Supernatural Wiki
- Watch SupernaturalValve is finding ways to eliminate and ban games that include blockchain technology to utilise digital currency like Bitcoin and non-fungible tokens – NFTs – as game mechanics from Steam. Blockchain tech, and NFTs specifically, have turned into an interesting issue in tech of late, with a few new PC games utilizing the innovation in different ways, either in digital currency mining or as another idea for microtransactions. Valve’s new onboarding direction denies the utilization of these mechanics, and a few games have as of now been delisted from the stage under the principles.
Valve has refreshed its onboarding direction for SteamWorks, Valve’s API for distributing games and mods on Steam. The standards and rules mentioned in this report have been refreshed, explicitly the things under the heading ‘What you shouldn’t distribute on Steam.’ This rundown incorporates clear stuff like disdain discourse, physically unequivocal pictures of genuine individuals (i.e., porn), and malware.
Presently, nonetheless, the rundown has developed. Another list item disallows “Applications based on blockchain technology that issue or permit trade of cryptocurrency or NFTs.”
Valve hasn’t clarified why it’s forbidding NFTs
Valve hasn’t clarified why it’s forbidding NFTs and digital forms of money from Steam, yet the choice doesn’t seem established in any of the new embarrassments or debates around blockchain tech: NFTs have been utilized to trick individuals out of millions of dollars in return for what adds up to a receipt for a JPG, it’s directed to robbery of workmanship intended for different games, and the natural expense of blockchain records stays a questionable issue.
A progression of tweets from Age of Rust developer SpacePirate gives us a little understanding. Period of Rust appoints NFTs to exceptional things and gear, and even missions. SpacePirate tweeted Thursday that the organization was advised that Steam would eliminate all blockchain-based activities, including Age of Rust
SpacePirate says that Steam’s prohibition on NFTs and cryptographic money is an augmentation of an overall restriction on things that have a true financial worth. (@SpacePirate_io) October 14, 2021
One potential clarification behind Valve’s decision to ban NFTs and digital currencies is the lawful difficulty the organisation got into in 2016 for neglecting to check betting on CS:GO skins. At a certain point, Valve prohibited seven players for purposefully losing a game to dominate huge number of dollars worth of CS:GO skins. Valve wound up giving an uncommon assertion a short time later, saying that ace CS:GO players shouldn’t bet or connect with any betting elements or give data that may impact CS:GO wagering. Two well known YouTubers who advanced a CS:GO betting site without revealing they co-possessed they were additionally requested by the FTC to not repeat the experience and give records of consistence to the following 10 years, yet in any case they got away without any consequence, which maddened a lot of people.Advanced Search
Record
Code
NA8953
Person Name
Macarthur family; family
Epithet
family
Activity
Duncan, Peter, Alexander, John and David Macarthur were all sons of John Macarthur, Cawdor, Nairnshire, Scotland.Duncan Macarthur (1840-1907), was born in Cawdor, Nairnshire, Scotland, in 1840, the eldest son of John Macarthur. He was educated at the Free Church Academy, Nairn, and obtained employment with the Hudson's Bay Company in 1865. In 1872 he migrated to Manitoba, Canada. For ten years he was manager of the Merchant's Bank of Canada, in Winnipeg. He retired and became President of the New Commercial Bank of Manitoba. He was president of the Manitoba and Northwester Railway Company, President of the Northwest Fire Insurance Company, Director of Canada Settlers Trust and Loan Company, Director of the Manitoba and North West Land Corporation and actively promoted the Hudson Bay Railway Company. He wrote and published several lectures and pamphlets on public subjects. In 1886 he married Elizabeth, the daughter of Justice Mackeaghney. He died in 1907.Peter Macarthur (1841-1936) was born in Cawdor, Nairnshire, Scotland, in 1841. He was apprenticed to a cabinet maker and subsequently emigrated to Canada in 1862. He joined his brothers Duncan and Alexander in Toronto, where he worked for a cabinet maker. Following the American Civil War, 1861-1865, he lived in Iowa, United States of America, where he operated a water power wood worling plant. In 1880 together with Reginald Pratt, he organised the North West Navigation Company. He was a pioneer in transportation and lumbering enterprises. He died in 1936 aged 95. Alexander Macarthur (1843-1887) emigrated to Montreal, Canada, and worked for the Hudson's Bay Company. In 1869 he moved to Winnipeg and worked in the lumber business until 1878. From 1878 to 1885 he was manager of the Manitoba Investment Association.David Macarthur (1850-1928), emigrated from Scotland to Winnipeg, Canada.
Add to My Items
Useful Links
Wolfson Reading Room
Special Collections
Museums
Tweets by theRCNAbstract
Fracture geometries and fracture-sealing characteristics in dolostones reflect interactions among mechanical and chemical processes integrated over geological timescales. The mechanics of subcritical fracture growth results in fracture sets having power-law size distributions where the attributes of large, open fractures that affect reservoir flow behaviour can be accurately inferred from observations of cement-sealed microfractures and other microscopic diagenetic features, which are widespread in dolostones. Fracture porosity is governed by the competing rates of fracture opening and cement precipitation during fracture growth and by cements that post-date fracture opening.
Combined analysis of structural and diagenetic features provides the best approach for understanding how fracture systems influence fluid flow. We review previous work and integrate new data on fractures and diagenetic features in cores from the Lower Ordovician Ellenburger and Permian Clear Fork formations in West Texas, and the Lower Ordovician Knox Group in Mississippi, together with outcrop samples of Lower Cretaceous Cupido Formation dolostones from the Sierra Madre Oriental, Mexico, in order to illustrate our approach.
-.Download: Official Gazette
The Code on Wages, 2019, the first law under labour reforms, is likely to be implemented by September as the Ministry of Labour and Employment has put draft rules of the law in public domain for feedback, a senior official said.
Parliament in August last year approved the code to enable introduction of a minimum wage for every worker besides addressing issues like delay in payment to employees.
The Labour Ministry has put the draft rules issued on July 7 in the official gazette.
“The draft rules on the Code would be open for public feedback for 45 days from July 7, 2020, the day when the Labour Ministry notified those in the gazette. If everything goes well then the draft rules would be implemented by September after taking into consideration public comments,” a senior Labour Ministry official told PTI.
Labour Minister Santosh Gangwar at the time of passage of the code had asserted in Parliament that it will benefit about 50 crore workers in the country.
The Code on Wages Bill, 2019, seeks to amend and consolidate laws relating to wages, bonus and matters connected therewith. It was passed in Rajya Sabha on August 2, 2019. Lok Sabha passed theh bill on July 30, 2019.
The Code will subsume four labour laws—Minimum Wages Act, Payment of Wages Act, Payment of Bonus Act and Equal Remuneration Act. After its enactment, all these four Acts would be repealed.
The Code universalised the provision of minimum wages and timely payment of wages to all employees irrespective of the sector and wage ceiling, he said. At present, the provisions of both Minimum Wages Act and Payment of Wages Act apply on workers below a particular wage ceiling working in Scheduled Employments only.
There are 12 definitions of wages in different labour laws leading to litigation besides difficulty in implementation. The definition has been simplified in the Code and is expected to reduce litigation and also reduce compliance cost for employers.
The Code will effectively address the problems relating to delay in payment of wages whether on monthly, weekly or daily basis. The Code will ensure that there is no discrimination between male and female as well as transgenders in getting wages.
The draft rules provide for eight hours working day under the Code of Wages. Thus there is no change in the working hours provision as provided under the Factory Act. There were apprehensions that the working hours may be increased. During lockdown some states had taken the decision to increase the working hours to make up for the production loss.
The Code provides that the floor wage will be computed based on minimum living conditions which would benefit about 50 crore workers across the country.
As per the draft rules, a central advisory board would fix the floor level minimum wages taking into account the minimum living standard including the food, clothing, housing and any other factors considered by the government.
The Code on Wages is part of labour reforms and the first law under the central government’s initiative which would be implemented.
The central government has been working to concise 44 central labour laws into four broad codes on wages, industrial relations, social security and occupational health & safety (OCH).
The Industrial Relations Code, 2019, The Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2019, and The Code on Social Security, 2019 were introduced in Lok Sabha last year and sent for scrutiny by the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Labour. The panel had submitted reports on codes on industrial relations and OCH. The report on social security code is awaited. PTI located in Dover, Delaware. Our intent is to set the local youth in the perfect direction and help them lead a prosperous life by instructing them gymnastics and the values that come
Business Name:
Gym Starz of Dover DE
Address:
155 Commerce Way, Suite DDover Delaware 19904United States
Phone:
(302) 697-1221
Website:
Our Newest ProfilesNII Recruitment 2021 – Apply For Latest National Institute of Immunology Jobs . NII Vacancy 2021 . Current NII Jobs Openings In National Institute of Immunology. Online Applications Invited By National Institute of Immunology. New Government Jobs In NII. NII Delhi Employment News 2021.
Candidates those are finding for careers in National Institute of Immunology, There is such a great career opportunity available for job seekers in NII Delhi. National Institute of Immunology Published a New Government Jobs Notification for freshers and experienced candidates. Those aspirants who are interested to work with NII Delhi, they can apply for Research Associate position. Here you can confirm that you are eligible and having all the educational and other qualifications. If you fulfill all eligibility criteria, you will be eligible to fill NII Recruitment Application form Form. In the below paragraphs you will find all details of NII Jobs 2021.
National Institute of Immunology Recruitment 2021 – Application Form Invited For Research Associate Job Vacancies In New Delhi
NII Notification 2021: Good news here from National Institute of Immunology organization because NII Notification 2021 out on official website by National Institute of Immunology For Research Associate Position. Those aspirants searching Research Associate job vacancies in National Institute of Immunology organization. Candidates Who Ph.D degree are eligible For National Institute of Immunology Research Associate Position Recruitment. According To NII Notification. Aspirants those are interested in this NII Recruitment 2021 can read this news and submit their application form for Research AssociateII Recruitment.
Summarized Details Of NII Recruitment Notification 2021
Detailed Description For NII Recruitment 2021-2022
According to NII Notification 2021 there are Research Associate job vacancies available. NII Vacancy 2021 details describe in the below table. You can check total numbers of NII vacancies 2021 in this table.
Research Associate :- 01 Post
Desired Qualification For NII Research Associate Recruitment 2021 :-
Candidates who wanted to submit NII Research Associate Application form 2021 should have following desire qualification given in below.
NII Application Form Fees Structure
You can read the details of NII Research Associate Application form fees in the below section. You can also check how to pay NII Vacancy 2021 application form fees.
Fee for GEN/OBC :- Nil
Fee for SC/ST Candidates :- Nil
Candidates should pay the NII Research Associate Application form fees through Debit card credit card online banking as per guideline given in NII Notification PDF attach in below section.
NII Recruitment 2021 Age Criteria:-
The National Institute of Immunology Organization set age criteria for candidates who wants to apply for jobs in NII. Description of age criteria summarized below-
- Not Mention
- In case of reserve categories government rules will be applicable. You can read complete details of NII Research Associate recruitment 2021 in official notification.
Pay Scale & Other Benefits :-
Selected candidates will get paid good benefits and salary as mentioned below:
- Rs. 47,000/- Per Month.
Selection Procedure:-
Candidates who applied for NII Research Associate Job Vacancies, are selected on basis of-
- Personal Interview
How you can apply for NII Recruitment 2021?
Candidates those are interested in NII Recruitment and want to apply, They can read and check following steps to apply for NII Jobs 2021 but before check your eligibility.
- First of all you should have to carefully read NII Jobs Notification PDF.
- Then make sure you are eligible.
- Take ready all the documents required for form filling.
- Interested Candidates Apply Online Before The Last Date.
Dates To Remember
Form Submission Last Date – 29 Nov 2021
Download NII Notification 2021 PDF Link
Why You Choose Sarkarinaukri20.com For Finding Latest Delhi Govt Jobs in National Institute of Immunology
Great To See You, On Our Job Portal. Here You Can Find Jobs According Your Portfolio. Sarkarinaukri20.com is best and a Top Indian Job site there you can find out Latest NII Jobs 2021. You should also check Upcoming Govt Jobs 2021 in National Institute of Immunology Organization. Sarkarinaukri20.com always provides instant Jobs vacancy news those publish on National Institute of Immunology Official website.
Job seekers can get Latest announcements of NII Sarkari Naukri 2021 and other State government Jobs or Central Government Jobs available in this season 2021-2022. Sarkarinaukri20.com curated “NII Govt Jobs 2021” collection/NII Job list containing latest recruitment notifications published by the National Institute of Immunology Organization.
FAQ for NII Notification 2021
NII Govt Jobs for 08th, 10th Pass, 12th Pass and Diploma Degree Holders
You can find Here is the latest NII Sarkari Naukri that we update every day. We’ve updated the list with latest NII Govt Jobs 2021-2022 notifications released by the National Institute of Immunology Govt Organizations. On this Sarkari Naukri 2021 website You should Check 08th Pass Govt Jobs 2021, 10th Pass Govt Jobs 2021, 12th Pass Govt Jobs 2021 and All Diploma Degree Jobs in National Institute of Immunology Organization.
How to Track of NII Government Jobs Notifications 2021?
As you are an Indian citizen and looking NII Govt Jobs or Sarkari Naukri, you want to be updated the latest Government Jobs notifications in National Institute of Immunology. Whether they are released by your concerned government. You can keep the track of NII New Government Jobs notifications using our Free Job Alert functionality. Using this Sarkari job alert service you can receive NII Current Govt Jobs 2021 notifications on your mobile device. The better thing is this that you can customize the Latest Job notifications in National Institute of Immunology according to your requirements.
Job seekers can get latest notification for NII Jobs in Delhi location as well as State and Central Govt Jobs in Delhi 2021. So keep your eyes on our Sarkari Naukri Blog for Find out Latest NII Delhi Recruitment 2021. To check Latest Delhi Govt Jobs 2021 from here.
Friends if you are satisfied with this amazing information for NII Recruitment 2021 provided by Sarkarinaukri20.com. Then Share this amazing and excited information with your friends and family members and help them to find out NII Sarkari Naukri. You are our valuable visitor. Thanks for read this helpful article. We will try to provided you Upcoming Govt Jobs in National Institute of Immunology Organization as soon as.Transcription:
My name is Dr. George Birnbach and today we’re going to be talking about how to eliminate sales in a selling environment. This is an interesting thing; I want to bring you a parallel that I was thinking about the other day and why it’s working so well in the offices that we use it. One of the places we’ve decided to start using this is in clinics that have higher end products.
In other words, they’re selling programs that are three thousand, four thousand, eight thousand fourteen thousand dollars. Their year-long plans or their high-end stem-cell plans, or they are Chiropractic programs that are six months or more and the salesmanship involved in that is quite unique because you can start progressing into a very gimmicky or a very manipulation based sales process and that’s never what we want in our clinics. The goal of doing this right is that you never feel like you’re selling anything what you’re doing is you’re facilitating or you’re allowing someone to come into your world.
I want to take a journey with you, and I want you to think of hanging out at a bar hanging out at a club hanging out in a meet-and-greet environment. Maybe that’s a business and industry group like a BNI group. Maybe it’s a social event. Maybe it’s a chamber of commerce. Maybe it’s a dating place and think of this like this place you go to meet people like a meat market if you stop and you open your eyes and you just look around if you become the quiet person in the corner and go people watching for a minute.
What I think you’ll start seeing is that salesmanship is all around you. There’s prospecting looking around the room wondering if that’s the person you should be speaking to. There’s value building me trying to convince you that I’m worth your time energy effort. That maybe I have something that would benefit you so we should go out on a date and then there are people trying to close the deal.
Hey, would you like to go home? Would you like to go to another place? Can we go somewhere and talk getting that action-based commitment? Now when you think about this environment certain things usually happen if you had a great experience going through environments like this, you might feel very positive about it.
You know what? I had a great experience in college. I had a great experience in the dating scene. I had a lot of fun. I met some great people. I met the person I’m with now, but you also may not have had a great experience. I have yet to meet a woman who didn’t date someone who was not the best person for them.
I have yet to meet a man who didn’t quite do the same thing. What we’re doing in our prospecting is trying to assess a situation. What we’re doing in value building is trying to give people a reason to find Value in us and what we’re doing in closing the deal is trying to get an action-based commitment.
If we look around the natural scene of this. when you look around our people ordering people around. Are they telling people what to do if I walked up to you? I walk up to Aundrea in a bar and I say “Hi, I saw you from across the room come with me. Let’s go home!” That caveman hit people over the head approach is just going to get you punched in the nose and a whistle being blown and suddenly you run out of town on a rail, but they’re not telling people what to do.
What are they doing? They’re asking. “May I ask your name? Can I buy you a drink? Where do you work?” In other words, the questions are built off foundations that are easy to accept. These are called FORD questions family, occupation, recreation, and desire. Family, occupation, recreation, and desire. I can say “hey, are you currently seeing anyone?” That’s a family question.
You know, I have a 13-year-old daughter. “Do you have any children?” That’s a family question. “Hey, are you new to the area or did you grow up here?” That’s a family question. Occupation: “What do you do when you’re not here? Hey, I love this building. What do you like most about working here an occupation question?”
Recreation: “hey, what do you do when you’re not here working?” “Hey, I’m new to the area. What’s fun to do around here.” “What are you looking forward to coming up?” All Recreation questions and then desires. “Hey, if there is one place you’d like to travel, where would it be?” “What’s one place you always wanted to go?”
“Hey, you’ve had headaches for 6 months. What would you like those to become?”
You see whenever we ask questions if we don’t have any sense of rapport being built yet. We need to stick to these FORD questions. Family, occupation, recreation, and desire because what we found is when we treat marketing like dating, we get a better result by investing some attention into them. We can uncover their true needs and earn their interest and attention without having to push or close.
In fact, we can help facilitate people onto real strong programs without ever feeling like we’re selling anything. Does that make sense? But when we’re asking questions, we must make sure that the questions match the context or the situation that we’re in. If you and I are having a quick conversation, I don’t say” hey, why don’t we get together and talk sometime?”
I might turn around and say “hey, can I grab your contact information and we’ll grab a quick call to go over the details?” Or “listen, I don’t have time to be on the phone right now.” “Great. Can I send you some information just helped me with your email address? I’ll get it right over to you.” You can look at it on your own time. You know “Brandon you’ve been dealing with this back pain for seven months now and you said that it stops you from sailing.
It stopped you from doing yoga and it stopped you from playing golf all the things you enjoyed growing up. Honestly, would it be okay if I introduce you to Dr. Birnbach?”
I say Lee or Pam in an ideal world, would you like help with this? If your wrist is hurting and you can no longer type, but your job is about typing. Would you like help with this? Right? Or Krista you’re coming off that massage table and you’re exhausted and that was a ten-minute massage that’s usually energizing.
Can I help you find an answer to this? We’re asking questions based on FORD, right? Family, occupation, recreation or desire but we’re making sure the questions are in the right context because questions create movement and movement gives momentum. Okay, you can’t get momentum until you initially get movement.
Don’t rush every answer they give to become a solution conversation. If they said, you know, I’ve headaches well, how long have you had them six months? We’ll come over here. Let us help you with that right away because of that movement to a solution conversation. Really puts their defenses up.
If you don’t do that and you focus your questions on clarity, purpose, and attainment. “What’s really going on? How long has that been going on? Well, what have you done up until now to fix it? Well, why did you decide to go that route? Why do you think it didn’t work? What would you like the outcome of this to be if there was a chance for me to help you?”
“What would you like the outcome to be if we focus our questions on the FORD Model and we parallel them with our motivation aspects of clarity, purpose, and attainment. That’s going to give a deeper dive into interest and then their defenses will never come up and they’ll be looking at you like a facilitator.
They will stop missing their appointments, your show rate should go through the roof because now you’re developing a relationship and relationship-based conversation allows for leeway. That means that they’re going to have a bond to you, a commitment to a person. Instead of just giving them ideas and information and inspiration you’re giving them a relationship that they’re going to want to maintain and nurture.
My mental checklist in your head at a marketing event. You should have a mental checklist of where your relationship lies. With the person, you’re speaking to number one. Do they have frustration? Have you identified a frustration right off the massage consent form? But remember a frustration isn’t a memory.
It’s something they’re experiencing in real time. Do they have frustration do they know what they feel about it? Well, you’ve had headaches quite a long time. That’s not good. How do you feel about being stuck with headaches? while I think it isn’t good, that’s what you think about it. How do you feel about it?
Feel is happy, sad, lost alone. Think is “well, I see my progression” and what I want instead, I want to know how they feel about it. If you did not pull out a feeling from speaking to them. You’re not deep enough in that conversation. Am I in a rapport with them? Remember there are five levels of rapport.
I can talk to you we can talk together. I can influence your action state using words. I can influence your action state using nonverbals and then a commitment-based rapport, which is I will act, or you will act in accordance to an agreement that you and I have that’s kind of like marriage when you guys are in separate cities.
You act in accordance with the agreements and promises you’ve made. Do they have frustration? Have I understood how they feel about it? Am I in rapport with them, at what level? What solution do they want? And that’s sometimes just as easy as asking the question. If I can help you with this, what do you want the outcome to be?
Now can I position myself as facilitating that solution? That means can I actually helped them, have I helped anyone else in the history with the problem that they have so I can feel confident about recommending that they work with me and then can I deliver information to them so they can see a definable future, you know, I’d like you to get an appointment so that you get this result.
That’s a definable future. You see once we go through that mental checklist. We’re in good rapport. Now instead of pushing them towards a conversion element like scheduling an appointment. We are allowing them to schedule just by asking them would it be okay if I introduce you to Dr. Birnbach, can I help you find an appointment for this because honestly, it’s the right thing to do.
I’ve seen this a hundred times. This is the right thing to do. Listen, based on what we’ve gone over here. It makes sense to move forward with an appointment. Does this make sense to you? You’ve been stuck with this a long time.
May I find you an appointment to meet Dr. Birnbach and they say yes, and then I finish with Primacy. You’re going to like the office, but you’re really going to like Dr. Birnbach. Honestly, he’s only concerned about two things what’s going on and how he can help you. It may not be right for everybody, but it is right for you.
So here, let me help you. Give me a check in right now a yes or no. Does this sound comfortable to you? See what we’re looking for here is a really strong emotional bond between you and them and we only have minutes to move this forward. This is an emotional bond without overstepping your boundaries.
I want you to respect the process meaning the massage event process and respect the rapport building process that REV cycle. And respect the person by asking them questions and validating what they say by using good pacing and speed and intention but by using dating techniques to improve your commitments, you’re going to drastically improve your show rates.
I promise you that. Alright, my friends. My name is Dr. George Birnbach. Here was your 10-minute training on improving your show rate by using dating techniques. In the conversion process go out. Have a great time. Keep us informed of your results so we can keep everything moving forward. All right. I’ll talk to you all real soon. Bye. Bye.Most gardeners add color to their garden and landscape areas with the use of flowers. However, once you learn how to grow coleus properly, you can use this stunning plant as a great alternative to having only flowers. Let this easy-to-grow plant’s foliage provide beautiful colors to your landscape for a change!
This once staple of Victorian gardens years ago is now a popular choice for all types of garden locations. And don’t worry; Growing coleus is super easy to do.
Coleus is a warm weather-loving, tropical plant that is part of the Mint family. It is grown as a perennial in Zones 10-11 but can be grown as an annual everywhere else. (Find your own Growing Zone Here.) Coleus cannot handle cold temperatures and will be one of the first plants to die due to frost in early Fall.
Unlike most flowers, the stunning part of the coleus plant is its foliage. With thin, tender square stems and opposite growing leaves, they are a great plant for adding colorful foliage and interest to your gardening areas, potted containers, hanging baskets, or flowerbeds.
Varieties of Coleus – How To Grow Coleus
There are hundreds of different varieties of coleus that all vary in their leaf textures, patterns, and colors. In addition, new varieties are being created each year that have even more interesting leaf patterns as well as different sun preferences.
Coleus plants typically range in size from 6 inches to 26 inches in height and can be in either upright, rounded, or trailing forms.
Their foliage can range in shades of maroon, purple, red, pink, yellow, or green. Their leaves typically have a leather-like feel and can have a variety of different patterns.
How To Plant, Grow, And Maintain Coleus
Soil Requirements for Coleus
Coleus do well in almost any type of soil as long as it is rich, fertile, and well-draining. Consider amending the soil if you have hard or clay-like soil. Adding in a bit of compost when planting is always beneficial for any soil type. The soil pH should be neutral or just slightly acidic.
One of the most important aspects when it comes to planting or transplanting coleus is to make sure the soil temperature is warm enough before planting. Wait until soil temperatures reach at least 65 to 70º Fahrenheit (18 to 21º Celsius) before transplanting.
Planting Coleus
Coleus can be grown from either seeds or planted as transplants, but most gardeners prefer to use transplants. You can also easily create new plants by using cuttings. (More on propagating in a little bit )
Depending on the variety, coleus can either be planted in full shade, partial shade, or even full sun. Most coleus plants, however, require some shade.
Place plants around 8 to 12 inches apart, depending on the kind of look you are going for. The size of the grown plant will depend on the variety you choose and how much pinching you do early on.
Starting Seeds Indoors
If you choose to start your coleus from seeds, you will need to do so 8 to 10 weeks before your Last Spring Frost Date. A great advantage to starting your own seeds indoors is that you can grow different varieties that your local greenhouses or nurseries may not carry.
Coleus seeds are tiny, but try to lightly sprinkle the seeds on a tray filled with moistened seed starting soil or potting mix. The seeds need just a light cover of soil since they need light to help them germinate properly. (So don’t forget to turn on your grow lights!) You may wish to cover the tray with plastic wrap for the first couple of weeks. Remove once seedlings appear. Keep the soil moist but not saturated.
Seeds can take up to 21 days to germinate, so be patient. Once you see two sets of leaves appear on the stems, transplant them into larger pots or thin accordingly. Plant your seedlings outside only after the threat of frost is gone and the outdoor nighttime temperatures stay above 60º Fahrenheit (15º Celsius).
Long-Term Care – How To Grow and Maintain Coleus
Coleus is very quick-growing and will become a mature plant in one growing season. Take care to keep the following tips in mind so you can get the most out of your coleus plants.
Watering
Keeping the roots of a coleus plant properly moist is imperative to the health and growth of the plant. You want the soil to be damp but not saturated or else you might run into issues of root rot.
If you are growing coleus in potted containers or baskets, you will likely need to water the plants daily, if not twice a day in really warm climates. If it feels dry one inch below the soil’s surface, it’s time to water. Also make sure your containers have holes on the bottom to allow excess water to drain properly.
If your coleus is planted in flowerbeds or garden areas, just regularly check the soil moisture to keep it from completely drying out and water as needed.
Fertilizing
Coleus are not heavy feeders, so minimal fertilizing is required. Container plants benefit the most from a little boost of nutrients since they tend to become depleted quicker than plants in the ground soil.
Give container plants a small dose of liquid fertilizer such as Compost Tea every 10 to 14 days for best results. For flowerbed or garden plants, fertilize monthly with an all-purpose, slow-release fertilizer.
Pinching
To help encourage your coleus to have a more dense growth of foliage, you should pinch back the plant in the first few months. Your coleus plant will become tall and leggy without proper pinching.
When your plants are 6 inches tall, begin pinching plants back to a set of leaves by using sharp gardening shears or just your fingernail. Stems of coleus plants are fragile and soft, so they should break off without any issues.
Continue to pinch back every so often. This will ensure a thick, bushier coleus plant.
Flowers
Coleus plants send up tiny stems of blooms as they begin to mature. Most gardeners choose to pinch off the blooms since they aren’t all that attractive and it allows the plant to focus more energy on the beautiful foliage instead.
Pests & Issues
The greatest threat to coleus plants is in the form of excessive moisture, causing root and stem rot. If you choose to mulch around coleus plants, keep mulch away from the stems of the plants. Avoid standing water and over watering to prevent the plant’s roots from rotting.
Aphids, whiteflies, and mealybugs tend to be the biggest insect issue for coleus plants.
Propagating Coleus – How To Grow Coleus
As mentioned earlier, you can grow coleus plants by propagating. It’s a great way to add more plants to your property for free!
Simply cut 4 to 6 inches of a mature stem that contains a few leaves. You can even use one of the stems that you pinched off as well. Remove the bottom few leaves, letting the upright top leaves remain. Place into a cup of water or into a potting soil mix. You may add a root toner if you’d like, but it is not needed with coleus plants.
Since coleus plants root easily, you should start to see new roots within a week or two. Transplant the cutting into their final destination following the tips above.
End of Year Care
Coleus will be one of the first plants to die due to light freezes and frost at the end of the growing season in early Fall. You may choose to compost your plants, or you can bring some of your coleus plants inside to live as houseplants until the next year.
To turn your outdoor coleus plants into houseplants, take a few cuttings off of the healthiest, prettiest, and strongest plants and add them to pots or containers. The indoor plants will need some indirect sun in the warmer months and possibly filtered sun during the winter months.
You can also use a bit of artificial light as well if needed. Just make sure to keep the soil moist while kept indoors.
To Conclude…
Coleus are the perfect way to add a variety of stunning foliage and interest to your garden areas and to your container plants. Between all of the different colors and varieties offered, there is definitely one to match your garden and landscape designs!
Feel free to download, print out, or save our Coleus At-A-Glance sheet. It is sized for half letter printing but can be scaled if needed.
When you choose a fabulous 18th century mansion as your venue you know your wedding is going to be just a little bit glamorous. Picking the gorgeous Faithlegg House Hotel as their venue, Laura and Ian went all out with glam gold and pearl decor details and a stunning silk wedding dress for bride Laura. No detail was left unattended, and the lovely Egle of White Cat Studio captured them all for us to enjoy...
Laura tells us how she and Ian first got together..."Ian lived in Dublin before we met, and happened to be living with my good friend Heather’s now husband, Frank. Although I had met Frank loads of times, and had met some of his friends, Ian and I had never met. Heather rang one Wednesday evening, and asked me if I fancied going to a BBQ with her in Dublin that weekend, and I thought why not? I knew only Heather and Frank at the BBQ, and as it was in Frank's house, it was mostly his friends there. Ian was there and although he seemed friendly we didn’t really chat until later in the evening when we all headed to a bar in town..."
continued..."He made his way to chat to me, and we ended up talking all night. He seemed so down to earth but when he told me he thought I was beautiful I was convinced it was a line and interpreted his actions as insincere. When I told Heather of this the next day, she almost fell over laughing. I know now that I couldn’t have been more wrong, as Ian is one of the kindest, most genuine people I’ve ever met. We met again a couple of months later at another party, and this time, I knew he was being sincere when we chatted for the night. We had our first proper date a week later, and we’ve been inseparable ever since."
That dress...
To propose Ian pulled out all the stops, Laura remembers..."We had always spoken about getting married, and it was part of our long term plan but with just having bought a house I had thought it was a long way off. My parents immigrated to Spain a couple of months into our relationship, but Ian has always had a great relationship with them. He wanted to make sure that they were here to celebrate with us when he did propose, as he knew how much it would mean to both me, and them to have them here. Ian was spending Christmas with his family and as I said goodbye to him on Christmas Eve morning little did I know that he had asked my father for his blessing the night before so plans were already in motion. He had seemed quite distant the night before and kept asking about my plans for Christmas day and approximate time I’d be back to our house, but I didn’t think much of it at the time. I spent the day with my family at my father’s family home and Ian had kept in touch throughout the day by text. We headed home when my mother insisted that it was late (it wasn’t but I know now that she knew and was anxious to get me home and allay Ian’s anxiety!)"
Laura continues..."As we pulled into the drive the first thing I noticed was the candles. It appeared that Ian had lit every candle in the house, not his usual routine! He also came to the front door to greet everyone but when I got out of the car and gathered all of my belongings he had disappeared along with everyone else. I entered the house to candlelight, tea lights lighting the way like a runway to the kitchen. The faint sound of John Legends “all of me” was the next thing to strike me, as I made my way to the kitchen I was quite unsure what was going to greet me. I came in the door, to a nervous looking Ian with a dozen long stem red roses and a ring box down on one knee illuminated by candles everywhere. I’d love to say I said yes immediately but I sobbed and hugged him for almost 10 minutes before finally blubbering yes! My mum appeared and produced champagne which she had hidden in the back garden to chill for fear I would have found it in the fridge. Dad had told her the night before knowing she would kill him for not telling her as soon as he knew! We spent the rest of the evening celebrating and drinking champagne!"
For their wedding Laura and Ian wanted "a vintage feel, with old Hollywood glam elements." To create this look Laura and Ian opted for a glamorous winter wedding at the beautiful Faithlegg House Hotel & Golf Resort.
Laura describes what made Faithlegg perfect for them..."We looked at a number of venues in Munster, but only actually visited one. Driving up the winding road to the main house in Faithlegg, we knew we were going to love it, and we weren’t disappointed when we went inside. It has that vintage feel, and while the ball room can accommodate relatively large numbers it still feels intimate. The food was amazing, so we were sold. The team in Faithlegg were so helpful, we never felt at sea with anything on the run up."
Putting lots of love and attention into each element of the wedding Laura and Ian wanted to ensure the ceremony got just as much thought as the style of the day. Laura recalls..."We spent months looking at readings and songs, ending up with readings from O. J Preston, Robert Fulghum and Meet Joe Black and music from Florence and the Machine, Ellie Goulding and the Lumineers. In a nutshell, it was us! Our wine ceremony had been in the planning for months. We sourced a beautiful bottle of Rioja and a custom box from Etsy and added wax sealed letters to each other during the ceremony. It was originally suggested that this should be opened on our first fight but not wanting to tempt a disagreement we decided to open it on our 5th anniversary instead."
Emulating the glamorous bridal look Laura choose a floor length silk gown, with gold shoes, a bird cage veil and fur stole to keep warm. To complete the look Laura had a beautiful bouquet from Bloomsday Flowers which she added two charms to. She explains..."I made charms for my bouquet with both my sets of grandparents included. The pictures I used for this were scenes of them celebrating and dancing, which made me feel like they walked me up the isle along with my Dad and toasted us at the reception."
The reception look was kept just as glam with lots of gold DIY details, a confetti and cigar bar, gold frame table names and cute ferrero rocher wedding favours.
To compliment the décor Laura and Ian also had an impressive cake table set up using their grandparent's china. Laura told us..."The cake display meant a lot to both of us. The china on the left was my paternal grandmothers, and Ian’s maternal grandmother’s china was on the right. Neither of them were alive to see the day, so we wanted them to be part of it all. Ann Marie from Cherub Couture brought my cake design to life with such precision, we were thrilled. Topped off with the floral display and a love cake topper which I sourced from Etsy, it was everything we wanted and more."
Following their glam Faithlegg House Hotel wedding Laura and Ian took a min-moon to The Bonerowski Palace in Krakow for four nights and are now planning a honeymoon that will include Kuala Lumpar, Borneo and a longer stay in The Datai Resort Langkawi. Huge congratulations to you both and thanks so much for sharing your wedding with us all!
A big thank you also goes to White Cat Studio for sharing her work with us. To see more from White Cat Studio visit
Recommended Suppliers
Venue: Faithlegg House Hotel
Photographer: White Cat Studio
Flowers: Bloomsday Flowers
Cake: Cherub Couture
The Wedding Details
- Wedding Dress: Lilac Rose Bridal
- Bridesmaids Dresses: Etsy
- Shoes: No. 1 Jenny Packham
- Groomsmen’s suits: Magee and Simply Suits
- Veil: Gilded Shadows
- Stationery: Wedding Paper Divas
- Make Up & Hair: Kate Noonan and Aisling Kelleher
- Wedding Bands: Bespoke Diamonds
- Reception Music: South East Wedding Music and The Moogs
- Officiant: Gary Baitson from Spiritual CeremoniesAfterwardsness is part of the Park Avenue Armory’s Social Distance Hall, a series of new performing arts commissions created by artists during the pandemic and designed to be experienced in a safe, socially distanced way. Leveraging the flexible and airy expanse of the Armory’s 55,000 square foot Wade Thompson Drill Hall, the Armory spent the last year working with artists to create new projects that respond to salient themes including isolation, community, public health, and social justice. The Armory has carefully curated every detail of the in-person experience to allow live audiences to safely immerse themselves in new music, dance, and movement works.
Google+
YouTube
RSSBergen County Republican Organization (BCRO) Chairman Bob Yudinreads Gov. Jon Corzine's decision to hire Democratic strategist Bill Maer, a former spokesman for the Bergen County Democratic Organization (BCDO), as one more flailing sign from the incumbent governor.
"This shows the absolute desperate nature ofJon Corzine," said Yudin, referring to a report that the Corzine '09 team bringing Maer into the campaign fold.
"Bill Maeris the ultimate political hachet man, and thisclearly showsCorzine's people will have to do desperate things," the GOP chairman added."By selecting the former spokesman for the Ferriero organization, they are willing to resort to politics at its filthiest in an attempt to reverse their fortunes. I can't be more emphatic about this. This shows desperation."
Maer's former boss, former BCDO Chairman Joe Ferriero, faces federal corruption charges in court this fall.
Chairman of a massive battleground county where registered Democrats outnumber Republicans, 159,771 to 104,084, but where 225,753 voters call themselves independents, Yudin said GOP gubernatorial candidate Chris Christie's nine-point lead in this morning's Quinnipiac University poll is good news.
"Consider the fact that Corzine is spending a million per week,"he said."For Chris to maintain a lead of nine points shows the rock-hard support he has. As he is not relying on public financing, Corzine can spend tens of millions of dollars – and is.Chris islimited by public financing and can't do any advertising until after Labor Daybut he's still up by nine points. It's outrageous that the governor in these ads can't talk about any accomplishments.It's clear that Corzine can't buy this one."LIGANOVA's management is restructuring itself
Torsten Dietz and Mathias Ullrich are taking over management of LIGANOVA. Dr. Marc Schumacher is moving to the parent company, Experience One, as Managing Director.
Stuttgart, January 19, 2021 – The LIGANOVA GROUP continues to position itself for the future and has appointed two experienced managers from its own ranks to the management of LIGANOVA GmbH: Effective immediately, Torsten Dietz will steer the Point of Sale Campaigns business unit as Managing Director and Mathias Ullrich will head the Experience Solutions business unit as Managing Director – in addition to managing the strategy consultancy LIGA2037. Both will report to the CEO and founder of LIGANOVA GROUP & Experience One, Vincent Bodo Andrin. After more than five years, Dr. Marc Schumacher is stepping down from the operational management of the GmbH and is moving to the parent company, Experience One, to become its Managing Director.
Under its new dual leadership, LIGANOVA will address the opportunities and challenges of changing demand: This is driven, in particular, by digitization and sustainability. In the future, the company will therefore focus even more on the services provided by the individual business units and thus create the conditions for sustainable, positive development. As part of this, Experience Solutions will be positioned as a creative powerhouse for the design of phygital spaces and hybrid events. The Point of Sale Campaigns unit will, in parallel, offer global services in order to extend the experience of brands and products from the physical space into the digital space. Furthermore, sustainability will play an increasingly important role as a comprehensive initiative at the point of sale. This has so far been met very positively by customers and the market.
“In the wake of the pandemic, the transformation of retail has accelerated sharply. New retail concepts are materializing: The separation between stationary and digital business will disappear and follow a fully integrated approach,” explains Mathias Ullrich. “The commercial brand space of the future is Instagrammable, connected, well curated and offers content that is constantly changing.” Torsten Dietz adds: “Purchasing decisions today are being made based on new criteria. In an increasingly complex world where brand touch points are everywhere, customers are looking for authenticity and orientation. We have both – live on site and digitally.”
More press newsAdded: Nicolaus Easterday - Date: 17.07.2021 05:00 - Views: 22428 - Clicks: 3795
I offer Promescent as first-line therapy to all of my patients with premature ejaculation. Promescent is truly a new experience backed by clinical research and science to make a better you - especially in the bedroom. Promescent has really solved a pressing medical need for the community.
Many men are now buying Promescent not to treat PE, but to last longer. It's a spray for guys to put on their junk that can help them last longer in bed. And it's making a bold claim: that it can close the orgasm gap. Privacy is guaranteed. Packages ship in discreet plain packaging with "Customer Service" as the name on the return address.
Your Cart is Empty X. Continue Shopping X. Discreet shipping, guaranteed. Enjoy all the sensations of sex without holding back or worrying about finishing too soon. Delay Spray. Adult Toys. All I need is a spray or two, to take the edge off while still allowing me to feel everything. Everyone is different, play with the of sprays until you find the perfect amount. I have purchased this spray many times and will be a customer for life. Highly recommend Vitaflux I will be a repeat customer.
Thank you Promescent. My husband and I will be lifetime customers!!! Enjoy more intimate and longer-lasting sex. Targetzone - desensitizes only the areas you want, for a more pleasurable experience. Nitric oxide can increase blood flow, lower blood pressure, aid in erection strength and more. Mohit Khera, M. Baylor College of Medicine.
Ronald Gilbert, M. Promescent Founder, In Memoriam. Antonio Alarcon, M. Alarcon Urology Center.
Our Products. Promescent In The Media.
Discreet Packaging Privacy is guaranteed. Shipped in discreet letter packaging.Delay spray singapore
What are some of the top sprays for premature ejaculation?Viking VSM500 Series Professional Heavy Duty Mixer 5 Qts 800 Watts 12 Speed. In good working and cosmetic condition includes everything shown.
We do our best to describe each item accurately, pointing out all known flaws..We’ve learned to eat when hungry and stop when satisfied. Now, we’re going to learn to take the time to enjoy our food!
Our Need to Rush
We live in a world where powering through is revered. We don’t honor time to rest, reflect, or…. digest. But our bodies need that time to function properly.
We often add our meals to the list of things to do for the day. The average American eats 11 meals from a drive through window!
Doing that often means we miss satisfied and end up at stuffed, and it means we don’t properly chew or digest what we’ve eaten.
This is why so many of us come back from lunch wishing we could go home and take a nap!
Our Need to Multi-Task
One of the biggest problems I (and many other women) have is our need to multi-task. We need to be productive while we eat.
Except that we don’t. We need to rest and digest when we eat!
Since I work from a home office, I have to make an effort to step out of the office and away from the desk to focus on mindful eating.
The same applies on the weekends. I have to stop trying to get errands done or fold laundry while I’m eatnig.
Enjoy Our Food!
For our bodies to function at their best, we need to take the time to enjoy our food.
When we do, we take the time to chew properly, we recognize when we’re full, and we’re relaxed enough to properly digest our food.
Taking the time to enjoy our food also gives us a richer experience of our food which improves our bodies satisfaction with our meal.
While our food choices should be about fueling our bodies, let’s be honest. Food is a sensual experience, and we will be more satisfied by the experience if we take the time to enjoy our food!
How’s the Love Your Body Challenge going for you? What are you struggling with? Drop my a comment, and let’s work on it together!
1 Comment
[…] of the steps we’ve already discussed will help you explore your cravings and identify the root cause, because those habits develop […]Julia. Seeking real sex
VIP
Hi! I'm Anna, a Russian girl in Shanghai for a few weeks on vacation. Want couples.
I can do Top, Bottom, Switch, Men, Women, or Couples. :). The date of Whitsun (Pentecost Sunday) in the year of my birth was Sunday 29 May 1955.. Family orientated and a provider. I like when men kiss my wet pussy.
Hobbies/interests
Lonely women wanting i want to fuck East coast man seeks iowa girl for phone
Sexual Fantasies:
✅Strap On
✅TOY PLAY
✅Fetish
✅Naturism/Nudism
✅Pole Dancing
✅For family couples
✅Role Play & Fantasy
✅Strap On
✅Lesbishow
Note: You must be logged in to post a review.Why is my phone keeping ringing a weird drum beat sound?
My phone has been acting up lately with this unknown weird sound lately. It sounds like a jazz type of beat and it just won't stop, no matter what I do with it. I restarted my phone, I had to delete other apps that was affected by the sound, and tried everything to make this stop, but it didn't.
Esta pergunta é pertinente?The Centre reporter. (Centre Hall, Pa.) 1871-1940, November 17, 1871, Image 1
Bub j. Oar Rnmmrr morning Raby rwr, . To lav nnon my ; 1 kissed her Httte ftwie, sod arid, "We have an wnH gaoat That Snmmer-time wis* glad and gajr With habv Uttfrh and glre; The dearest thing in all the work! My darling war to me. Bnt when the friwit-wtaiilatoiichad the flrtwrer*. Uke them rhe drooped away, And died within iny inkling rtu One aad, sad Autumn day. We made her httle narrow grave Clone hv the garden-wall— It aermed that some time ahe would wake. And for her mother rail. I planted rone and briefly Reside her grave in Spring, And robin* nestled there, and learned Their little oner t ring. It i* a aaered rpot to me. That grata no green ami low; Ah I Heaven cannot be fcr away From Baby's grave, I know. Trouble at Twenty. IXxo this seem strange to yon, my own boat Iriend. That I. who yesterdsv gave back like one Too snrelv lapsing to the straggle V eml, YWdav -sti draw down rapture from the snn, A ltd drink the biasing Woe above iv head, • And flit my sight upon tlie tfcfck-riogsd hills. Till their' sniu-cntcty-slrcngthciMus U sutv fills My heart and strike* a spring into my trvad f Mv youth baa risen np in me tike a sea. To swell above the fainting want of him Whose fkee and life and hive are far Irian me ; Am' on this sea a short swift while I swim : I loft hi* picture un-hroucht-furth to-day, The better to har ont the I dank of lift" Without hun yielding youth an evencr strife With sorrow ; and casual victory by the way Has come to wath. This thiag but feebly comes. This, strength to cast aside the kuawing pain; For swift and sudden • burning chorus hums. Aad whelm* the short resistsiH-e of mv brain ; Aad off I rush, and set the trembling key Within the kick, and snatch the picture onl. And drink the light the features shed about, And hug the banished pain again to me. You sec me now with rapid feet, and eyes That take the sun's broad laugh and laugh it hack; _ But all too soon the weakness will arise Weak a ~-h to strike anew the toilaocn, track : The da nee will tly my feet, the light will fall Out ct my eyes, and I shall fetch in haste His fsee ouce more, and hold the pain em braced The precious pin. the worst, beat thins of *h. M.XETTE, THE QUEEN OF THE RING. The manager bad tendered the services cat the company for a benefit to a hospital which needed hunk, and there was every prospect hi a fashionable, as well as a crowded house. Ninette, our equestrian queen, had entered more fully into the spirit of the scene than any of us, although we were all more than anxious to make thr* affair a great suecws. How I loved Ninette! So oddly, too, that sometimes my own love almost be wildered me; Its persistency having no hope in it, yet its hopelessness having no dcspur. It was a love that never was moved by her indifference or acorn, and never weakened by her coutemnt. She was proud of her own beauty awl of her power over us all, and she never attempted to hide this—never domineering over the female performers, who were all older and plainer than herself, but domineering roost despotically over every male performer in the cirrus. But she did it so prettily and bewitch iugly that I was not the only one who had laid his love at her feet to be trampled 011 at her giriish pleasure. I had but poor health then, and this was one source of Ninette's merry sarcasm. We moved into the dimly-lighted build ing which surrounded the tent, and looked in at the performance. 44 The circus is crowded," Ninette whis- Eed, as she sauntered out with me. 44 1 dly eTcr rcnicnibei our having such a crowd, Ricardo." "And 1 hope we never shall have R again," 1 panted, unbuttoning my coat. "The place is stifling." "Oh, I hope we shall," she laughed, merrily; " I should like to see hundreds turned away from the doors, ami no room left inside even for one child more." I went into the ring amid the deafening applause of the crowd, ami, bowing slightly, walked coolly across the ring. 1 thought nothing of the mass of faces rising in rows, but 1 remembered that Ninette could see me. and that she had said I was helping in a good cause. I felt that I had performed as 1 bad hardly ever performed before, ami the long applause was again and again renewed as I left the ring. What would Ninette say ? Would she congratulate me ? Passing through the dimly-ligbted building outside the tent, where the horses waited, I caught sight of two figure* stand ing aside in the shadow—Ninette and a gentleman, an army officer wham 1 had met that morning—talking low and ear nestly. I h|d often noticed him in the circus, and noticed his evident admiration of Ninette, still I had never seen him out there among us before, and I started as I came op to them in the gloom. Ninette carelessly turned her eyes upon me for a moment, then went on talking; coquet tish ly am! flippantly it seemed to me. I took her horse from the man who wa bringing It forward, and myself led it toward bar. " Are you rewdy, Mile. Ninette V I asked, my voice trembling against my will. "Ready? Why?" she inquired, with slow contempt. "Allow me. O, [way allow me, Made • moiselle," exclaimed the stranger, starting forward. And Ninette, smiling, put her foot into his hand. Seating herself in the saddle with the utmost ease, she carelessly, as it seemed, backed Black Hawk against me. " Signor Ricardo," she said, haughtily, 44 Is this the spot where the gentlemen of our company ' usually rest between their exercises in the ring T* An ironical answer rase to ay lips, but I withheld the words. 41 Stand bark, if you please, Signor. Must you always follow me 1 always haunt me ? Stand back." With a quick change of voire and a bright shy smile, she bent to take her little gilded whip as the officer handed it to her. j '■ Thanks, Monsieur le Capitainc." Ami while she bent gracefully, and seemed to be only stroking the neck of the splendid black horse, she reined him in, skillfully 1 ami imperceptibly, until he touched my : shoulder. 1 turned away without answering; and for the first time Ninette performed with- j out tny eyes following her graceful motions. <Tbe strange gentleman moved to the open ing into the tent, but when she rode bark, flushed and triumphant after her success, *be came forward again eagerly. She drew up her lissome little figure with a dash of odd pride, and turning Black Hawk rapidlv asidc, sprang to the ground unassisted. Her part was played for that night, and, while the loud clapping within was con tinued, she walked slowly out into the darkness; her long ctimson habit over her arm, her little cap pushed from ber bright, I excited face, and her eyes raised to the young officer who walked beside her. After that, all is a burning confusion in my brain until one evening when I awoke to consciousness in the hospital for which I had been performing, and heard the physi cians (who had seen roe fall, and had at tended pityingly upon me ever since) whis per that all would be well in time. 4 Ricardo, dear fellow," said the manager, coming forward softly, and bending to whisper to me, " Tbank God all will be well. The worst is over." I hardly know when the knowledge dawned upon me, or how; but as I lay there—my old companions clustering round me—l knew that 1 bad performed among them for the last time. I knew that life had most wonderfully and mercifully-been spared me; but that I should never walk again. Ido not remember tb-t the knowl edge came with any sharp or bitter pain ; 1 think it was a quiet, hopeless conviction from the first. Ttioy had given me a small room in the hospital to myself; partly to spare others the sight of my suffering; partly, perhaps, because I had hurt myself in their cause. So the days and nights passed on; and slowly, slowly brought me a little ease at last. One morning Monsieur, entering my room with a brighter lace than usual, told me Ninette had come to see me. I fell the blood rush into ray wan face as 1 took - her little warm hand in both my own. " Oh! you are so much better, Ricardo," she said, her small lips trembling a little as she looked at me. "We shall soon have you back in your place among us." 1 shook my head slowly. "Never again, Ninette." " Why?" she asked in feigned asto/h --ment. FRED. KURTZ, Editor and Proprietor. VOL. IV. " I ahall never walk again anywhere, I think, Ninette; certainly not w the vitiiat ing wire. I know I must he a -be iame all niv lift?; and I'm trying, aa 1 lie here, to gel accustomed to* the* thought, and to feel preralrd.* "No I no!" ahe cried, ouickly. " Dont try to get aecu-t timed to it, Rieardo. Tiy to think of getting well, and that w ill help you to do *o'' "Will it f Then I will try,'" 1 answered, struggling with my sadness. " When lo you leave here V ''Leave here t 0, I don't know. Not till you ate well, I should think. Why, Rieardo," -he added, as I Mailed incredu lously. "dont you know that to-uight we are all going to neribtni for your benefit / You've not heard, you say f Why, what has Monsieur found to talk to veu about, then, for be talks to me of uotluug else t I wish I could have Ivrought you one of the enormous bills, headed ' Rieardo'a Benefit,' in letters a- large aut myself. You always were loud of reading your own name in the bills, weren't you P f '• Yes—with yours," I answered, intently watching the bright lace. " Well, you would have seen mine, too, to-day, iu letters almost larger, for I'm going to—ride." " Of course," I answered, with a taint smilo, while 1 wondered a little at the sudden change in her voice. " What audi ence would there be if you did not, Ni nette ?" 44 None," she laughed. " You must wish me Miccro* before Igo away. But here's Monsieur cwue to di*mi*s me. I've been telling Signor Ricardo," she added, as the manager joined us, 44 various particulars of his benefit. How very willing we all give our service*, llow all the town is patron izing us." " And did she tell you," asked Mou situr, with a pleased and excited look, •'haw 1 offered to double the price of admjssion if anyone would promise a nov elty f and how she herself immediately proposed to perform her Moorish feat f I'll show you one of the handbills. Here it k: "Mile. Ninette, the equestrian tiueen, on ber magnificent steed Blurt /fori, will 44 0, no, no! yon most not let her," 1 exclaimed, in hasty bar. 44 Oh! Monsieur, it is most rash and dangerous." Monsieur smiled as he put the handbill hack into his pocket, and Ninette arose with a vexes! glance across at him. " I)o forbid her to do this," 1 cried again. "Mile. Ninette is such a superb boree woman," the manager said, "that if she feels she can accomplish it safely ami bril liantly, I feel it too. And it will make to-night's performance an unrivaled success. She has done it before, you know; and a gorgeous and unprecedented triumph it was." 44 It is a willful risking of life," I faltered, the tears starting in my weakness. 44 1 shall be miserable." " I shall not," laughed Monsieur, rising. 44 1 have too much confidence in Ninette." " Don't thiuk about it at all, RiclWo," Ninette said, giving me her hand as she prepared to leave. " I should never have told you myself because I know how invalids worry themselves about the safest and most trilling things. I have tn ado up my mind to do it, and Black Hawk under stands that same entirely." "Oh! do not venture it, Ninette," I whispered, ap|>caiing to her in bittemear nektnes*. '• Say yon will not." 44 No—for 1 must," she answered, laugh ing lightly, though she spoke with odd, steady quietness. Then I covered my eyes with my feeble hands, and let t he tears flow on. " I shall come in and see you before the per form once," Ninette *aiii, after a little dismal pause. " Will von, Ninette V I asked eagerlv, as 1 battled with my cowardice. "Will yon come in just as you go 7" "I hardly know about that," she an swered, with a quaint, shy smile. Monsieur bad left the room then, and Ninette was standing opposite me, about to follow him. "Ninette," I said, slowly, as I feasted my eyes on ber sweet face, "when I saw you first you wore an old black habit, quite rusty, I remember; ami yon had a hat in your band, with a long scarlet plume almost touching the ground. And how ever I have seen you since, yon have al ways been to me as you were that day— and you always will be, dear." "I remember that old velvet habit," she laughed "It Is a superanuated aiticlc now ; and—what did you think of me then, Ricardo /" "Just what I think now." She laughed again, but her step wa soft and lingering when she left me. Until evening I lay and thought of ber ; picturing the beautiful little figure that would come to me iu its gorgeous theatri cal drw. The twilight glided slowly in to my silent room, and then I lay and lis tened breathlessly, for I knew she mast come soon now. Yet so noiselessly she entered at last that even my waiting ears could scarcely catch the light step. With out a word she shut the door behind her. Then she stood looking at mc; her red lips parted with an irrepressible smile, and her ayes brimming over with fun. But she vt< clad in no gay, unusual dress ; she stood there holding up in one hand the old black habit; from the other dangled the little hat with its scarlet plume; and her head was only crowned with its bright, fair curls. "Ninette," I said, breaking my wonder ing silence, "seeing you so, I feel as if, through all the years that I lie helpless. I could dream that you have been to me all that I wildly dreamed you might be when I saw you so for the first time. Thank you for coming a* you are; but you will have to change your dress again, you ride in such a different costume." The color rushed to her check*, and her eyes grew hot and dark. " Yes, very different; but cannot you think of me always a* you see me now, Jtieardo—as you saw me first 7 The peo ple are passing the hospital gates in crowds" she went on turning and looking through the window ; I expect a fuller house than we ever had in England. It is for your sake, Signor." " I wish I thought so,"I said very earn estly ; " I wish I did not know they go to .see your wild and daring leap, Ninette. How terrible it will lie to witness—for those who love you ! " She laughed a low, quick laugh, but did not turn to me. You are.thinking of Captain Attendant, I dare say, Ricardo 1 But you need not, for 1 have never spoken to him since the night you—fell; and 1 never shall again." ■A wild, proud joy sprang up in my heart. " Ninette," f cried, "my darling, turn your face to me. I am so hdpless here, and shall so soon lose the face 1 love. Come to me for these few precious momenta" Verv gently she came up to me, and laid her cool hand on my forehead. She bent ber head, and as I laid my weak fingers on the soft curls, one deep sob shook the little kneeling figure, but when she rose her eyes were very bnght behind their glistening lashes. She did not say a word of farewell to me. With a strange, brave, struggling smile, which would have vanished with a word, she hes itated a moment; her checks flushing, and her lips wistful Then quite suddenly, with just the slight gesture with which she acknowledged the plaudits of the crowd, she left me. 1 lay and listened as the carriages rolled past the infirmary gates; and presently, across the river, 1 could hear our own bami strike up merrily. I could follow in fancy the whole performance as I lay with the programme before me, and the well-known airs to guide me. At last, with a quicken ed beating ' of my heart, 1 felt that the time was come for Niuette's appearance. THE CENTRE REPORTER I knew the very tune with which thelunid j would greet her. Ah ! there it was ; but j drowned almost in a loud prolonged applause Then—knowing he wa* perbmning I lay there quivering tu every limb. It was just as one of the h*|<ital physi cian* and a nurse came Into my nann that a great shout nee on the other side of the river, and rolled joyously across to me. My blood burned in my veins, "That is to greet her alter her leap," 1 said, -|*-akiug aloud and rapidly in my iti i ten -e relief. "Thank tlod; it V* over." '* I, too, am glad it is over," said the phyaiclau gravely; "such a feat should never have been attempted." " And yet every one lias gone to sec it," I ntisw<Avd, |<assionately, as the nurse turn ed my (lillow. " Why did they eucourage her f" "Such thing* would lie done in any case," he answered, "at least we Judge an; though |a<rha|is ar do not try it ; lor cer taiuly every on* has gone to sec this leap to night; all our own household, lik-every one else's. Yet how can'we help disap proving such a dangerous act, pcrfimned too by a young and beautiful girl, w hose lite must be one long temptation to display —if to uothiug worse I " " Listen!" 1 cried, in sudden terror, pushing away the nurse, and starting up with panting breath. •' Bid the band stop then—suddenly 1 Hark! it i* all silent." I rvmember faltering incoherent appeals to Weaken to the circus; and 1 remem ber Bow they tried to soothe ue, laying me back upon the bed. ami diawing down the bliud before my wild aud staring eyes. Rut in that hush ai;n*s the river I knew that I bad had tuy death blow. They brought me no tidings lor days. They kept mo in darkness nil bin and without. But when at last my braiu was calm a-raiu, and my eyes had lust their rest less fever, they told roe some few pai ticu lars of that fearful night. Ninette had performed her dauntless feat with dauntless success. While she stood daiutily upon his neck, Black liawk took his leap smoothly and safely. But the astonished crowd had not been satis fied with this; with a persistent cry they had summoned ber again ; and summoned her m mv name. "As the seat* for to-night have been taken at double pricw," she had said laugh ingly, to Monsieur, " 1 owe the audit-nee a double appearance." Ami so she had ridden in again tri umphantly, and springing lightlv upon the neck of her home, had prepared again for her wonderful leap. , Then came the hush—though no one ever cuuid tell me exactly how it had oc curred; seme saying Ninette was unusu ally excited by her brilliant leaf ; and some that she was tired. She fill—fell with a light, sudden fall, which would not hare hurt her, perhaps, but that her tern pie struck the boards which separated the front row of spectators from the ring. Thank God that there had l>eeii n •strug gle ! There was one deep red stain upon the soft, fair curl*; but no anguish on the young dead face when they lifted it *0 gently. In the rare, sweet dream* which visit me as I lie here, I always see Ninette just a> I saw her first--just as I saw her last. And when 1 awake, I am almost glad to see, in the faces round me, that the tune is drawing very ueir when I shall see her once again— London Society. The Power of Lightning. The concentration of power iu a stroke of lightning, acting through nu incon ceivably small interval of time, may jKr luips be realized after examining it* work of destruction, yet it* inductive action on the earth'a surface is not less wonder ful. Prof. A. M. Mayer made ah ex periment, some time since, which de monstrated the extent of thi* action. |He connected the wire-of a galvanometer with the water-pipes of Baltimore. Md., and joined the other end of the coil to a gas-pipe of a boose in the south-western j jwrt of the city. Thus a vast metallic i system of electric nerve* stretched three mile* towards the north-west, to the I reservoir, and about as many railed to the cast and south-east, over the eity. A thunder-storm was raging at the time in the north, at so great a distance that only the illuminations of the rlotid* told when a flash occurred. Yet whenever that flash took [dace, the needle of the galvanometer was instantly deflected through ten or twenty degrees. S.v nc irly simultaneous were the two occur rences fluit no difference in the instant of their manifestation could lie detected. Shutting himself up in a dark room containing the galvanometer, he signaled, wlicn the needle moved, to an observer of the storm, who also gave n signal whenever a flash occurred ; and the ex change of signals was always found to be simultaneous. It was ascertained on the following day that the storm was more than twelve miles distant, thus showing tliat over 500 square miles of earth's surface was effected at each flash of the lightning. 44 Llttle Hoy." I was much touched says a correspond ent writing for the ruins of lYshtigo with the story of Joseph Lasne. lie was a fanner iu the Bush, with a wife and five children. They had fought to the last, and left only when the flnincs flash ed clean over their building. Lasure carried his three-year old boy, and his wife a fcabe. All kept together, with the flames striking them at every *toi>, for 30 rexls. The wife could go no fartli er, and dropped with her stifled balie in her arms. The father had now to drop his little three-year old, who was picked ni> in turn by the elder boy of thirteen. 'Die brave boy carried the little fellow for nearly a quarter of a mile, when both sank down together. Little Floy, nine years old, and their only girl, stood it the smartest of all, and kept ahead of her father for half a mile, cheering him on with bravo words, when nil tlic rest had perished. She hail now to pass over burning grass, when her dress wns en veloped in flames. "Oh, if I could 01.lv have saved that girl!" said tho grief choked father, anil his story was ended. A young lad, next neighbor to Lasure, who was sived, had mueh to tell of little Floy. Hhe was the smartest scholar at school. Hhe read finely,in the sth read er, and could spell down all tho scholars She was small of size, exceedingly bright, beautiful, active and sweet tempered. All the living in Sugar Bush will rcmcm l r long and speak tenderly of the little heroine. IJusiNKKsis Paws.—lnvestigations re cently made by such adherent* of the Commune as txxrkroy, Allnin, Targe, Murat, Bonvalet, ami others, who are memliers of the present Municipal Coun cil of Paris, show that while the business of restaurateurs, shoemakers, tailors, and many other tradespeople yet feels the effects of the siege in diminished receipts, the occupation of milliners and makers of artificial flowers is utilise remunerative and prosperous as ever it was. These two tradix are prosecuted exclusively by women, a (act which, coupled with the fuct that they exist exclusively for wo men, may to somo extent explain their E resent well-being. Attempts were made y other countries during tho war to compete with France in the manufacture of flowers, but they were without success. A PETITION has been sent to the Presi dent from the citizens of Arizona asking him to allow Gen. Cook to puisne the Apache campaign uninterrupted by Peace Commissioners. CENTRE HALL, CENTRE CO., I'A., Fill!> The Everglade* of Florida. Tlu Evergladca art" just a submerged pruirio, and (hey exhibit the manner tti which tint great Wiatitrn prairie" were formed. !>rttiu the Kwrgtmlim, (it could l*e done,) niid the present i-damla would be lull*. Submerge a prairie, and its hills would become island*. No tree it found on the Evergladca, Woanae they are eouvhuitly covered with water; 110 tree* are found on the prairie*. I >eon use they went loug covered with water. Time will come when this vast plain will lie clear of water, and then we shall hate a large surface, like the prairies, clear of tn-ca, and tlttitd for cultivation by man. iu these little Everglade island.* the )KUUI flourished, and also the orange and every other tree of Florida. The eastcr-oii plant grow* up to be n large tree of several years' lifts. The arrow root and sweet-potato patches mi rely re quire that stirring of tuc ground u.-oes sary in removing the full-grown roots to cause the younger ones to grow and keep on growing. It is n<a!ly not necessary to plant uwrr than once. It is a laay utau's paradise. No wonder the Indians wen* unwilling to move to tin* Wat ; it was uot tin* graves of their father* th* > were uuwilluig to leave, it was their potato and pumpkin patches. Their pumykiu is small, roundaud sweet ; they cut it open, put iu a raccoon <>r opossum, cover it with ashes aud bake it in the fire. The lniutcrs think it a superb dish. Another plan is to take a fish ju*t off the hook, and without sealing or cleaning, wrap it up iu gn*eti leaves aud bake it iu the tame way. Hunter* use a wet newspaper. It is done when, if you tear a piece of the wrapping, the skin and M ales oouie off with it. You tear off skin and wrapping trom one side, and eat the flesh, turn it over aud -at the other, and throw bones aud inside away. Indians iu small number* arc still found near the Everglade*. They do not like the whites, ure not sociable, but there is a talisman that will move thciu out of stoicism into cordiality, then* is a sesame that will O|H>U an Indian's heart and mouth, uud that is whisky. They are the only savages who have never invented an intoxicating liquor ol their own. Th. ir only i!n of civilisa tion is to get drunk. Hide into their own country, put up with a Chief, give him whisky uud promise him more, uftd he and his are at your service so loug its your whisky lasts. What Men have Wed for. Colonel Montgomery was shot in a duel about a d<>£; Colonel itnnaer iu one id suit u servant ; M r . I'Vatlu rstono lit <>ue about a recruit : Storm 's father in on* aUuit a goose ; and another geiitle mail in one about all aore ul aurhoxicx ; on" officer was challenged for merely aaking kin op|M>uciit to enjoy tlie aiviiil goblet ; tuitl another wan compelled to tight nlwut*!! pinch of snuff; ISenerul I tarry was challenged bv a Caption Smith for declining wine at dinner on a steam boat, although the General bad pleaded iu Ul cxeiMtlut vine invariably made him kirk; ami Lieutenant Cowllicr lout his life iu a duel Imiim' In- wan rcfuootl ulmittnttee to a rlub of ptgtoti tboultm. In 1777 a dud ooeurred-iu New York city, lk-twii-H Lieutenant F<utlieratooe liatigh, of tin- 7<Uh, ami Captain Alel'hcr -on, of the 4'i.l British regiment, in re gard to the manner of eating an mr of corn, one contending that the licit fat ing was from the cob and the other that the grain should !*• cut off fn>m th * cob In-fore eating. Lieutenant Fealhcrstoiie hAugh lo*t his right arm. the lull from his Riitiigouiat'a pistol shattering the litilb dreadfiiHy, ao niilrh so that it had tola- ampiitaUsl. (iraliam, Major Nnuh'a assistant editor on tin- National Advocate, lost his life in 1K27, at the iluclling ground at Hotmkcn, with lkirton, the aon in-law of Kdwasd lavingston, in a simple dispute id* nit "what was trumjsT' in a ptmo of cards. How THKY Fixrn HlM—Albany start CMI a jMvuli.ir kind of a relief fund a fin days since, and tho reeeilrt of which in likely to afford any tlnnp imt satisfac tion to tho recipient. It appears Uiut a gentleman was rii|iiwtol to contribute something to the Chicago fund. At And he called the fund s swindle and then gave ten dollars. The exclamation was merely a ltsslr one, and the gentle man evidently .InJong* to that class of person* who always grumble, although possessed of the kiudest intentions But mark his punishment. His lrnrd criti cism was made public by an evening journal, and penny contributions wca i railed for to reimburse him in his un willing outlay. Tlu- result was that lennies came pouring in from all parts of the city, county nnd state. As soon as the thousandth penny was received the whole sum was put up iu a package and sent to the gcutlemnn's office. Worse punishment is rarely inflicted for a hasty word. HKS.H IN FUCK OR Dons,—There is hardly a family that does not throw away enough table scru|tft to keep nt h ast a down lieus ; and many that keep a nuisance iu the sliApc of a dog, that does no good, but cost* more than a dozen good hens. One dog in a neigh borhood is generally a greater trouble to the ncighl>on< than a flock of hens would ho; for if hens are well feed at home, they will rarely go uwny. But who ever saw a dog that was not a j**st, run ning across the newly made garden, and sticking his nose into everything. Kill off curs and give the food to the liens,and you will And pleasure as well ns profit in so doing. Wc wish there was e tax of 8100 on every dog kept in the country. These that are of value ns watch dogs, could IKS retained, while the host of snarling, dirty curs would givcidaoe to some more useful nnd less troublesome pet. Br AM, MRJUU.—A shrewish wife, unite sick, culled her husband to come and sit by her bed-side. "Thisisn sad world, my dear," said the wife, plaintively. "Very coincided the man. " Were it not for leaving you I should love to quit it." "Oh, k iny dear," eagerly reanonded the fellow, "how can yon think I wouhl interfere with your happiness! Go by all means." The lady got well How THEY I>ii> rr.—There are more ways than one of resenting an insult. Several Prussian officers in full uniform were present at a concert in AmHterdain. not long ago. The musicians struck up " Die Waelit tm Hhein," when the audience t><>k it iuto their heuds to hiss. The bund in order to allay the tumult, glided into the Dutch national air. At the fir*t strains the Prussian officers un eovered their heads, rose and stood dur ing the remainder of the piece. It is significant to learn that, in con sequence of the famine prevailing in Persia, the exportation of dates from tluit country ha* been prohibited by the authorities. In England alone wo an nually receive from 12,000 to 15,000 tons of these dates, which are consumed with considerable appreciation by the chil dren of the {K>or. — The Grocer. After the great tire iu London, iu 1060, Parliament enacted that every house should be built with independent walls, aud all iu front raised to equal height, and those, walls should be of stone or brick, aud that uo muu should delay be yond seven years. Mi one lu a California Rambling House. " A tu uncut, if von phase," quietly remarked an almost beardless desperado. Covering bis pile with a llrui baud, aud filing dangerous eyes on the burly deal er of iiionb' wboui bo mlilnsmw: "you can stop there." •• Well, air." " Well, excuse me, but I think you drew two cards." " I la'line not. I'll take your pile if you please the kerwajo takes it. " rwo-canls!" Your money!" Ami in each rase the words were ac companied by a quick and quiet move ment which disclose* a revolver. With the apjiearaueoof these two new disput ant-*, poinded, curt, of brief but sharp agd downright speech-there i*quick bnt fluMleasstir uiuoug the spectators around the table. In a moment a clear space is formed, in the tuidst of a still circle of (lushing eyes, compressed li(is and clench cl hand-." Y'ou may count twenty d liltcrtiUdy en? you hear a breath or **• the slightest movement. " Well, air " " Well ! " " Your money! " '■ Your earth?!" L'p at? i?s u bystander—some cool, .-toady Wetonui, ex|M*rt in the game uud versed tu the law of difficulties—u man of awful nerve, wluar tynqiaiium, n?t-tu touii'd to the crack, no pistol shot aWnis " Oentlcnicn," nays lu>, " try arbitra tion first." Another ipiick change of euontring uud responsive glances between the dis putants. Not * word, but the eyes of each plainly *>av "agreed." llotli throw them selves brvk in their chairs aud withdraw their huuila from the table, with tlx- air of nteu inviting examination, aud rr*s olute to abide the result. The veternn call* up two brothers of the Green Cloth coin | a*tent to act as umpire ; and three minutes, fnuight with mortal .lauger, an* |maaed in deliberately oouuting the cards na they lie on the cloth, aud nam ing them slowly—like the tolling of a boll, or the measured pronunciation of a d. ath scut once. Except that there has ln*cu uo nuim* but tbe itiwultaitoou* click ing of two pistol locks. Tbe dealer and his young r.s-o-ri* are seemingly iiucon eertietl for the event " You are wrong, uiv friend," savs Veteran. "No cunt w:v*> drawn here. Mistakes will hapiM-u to the mat careful gentle men." Front that derision then- is no appeal. Hi finger on the trigger after that would have cost the young fellow ni* life. So pistols go back to their resting phtees, hands an- shaken wnas the table, drink- for the company at the expeitac of tlie " btK-ker"—U be who plays agaimt the lunk i* called and fhe gnrne proceed* with n b -t'.i-j understanding. Ilistorj of the Cent. The old red cent is rapidly juasiug away out of the Ultitod States currency, aud it w ill not 1- long before it will only 1h- know u iu memory aud numismatic collection*. Its history is a matter, of sufficient interest for pn-si-rv.ition. The cent was first pn ptwnd by ItoU-rt Morris the great flmuieicr of the revolution, and was named by Jefferson two year* af tcr. It Is-gwtt to make ila appearance from the mint in 171)2. It lain- Uic head of Washington ou one siij- mid thirteen links oti the other. The French n-vo lutiou soon created a rage for Fn-neh ideas, which put on the cent, instead of the bead of Washington. the bend of the (OHldeas of Liberty—n Freneb Liberty, with flowing locks. The chain on tin reverse wusu-placcd ly the olive wreatli of peace. Put the French Lilx-rlv was abort-lived, and an was her |>ortrait on tlu- cent. The next head or figure stic ecssling this- the staid elaasie dame with a fllht a round her Iwir-eanie into fnidiion alHiut thirty or forty years ago, au 1 her fiuely chiseled Grecian feu tares have lawn but slightly altered in the lapee of time. TK Comer. Enckc'a great comet, which make* n tour to the region of the sun once in Miami three year* and at quarter, is now on it* way thither, and w ill reach the jtcrihilicu some time in January. It will very soon come within the ken of the astronomer*, but person* who have only their eyes to see with will not have the pleasure of Is-holding the erratic visitor. It " rounds " the siui at a di*tunee of thirty-two million mile* and then darts off into space, and liefore it turns to roan- back reaches a |>oint of thn-e hundred aiql thirty-seven million mile* from that luminary. This comet is an olip-c! of eij-msl intere*t to schol ar*. owing to the fact that the pericsl of it* revolution is gradually diminishing. Tlii* is supposed to prove that the re gions of apace are filled with a material either capable of retarding the motion of solid bodies, the ultimate effect of which will lie to destroy th centrifugal force of the planet* and allow them grnd unlly and imjierccptibly to glide into tlie ami. It will take a long time for the earth to rt-.u-h that destination, but Eneke's comet periodically reminds n that such is it* final doom. A Voirr FTIOM I'TAH.—The chnraeb-r of the petition from Utah, TiO ftn-t long, and signed by ulmnt 2,5tXl women of that Territory, luis lnen unintentionally misstated. Listeml of being aguinst polygamy, it is in favor of that institu tion, and was sent to the Executive Man sion at Washington by Delegate Hooper. The petitioners sav that their hnsband* fntlu r, sons, and brothers, are new be ing exposed to the murderous policy of a clique of Federal officers intent on the destruction of an honest, happy, industri ous, and prosperous people, aud thev therefore ask tor the removal of the Fed eral disturbers of the jieacc, or at least to stop the disgraceful court proceedings, or send candid and trustworthy men to Utah to investigate the question of the coiiHlitiitioiiul righti and lils-rty of the people. The |N-titionera express their ap probation of jHilygamv. asserting that it was sanctioned by Christ's teachings, aud that the institution is licing i>er vcrted by Federal oflloera. A NOVKI, GARDEN. —The young King of Bavaria Ims an immense garden on the roof of his palace at Munich which is naiil to rival the celebrated hanging gardens of Scmiraniis. In the center of it then' is a lake with fishes and swans swimming in it, and (his is surrounded by woods in which there are various animals and birds, and also rock-work and grottoes. The rocks hod to lie hol lowed out before transporting them to the roof, the !letter to enable the build ing to Isar their weight. There is in the center of the garden a sort of tent or pavilion of great magnificence, which no one but the King ever enters. The apartments under the palace roof were formerly occupied by the ltulics of honor, but they have 1 won converted into B tallies, because too much time was re quired to hoist hones to the roof when ever the King wished to ride or drive through this fairy-like resort. THE cost of the war in Cuba during the past year has been $62,000,000, and the Colonial deficit for the year amounts to #11,000,000. The Spanish Govern ment asks for a credit of $20,000,000 for military purposes. Miss Carrie Monfort, of Boston, known as tlut "Pat Girl," recently died of dis eased) f the heart. Bhe was uino years •Id,"and weighed nearly four hundred pounds. AY, NOV EM HER 1 In the Flaw*. There ia a melancholy interest attach ed to the incident* of the flrua in the Northwest. A eorespoi:dout who Was ;at i'osliligo when that village waa liurn ed say* ; The sharp air of ottrlv Ooto lier hud aent the (ample in from lite even ing ehureh aervieea more promptly than usual, although numbers delayed h, speculate on a great noise ami ado which set iii ominously from the wrest The housewives I,Hiked tremblingly at the lire# and lights within and the m*u took a hist look at the (MMsihilitiefl without ; for mtpiy it was truly a laat glimpse, 'l'he noise grew in volume, and nunc nanrer uud nearer wilh terrific crackling and detonations. The forest rocked ami tossed tiimultitnnvlv ; a dire alum fell ui>on the imprisoned village, for Ihe swirling blast* cam > down from every aide. In one awful instant, lief ore ex-' |M*-tation could give share to the horror, a great flauic shot up in the western heaven*. and in eotiiiUea* fiery tongue* struck downward into tlie village, piert*- ing every objest that sbmtl in the town i like ar, <l-!i<,t bolt. A deafening roar, iuirigle.l with blasts of electric flame, filled the air and paralysed every aonl in the (dace. There was no beginning to the work of ruin ; the flaming whirl wind swirled in an instant through the to vn. Moved by a common* instinct, for all knew that the woods that encircled the town were iiu(a'ueUwble, every itabita tiou was d©-cried to the flames, and the gasj ing multitude flocked to the river. Tfin-e bttndml people wr-dgvd them selves in Iwtweeii the rolling booms, swayed to and fro by the current, * la-re they roaat.d in the hot breath of flame that hovered nlwwre them, and singed the hair on eorh heail momentarily ex jxmc.l aliove the water. Here des^wir ing men and women held their children till the cold water came a* an ally to the fl.iiii.w, and deprive! them of strength The wretched throng neck deep in the water, and the still more hapless beings stretched on the heated mtiids, were piem-d and blistered by tlie*e bunting , particle*. They seemed like lancet* of red-hot steel, ja dfinding the thickest covering. Long after Utc flames had died out, when then- ws no more to feed on, the hot saml* rendered moving slsmt an exquisite torture, ami long into the dis iii.d midday the anrvivorw were confined to the narrow circuit near the river. As the dav won- on, help conn- in slowly from the northward. Several railroad mings had iwiipil annihilation, and one gang, led by an ex-priae-figbtor nomad Mulligan, came with promptness and .-fficiency totlie rva-or through miles of burning prairie and blockaded roods. When the work of rescue ls-gan it was found tluit a great numtier had (wspxl by the lied of the river aud the northern road to the port, aud, as the day ad vnnod, hulf-nakixl straggler*, unkempt and blackened, liegwn to stream into the -parse settli-ment. A* the molten muds IBook 1 off. tlie wofii! work of rorognition , U-gitn. P<x ring into blackened facrw, i mothers, fathera, brothers tr mbliugly sought out missiug OIH*. Some, in the imnM -euirealle anguish of Uie moment, had dashed themselves : against the sands and 1< t ont the life with their own hands that the licking flame* covwtad. Men, too distant from tlie river to hope for rescue or safety, ha<l cut the tlinwl* of tiieir choking children, and were found in groups sometimes uncwrred by the flom<-w. In the Ktnet*, fall twenty corpse were found with no np|iarcnt injure or abra sion. Fatuous tnde*mtui, in the sudden 1 nodi of fi.rtne, ha.l thrown their valuables into wr-lls for security ; every well in 1 the rity was turui-d into a flaming pit, | and the scry waters half evni*rnUxl by the heat. Survivor* attest that women and children, cut off from the river*. ] were put into well* and covered with Iw-dding. 1 linve looked into everv Well in the ash covered Hiwrinr, ami then- i* no possibility that a living thing could have eudunHl the flames that boiled and seethed in tli cm. Hon Hut Iron Ma; br Handled. Mono. I. Fontelle. President do In Sociote des Peicnccs Physi<inei et Chi- i miqnes do Paris, Ac., has leH the follow-1 ing on nxxtrd ; " About tlie year 18lW one Laonetto, a Spaniard, astouiohed not < only the ignon nt, but chemists and i other men of science, iu France, Ger- j many. Italy and England, by the impuni-1 ty with which he handled rwl-hot irtm j and nvtlton le.wl. dmnk boiling nil, and i performed other feats equally mini-! cttloua. While lie wn* nt Naplc-s ho: i attracted tlie notice of Professor Somen-' torn, who narrowly watcheil all o|>erationa ( and eadoovorod to discover his secret. | He olaicrved in tlie first place, that when ! liionetto applied n pieeo of n-d-hot iron , to his lmir denw fumes immediately rose from it, and the same occurred wlu-n lio touched his foot with the iron, j Ho also saw him place a rod of iron, | nearly red-hot, Is-tween hi* tooth with-1 <uit burning himself, drink the third of j a tableapoonfnl of boiling oil, and tnk-' ing up molten Lwul with his finger* place it on liia tongue without appnr nt ittcon- j venienco. oomentern's efforts after per- j forming aevend ex|erimeuts ujx-n him self, wen- finally crowned witli snocesa. ] He found that bv friction with sulphuric acid, dilnteil witli water, the skin might Is- made insensible to the action of the i heat of red-hot iron; a solution of alum, : evaporated until it became *;>ongy, ap- i |>cnred to be still more effectual. After i having rubbed the parts which were thus rendered, in some degree, incon bu*tible with hard soap, he discovered : on Uic appliostiou of hot inn that their , insensibility was increased. He then de- ■ termincd c'n again rubbing the |arta with soap, and after this found that the I hot iron not only occasioned no pain, ! but that it m-tually did not burn the | hair. Being thus far satisfied, tho Pro-, feasor aiqdiod hard soap to hi* tongue j until it iH-cnmc insensible to the heat of! the iron ; and after having placed an j ointment composed of soap mixed with | a solution of nhun upon it, lsnling oil { did not burn it While the oil remained ! on the tongue a slight hissing was heard, similar to tluit of hot iron thrust into water ; tho oil soon cooled, aud waatben i iwidlowed without danger. Several : Hcicntjfle men have since successfully re-' peatcd the experiments of Professor j Sementc m " ON THK RAMPAGE. —The " wild steer" steers wildly through the streets of St. Louis at all times of day. One is rc ported reoeutly to have " cupsixed two men, killed one, tossed a couple of chil dren in the air, butted through a show window, knocked down the triune of u shed, gone through a bar-room, broken up an auction, broken a man's leg, nui saeked a liarlier shop, IUUI swum the Mississippi ltiver." ODD MATEIUAI.. —In the village of Mun ford, New York, there is a chinch in process of erection, which is being bnilt of u petrifaction taken from n swamp near by, and consisting of leaves, roots, twigs, muck, etc., together with lime stone. The blocks are so cut as to show the material of which they consist, and the building, when completed, will be a decided curiosity. It is said that the International Society is alarming the European monarchal, Prussia and Austria being in a partic ular flurry about it. , 1871. Away Oat Weal. Tin* following extract, taken verbatim, from a private letter, dated Cache, Ne vada, will it is fwiml, Und to creates prejtn.HK- eg tin-t thut calm rwtr* at t— " J'loohe is U- county scat of Lincoln County, a mining citmp" * year old. It** on the (Ireut A merman Desert, and situ ated UHwecn bare mountains, looking over a lux dry plain, Water bus to be brought eight nnlas bv wagon, and is okl at six Cents a gallon. There arv ttlmut l,3tW people hern, the haK of whom have been In Htxte Fii*m i and highway robbers, Ac.), and Urn r.-.l ought to lie. Our graveyard ha# II graves, of which but two arc filled bv death from natural anisec The rest at) died with tlu-ir hoots on. ftbot mo-ily-, some cut. One *huoting scrape took niece in the IMUIV, in whiidi Mike Gsscy killed Tony (omain, alter rucci ving Oos sin's fire, There is no law. Any one feeling aggrieved aocks redrew generally with his pistol, ft'e been a rtoae gamcl for me h VOOI times ; I got cut In the log once, but lam licri* yd. I xh-ep with n bull-dug, a floury iifi and a ain shooter. The luium (silver)employ about tKJb men, about a hundred ere in busi iiesa, and the mat are blocktruant* of the w oiwt kind cattle - thieve*, renegade Mormons, and men who ere banished fiotu society by I heir crime*, end reedy for anything. It's &U inilos to railroad or telcgm|ih ; wo have three dUgc* a week and one mail. I've done wry well bete, and would have made some money but two of nir partners iu a claim were killed, aud I can't go on along. My life ha* ban attempted twiuc by the party who kiH.nl my imrUu-ts. I .lout allow any malt to aram lae if I can have a show; but when it gets down to eases where you dure not ait In- a window or by an open door after dark, it# time to jutuu the setae. If ever I gut bock to California, I think I'll stay there; any way, I've got enough of this kind of liv ing. I'm tired of necking e six-shooter around night and day." Hut it isn't as hopeless a* it *cenvs— ; the future of thia placid little village; for iu a few weeks wi tha uativos will be diapoacd of—" ahot mostly ; some cut " and then virtuous new aftk m can be gin tbe settlement again. A Printer's Preverbo. Never vended tbou an article for pul>- licntion without giving the editor thy name, for thy same oftcntinwM WNIW publication to wurthhsa* article *. Tlioti diotikl'M not rep si the door of a printing office, for be that* snwer*th the rap sncereth in bis sleeve and loaeth time. Neither do thon loaf l*>t, oak uinw tioua, or kuock down type, or the boys will love tlu* like they do shade trees when thou kuvcth. Thon dionM'st never read the copy on the printer's caw, i r the sharp and hooked eouUiuwr thereof, or be may knock thee down. Never inquire thon of the editor for the news, for behold it his Ituaiaos# at the appointed time to giveth Tliee without aeking.- It is not right that Utou should'*! oak him who i the author of an article, for liia duty tvajtun-th him to knp such things to himself. When thou dost enter into hia oflce, take heed unto thyself that than dost not look at what may be lying opeu and cunnrnvth thee not, for that is not! tm -t in the aigbt of good breeding. Neither examine thoa tlie proof sheet, for it is not ready to meet thine eye, that tliou may st undcrstAud. • Prefer thine own town paper to any other, aud sulwciibc for it immediately. Pay far it in advance, and it si tall be well with thee and thine. To a l'ottug bill. Tou think you love the man who is coming this Bandar night to visit von 1 And he acts as if he loved yon ! Suppose liedcelaras himself, and asks ywi to be hia wife. Arc jm prejwred to my to him. *' I love Mid will trust you through Kfe with my hspnine**, and th* lives MM! weal of our children ? He is jolty, gay. Mid. handsome, and all the dsrts of ('lipid w twinkliag in hia eyes, bat will thoae eyes always find eipressiori from the love of n true aonl ? Tonight he says many pleasant things. ;uid draws pretty pictmcs of the futnre. I Doea he go to-iuorrow to work, which gives promise of the fulfilment of your j desires in life. Do hi* ambitions and achievements ut ! iafv yon ? tWi his every-day life shine with the uoble endeavors of *n trust worthy man f If yon think, aod desire a companion in your thinking—one who aon unlock the dcepcat depths of your mind—to what strata of humanity doe* he belong in the scale of excellence and morwlitv ? Is he doing all lie can to build up fn turc unefulmwa and happiaeos, iu which . you can share and feci blessed ? These are the questions which the ex- j 1-erienoe of after years make many wo- ] men weep in liittemeas of sonl that ; they had not thought of before they aa sweml " To*- w A SiMirtAK AixMPKirr. —A eiurioas ami somewhat startling accident necurrcd in j Brooklyn.N. Y. An ordimwy runm- boikw burst and the hot wntor very liudiy scohl-; od a lady and several ohildfeu who nt re in tlie kitchen. On examination the' Iwili-r wna found to be v-ry tliin. ! Plnml-crs have lieen in tlie hi bit of re- J pn-cnting that this elan* of boilers, or. ! tuorc properly sneaking, hot water reser voir* might 01la {se from a defective supply oT water, but oould not explode . —a theory under which thousands of ! families have restod in con fid iug security. 1 The present instance i* fatal to tlii* notion of the constitution of range both ' crs, and it is to be hoped that it will he core/ully iuvotigatc-l. Nothing wnuld j iwlti more to the discomfort of the average j American hoiu-ehold than a lurking suspicion ooneernlng the safety of its j kitchen, esjiceiallyif the siMpirhih should gain jMi-css to the minds of the olrcoily unreliable oook aud lauudreca. NATIONAL PKWTH. —The debts of nil the states and kingdoms of Europe, as nearly as can he learned, at the present time, including the roecut increase in franco, amount in all to £2,500.000.000, or nearK £12,500,000,000. The dchtof the United State* on the Ist of September, 1871, less cash in the Treasury, was $2.174,000,QU0; making ft total of $14,774,f1Qt',000. CrnioarrrKa or THE this SITS. —Among the curious social facts developed by the eunsus statistics is the apjieoranoe ou the rolls of Pennsylvania of cue family with seven pairs of twins, one family with six jair, and another fami ly with four {taii-s. The mother of the last group had six other children, and was only thirty-eight years old. An ingenious wife in Des Moines, afflicted with a snoring husband, has a guttu-percha pipe, with cube-shaped ends ; one she puts over his nose and mouth, and the other over his curs : thus he consumes bin own noise, as a Rtovo does its smoke, and wakes up in stantly. _ WEALTH. —The following figures show the wealth of some New York people Cornelius Vanderbilt, £25.000,000 ; Alex ander T. Stewart, #20,000,000 ; William B. Astor, $16,000,000; William M. Tweed, $12,000,000; George Law, 1 #5,000,000; Daniel Drew, #3,000,000. j - i . a k tty. x - TKBMB : Two Dollars a Tear, in Advance. A Chinese Batik, , | In Singapore, **• a tote impcf of , that place, * giml number of Chinamen j > j suddeuly fill**! the There Mum iliave ! < u a thou jin.l of them, ronton.'' ,! along frum flu' (UnwHrni of N<srtb Bridge r*ul, in regular rank*, four to *4* drip, j armed with spears nad swovda. They were in regular OhJnene fighting trim, j naked to th* wauO; their tails wove tightly eoitod round thrif head*. Oud j their up sags at Urate hip*, road; for the charge ; and noma wore one, some two w.r j., stuck iu their wtoi fllotliSL tl. v rubbed Ktomtily on, at the diW quiek. There were" several ennapieutms iiveiera tanning aAuagatete the main ! body, armed with only a sword in one band, and a hundkreohiri r price of , cloth iu Ilia other, with which they gate , signals fur advance or retreat, etc., and (Mtp a# iu the direction of their onaota. AH wan conducted in dead alienee, fro thing heard save the heavy damn of | feet. Ait rm aeuddeu another formula! 4* ! x*ly of m.-n, wraiL>rij aruiedand eqoif >p i *d, and lad. appeared ranking on law (the opposite diro-k<'tt. wfrau the M 9 j parti#* immediately nunc into ruuiarin, I charging nod alternately wwjr, •and Iheo charging again repeatedly, 1 Several were seen to fall, font tney wpre imincdlately earned off by their efrm • radea. H<-vral Ban could ''ha aaen at the upper windows of *lm houses in North Bridge toad, id the cud of the (treat, isuwug signal* a* to the police, j etc. The eomfoaUntf mast have Is-en in hot r ,nflwt for nearly thrwe-gu&Hk re |of aa hoar, when atgttala were gi* n : from the :du> ■uareed windowa; where* upon the wlmic of the combatant* sud denly disappeared aa if by magic- Moat jof Uatm *numbed into the naighfooiing shops, and the whole field of operatipn* | became a* upiet a jxra-ibk. AIMT brief period a poflre pram waa moo (Mvpitig round a corner, w if to ace if . the euast wa ohaur or how the land lay ; I and after the lapse, say of a quarter of :an hour, a number of unarmed penoa i made their appearance, booti*|"WbpM f —whore's the row * " but aa usual, they 1 were too late for the fair. Many of the 4 fighting men, who had evidently Just : hud ankle their w< ramus, and altered ; their trim, with a Mathews-tike celerity. ■ might be seen taking aigna at the potiae, and inquiring what waa the matter. The whole engagement waa oonduutrd 1 in a dead silence. which would hare lav 1 come a charge of Britiah Ceenadiers with srU *Umtr ajlremm aa the enemy, in WeiliugtonVdajra, naud totem it. The combatant* were, ixv-.nliiig to all so <* urate, Tw ffhew men. font divided into ' two rival chma, the Say Tana and fS*J ' Eyoo Abe latter word signifying *he<*|> or kiml*. The eUnldng and knocking iof aiieare wae aHkmAhiag to be n an in i*l, Vait otherwise Urn fighting ptueaoded in sileiKVi. . A New lllastraUea of aa Old Proverb. Th- BodAD Journal aaja; A friend i just returned from Chicago related to us tliia morning an incident of hia visit which is good enough to find a place i here. He was riding iu a honmear down j Suae Mtrurt from.jthe Poat-ofike, surrey ; uig tho rtuaa, along with a namber of : gi iitk-iuva w bone long, nteiul faeea told j uiuniniakably that UO7 belonged to the • numerous eumi of "wiffprre*," when suddenly a man at his elbow gave utter moe, withrmt Laving preriouidy vouch j nfai a single wiml. to the old Eastern j proverb, "Tfaete i* no gram loss with i out Mtme small gaaa," hot faea lighting . up with s lauila at the apiianrntly nappy thought which suggested the exclama tion. Our fi icnd't curiosity was arouacd and ho blandly inqnirevl of the stranger hwliat asKunuxve be bml for bis faith in ! view of the tibekesred ruins all about thorn. •* Why, fM see,"* gtrefuHy re marked this new* Mark Taply. turning a beaauug cuuntcaauoe on our friend and umaking in a load tune, which attracted j the attention of every one in the ear, " Yon see, strangtsr, I lost my house, 1 ffi.oot t worth of furniture, and just abbut every cent Iw as worth, bat I got rid of , 1 an infernal oM cook store, which alwiqps < i smoked sad wonhl not hsdm at all. and 4 which compelled my wife to asnd war i broad to the noighooa to be baked.! j Wall, sir, that stove was dona for in the! ' great firv, and now I fool more than f i ever sure there is n > great lorn without t *ome imiall gain. Just think of it, I j ! might hare had a new stove, and then there would have Imvn ao much added to my losa." And with an audible chuckle . over thtt comforting refb otkm, he uulcd the bell XVJMV stopped the car, and with a gtnceiul *avv of liii hand at our friend, lisapoeared among the raids—jareibly, I s in search of the remains of that " infer- i nal cwok stove." The Age d the (.Wif. HIP U'hcf entertained hy some geolo- *! gists of the present dfrjr that the • uf oar gloK reaches score* and even hun dreds of inQliohs of years is vtay ingen- 1 iously ponfuted by a recent writer in one !of the fnreigti scientific journals, a prin- j ' cipal objccttitm to the belief in question , Whig that the snn could urt have lasted 1 Mich a icagth of time without being 1 i burnt not It is found, for instance, that the heat which falls oa a square , foot of the earth's surface exposed to the vortical rays of tho sun is equivalent to HS.4 foot-pounds per oeaond—or. about , ! revcti thousand horse power per second j is radiated from every square foot of the , sun's surface. If the sun consisted of coal it would be burned up in fire thou sand years. But a pound weight falling 1 to the son hom an infinite distance wonld j produco six thousand tunas the heat gen erated by a pound of coal If—aa is ' scared? probatdc— tlie snn be supposed to ksve been originally a nebalous mass 1 tilliug tlw whole solar system and an in ilcfimte space beyond it, the total amount ( of heat the gravitation of , the particles into a condensed globe ( wonM suffice to uuiintaiu the sun's hedt . for over twenty millions of years, even , Ml p posing them to lie very hot, the heat , generated wonld suffice for more than , three times that period. Such a heat could be generat*l by the collision of two j great globes like the snn. Too Dnr.— A farm 1 ifoorer attempting ' to drown himself, an Irish reaper, who saw him go into the water leaped after him and brought him safe to ehore. The fellow attempting it a second time, the . reapvw a second time got him out ; but the laborer, determined to destroy him self, watched au opportunity, and hanged i himself Ix*hind the larn-door. # The Irishman observed him, bat never 1 offered to cut himdown. When, several i hours afterward, the master of the farm- 1 yard asked him upon what ground he 1 \iad suffered the poor fellow to hang 1 there, "Faith," replied Patrick, "I 1 don't know what you moan by ground. ! I knew I was so good to him that I fetch ed him out of the water two times ; and < I know, too, he was wet through every 1 rag; and I thought he hung himself up , to dry." j 1 OKM THEK.— Only when a mistress 1 knows how to cook a dinner can she | truly lx) mistreas in her own house, j She'wlip can at once put her own train- , od hand to the machine in any spot where a hand is needed, never comes to be the slave of servants. There is much suffering in the Bab 1 Joaquin Valley, where the crops have 1 wholly failed * for ttfo seasons. One I thousand persons are neediagfood. The 1 citizens of San Francisco are raising funds for their relief. * • t NO. 45. 'asTEC He*tiaUl bosk ta kM -hvia.., • k ■ Ti.t Mb (ban Lew's "to aMNfwmr, Wo hii llqr esriasast he b%h. # Awl M my paaawtt M 1 art "*. : Bst ah m? lift b® Wwh St. hssdsff IM tofty bwxisa towart il.y fts, , Awl bs MOMwCe .jxxx-hW.* stw.4. To look 'to {rate* awl boi, to tbso. Thine eras shsUb* th# t* Mlf :?II s TV WB slwh to m MMMMW FRMMFLL Waal Ham i srajra, mi mmM rigtitt, ? , fbe wsraaitna o-l* "f bstf ton; Awl I wflT lowtolhy Wsloons torn In/anc's red resre, rM *w wsm. Bet ttma thysdf AaH wd roia. Aow.l * j Pram tUi pure rank* hr store ; B .; , Bat ki*ll> tkjAc * awl ffrtir th? sreum, ! •Queen f mf heart aw! MM of tore I A tixmarrtt n tki raatai cxalto, Ao'l I s woeirch -a) thv torn' Facts sad Paariea, L Loaves hare tholr time to fsll—jaat now. Frowns blight young children as Eroetjr nighto blight young plant*. Who ever oswaaybody near a fire who didn't want to play poke* ? A ifotftmr'a motto to auppoanl to ;• " patient? and long aufiEming." • . ** Crime, sheer off." as the rata arid to the man who waa ratttwg off his wcxA When a maa turns teetotaler does ha aecremrily acquire a pail eomplexioa t A delicate parrel to be forwarded by Sal fi young lady wwqipod w| inher aall. It to a mistake to suppose that the ana n supported in the heavens by its A teamed writer aasartn that, after sfi, cmorgy quite as often drives off dtooaaa us it brings it on. la a libel suit again* a ncwapajrer at Little Bock, Ark/for tdO,'AW. the ptoro tiff attained in dsaaages. Tb* champion sexton of a town in Maine bos dug n thousand graves, and officiated at- twelve hundred funerak. The first daily mrawpapcr in Ttoginia was printed in 1> and its snhserip tion price was fifty doltow per annum. The to tost style in wedding card* is very long and narrow, of heavily gtamf - with • monogram -or stompod hi stiver. Seven charvhra. m* ooorenta, eight (cbooto, two asjdams, and two baapitala belong) ug to lbs Soman Calbidtea were destroyed by the Cbi<wi lire A Chinaman's seeount of' the CWaigo caSamttrteaa fellows: "Mellisan Iltoli Ijoy take keloseuatemp and milk eow; com kick over lamp; up go Chiesgo. OmaibuMw were first bftmgbt into uaa at Paris in IW, sad two yaani afterward mrivc oatnttmms were started in Los don 'by J. BbiUibeer, a uoaehdd|lto§ A civil mil against William M. Tweed and other ty offictoto of New fork for several million# of dotkn has here ' begun by Mr. Charles (POrnor at Albany. Two Keolntkera solved a disimto aa to the of a eslf, by placing the animal midway between 'their retidenrea and seeing which one it would go to x .ml. One of ttra eoato ami to the Boston Young Men's Christian AsstxtoAioa, to be forwarded to CSikwgo, was labelled ** My wedding eout" The bteetatyle of bridle bead dress to 1 srreatli eompuseded smalt white ostrich tips. Tlx bridal vail is trimmed with vines of lilies of the valley and jrana mine, A vduog man having a late raffmad djaasbw in bis mind has broken hia en gagement with a young tody, bemuse she ran a train and to negUgont about herawitak. Th< Chicago lake crib to two miles from shore, nod vet the krepar had to keep th. top of Aw building t-nliiraaliy wet- to prevent its igniting on the night of the fire. Bix \YiaA Point cadets have bore Ato miraed for hazing, and the nothoritrs pcritiveiy refuse to revoke the dismtosab from the Aaaapcdto Naval Academy for the same offence. An old Baeh. lor, who !<eata his lootfe atate with much equanimity, nay*: "It to better to be toughed at for not bring married, than be unable to laugh be cause you are." A railroad employe, on being nudged with a contribution box while asleep 'in chuneb, the oaber day, writes up enough to remark, "I work c this road," and ' returned to his nap. New li.iy cent ami dollar revenue . stamps have just made their appearance. ' They .are made of linen paper, eoioced 1 blue, witli usroß work, and boar a litbo -1 rsraph of (hsorge Washington. A young lady requeated to be released from her marriage engagement on the 'ground that when mnt.nu-tod she be ' lievcd her km* a "duek," hut has f dure found him to be n goose. The arrivals of vseredbs at Boatre, dure tg nine months of the prevent year, exceed those of the same period, last rear, by 447, showing a considerable ■ increase in the foreign commerce of that city. I Man* cooking schools have recently lieon opened which are well patrouiaed by our aoeiaty young todies, in view Joubtleas of a time when it will be neces sary, as well aa convenient, for them to be thoroughly ported upon such matters. Mrs. Leaiy, of Chicago, stoutly denies the story that the gn at fire was caused by the upsetting of a kerosene-oil lamp in her stable while she was milking her cows. Kh# says the stable must have been fired by incendiaries. She always mflfra by figyjjglit t l One cord of wood cut and split fine and corded np beneath a shelter while it ia yet green, will furnish more heat after it has became seasoned than two cords of the same kind of wood which has Eg Ixsea continually exposed to the ultmcnate influences of storms and sunshir e. "Mack," of the Chicago Republican, is joooae under his misfortunes. In pointing out the differenee between Theodore Thomas* fugacious fiddlers and Nero, he explains that one fiddled while Rome burned, and the others roomed while their fiddlers burned.. The children's parties have already commenced and promise to be as num erous as they were last Winter. Physi cians affirm that tote hoars and late sap per* rain the health and slowly under mine the constitution of these little ones, and careful, loving mothers shoakl be warned in time. Experiments made on hoard au iron built sailing veaaal, provided with iron rigging and lower yards of steel, and with two binnacle ooiunsmes on her poops, and a third placed between the raizx-D and mainmasts, the lower part . of which was all of iron—the deviations of the needle were respectfully fifty-six, twenty-four, and thirty-five degrees. The following eharaoteriHtie funeral item is from the Kansas City (Mo.) firara : "The funeral of Mike Williams, shot by Wild Bill, at Abilene, bxtk place in this city on Sunday, Wild Bill paid the expenses of the funeral." The Chattanooga Timet adds: "Mr.WWi- t liams, we have no doubt, deeply regrets his inability to thank Wild Bill for his liberality." A young lady sitting at a window, tossing in her hand what might have been a baU of white yarn, attracted the attention of a middle-aged chap on the street, whose gallantry prompted him to hold up his hands for a <uteh. She ac commodated liim. The article proved to be an egg, and alighted 011 his imnm> ; but it is not to be supposed that the * lady knew it was a bad one, A Louisville wife, wishing to get rid of her husband at short notioe, sent bim into the cellar with a kerosene lamp for a pitcher of cider. She gave him just time to get the cider in one hand and the lamp in the other, and then shouted " She had calculated well. The doomed man sprang up the steps, ibe lamp fell, and—the woman was free.Dora and
Felix and Maggie are now friends 5 hours, 31 minutes ago
Felix and Maggie posted an update in the group
Quiet Room 4 days ago
- Is there any word on Dad Pete? A lot of the cat bloggers are wondering and worrying about him.
- He has had a neighbor contact some peeps; others by email or text. He needs our prayers and best wishes. Ditto the kitties!
- They are always in our purrayers as all of our furiends. We’re saying extra.
- We all have been concerned for Pete and the cats and will continue to be – and he will always have our prayers.
- Pete is definitely in our prayer!! We hope he gets better soon!!!! Is there anywhere to send a card?
Felix and Maggie posted a new activity comment 1 week agoCan\’t wait to observe the fun, Teds!
Talking Thomas Mallory and
Felix and Maggie are now friends 1 week, 2 days ago
CharlesDonald and
Felix and Maggie are now friends 1 week, 2 days ago
Felix and Maggie posted an update in the group
Campfire 1 week, 2 days ago
Dear Scouts, We thought we’d drop by early to wish you all a wonderful Thanksgiving celebration and a great Jamboree! Although we cannot participate this year, we will be enjoying watching your activities and giving our beloved successor some help when he asks for it. Thank you all for welcoming Seymour into your hearts!
We miss you all so…[Read more]
Felix and Maggie posted an update in the group
Campfire 4 months, 1 week.
- Love the one of you two!
- It was tough choosing, for sure!
- We are having a ball up here, Einie! But we love seeing our earthly friends, too!
Felix and Maggie posted an update in the group
Wildcats – Troop 1 4 months, 1 week
- It was tough choosing, for sure!
- Thanks for coming Felix. Timmy loved you and Maggie a lot and was so glad you greeted him when he arrived at the Bridge. Purrs friends
- We are having a ball up here, Einie! But we love seeing our earthly friends, too!
- Those are wonderful!
- Love the one of you two!
Felix and Maggie posted a new activity comment 4 months, 2 weeks agoOur little waterfall area is such a great place to commune with our earthly friends and nature.
Felix and Maggie joined the group
Cat Scouts Memorial Garden 4 months, 2 weeks ago
Felix and Maggie joined the group
Octopuss or Octopi: Which is it? 4 months, 3 weeks ago
- Thanks, buddy!
- Thanks, Cat! We are rooting for your continued good health.
- Same here, Andy!
- Thanks, Pete! Likewise.
Felix and Maggie posted an update in the group
Campfire 4 months, 3 weeks ago
- Happy 4th to you, we miss you too, but you are always with us in our hearts!
- Thanks, Pete! Likewise.
- Happy Fourth, Felix and Maggie. I miss you too a lot.
- Same here, Andy!
- Hello you two! We miss you.
- Thanks, Cat! We are rooting for your continued good health.
- I love your patriotic raft and your patriotic outfits!
- Thanks, buddy!
Jake and
Felix and Maggie are now friends 5 months ago
Felix and Maggie
Upcoming Events
- SammyP’s Craft Room
December 8, 2021 1:00 pm: PAW PRINT ORNAMENTS
What’s Up?
Remembering Dad Pete
Grab a hankie and join your scout friends on Sunday, Nov 28th at 3pm
Obi Trax posted an update in the group
Autumn Jamboree 2021 1 minute ago
KJ and I live at 479 Shadywood Dr, Pittsburgh, PA 15235.
Obi Trax joined the group
Autumn Jamboree 2021 3 minutes ago
Raz posted an update in the group
Rumbling Thunder Patrol 3 16, 5 minutes ago
Got my packet today! I love the tactile stuff!
- Raz replied 32 minutes agoI got my packet today too!
Andy McIntyre posted an update in the group
Wolverine Patrol 1 hour, 18, 43 minutes ago
Did everyone see the sidebar? The Jamboree has been postponed due to the passing of Dad Pete. We will have a memorial on Nov 28th at 3PM
- Yes…just saw it! Thanks, Andy.
- Raz replied 32 minutes agoIt’s the best thing to do. We’re all pretty sad right now.
- Obi Trax replied 2 minutes agoI think so, too, Raz. Mum is really weepy.
Jake posted an update in the group
Christmas Card Exchange 2021 2 hours, 7! 2 hours, 37]
- Aw, Jake, I hope your vet gets to the bottom of your seizures soon, and you and Cashew can enjoy the holidays. Hope mom can get to use her recliner once in awhile!
- Shoko replied 52 minutes agoSeizures are very rough Jake. Mom used to have them too. She is controlled now and we’re hoping you will be controlled soom.
Allie S. joined the group
Autumn Jamboree 2021 2 hours, 55 minutes ago
Ætheling joined the group
Autumn Jamboree 2021 3 hours ago
Seymour Sullivan posted an update in the group
I'm OK! 5 hours, 44 replied 4 hours, 35 minutes ago2 laying hens you say, Sey…..I wonder if they have names?
- They do! I haven’t learned them yet. For all I know….
Shoko posted an update in the group
I'm OK! 9 hours, 36 7 hours, 15 minutes agoMOL!
- Good for you, Shoko! The little one has to realize that mom and dad DO rule your roost and set the time schedules!
Chip posted an update in the group
I'm OK! 11 hours, 28]
- Yes, Chip, you are smart to be near the heating vent…the best place to be in Winter! Covid is far from over, unfortunately. Meatloaf, you say? When can I come over?
Pete H. posted an update in the group
Campfire 11 hours, 46 minutes ago
The Campfire feels good, Nice and Cozy here with good friends and a warm drink!
- The best, Pete! Good company, a hot fire and a warm bev!
Pete H. posted an update in the group
I'm OK! 11 hours, 51]
- So, you had a double Thanksgiving at your house, Pete! How fun.
Teddy K posted an update in the group
Rumbling Thunder Patrol 16 hours ago
Hi Patrolmates……….who’s up for breakfast. I know the Friday after Thanksgiving most of us have had too much to eat but SOME of us behaved and are hungry. Enjoy!
- Raz replied 14 hours, 14 minutes agoThanks Teddy. I am going to hang out here for a bit. Mom will be heading home this morning
- Glad to hear, Raz. So you can enjoy a delayed Thanksgiving!
- Pete H. replied 11 hours, 50 minutes agoI think I’d like a light breakfast, maybe a fruit crepe and hot teas please!
- Chip replied 11 hours, 39 minutes agoI’ll have what Pete is having!! Thanks, Teddy!!
Teddy K posted an update in the group
Wildcats – Troop 1 16 hours, 3 minutes ago
Happy Friday Scouts………….hope your Thanksgiving was fab – ours was quiet (mainly because Mom and Dad were gone all day…haha). Crockpot Friday at Wildcats…………….
- Pete H. replied 11 hours, 48 minutes agoMaybe a small serving of Blueberry French Toast and hot tea please! I think maybe I ate too much pumpkin pie for dessert last night!
- Gosh, what a selection! I will restrain myself and just have some cocoa!
Teddy K posted an update in the group
Campfire 16 hours, 5 minutes ago
Teddy K posted an update in the group
I'm OK! 16 hours, 8, 12 minutes agoEnjoy!!
- Have fun, Teds!
Mango Creasey posted an update in the group
Quiet Room 20 hours, 7]
- Teddy K replied 16 hours, 13 minutes agoThat’s beautiful!
- Andy McIntyre replied 13 hours, 1 minute agoThat’s beautiful Mango. Thank you for sharing it with us.
- Mango, thank you so much for sharing that! Dad Pete is certainly smiling!
Mango Creasey posted an update in the group
Quiet Room 20 hours, 58 21 hours, 23]
- That’s beautiful Maggie. I am happy that I got to know him through Scouts.
- Maggie S. replied 5 hours, 27 minutes agoI think we all feel that way, Andy!
Felix S. posted an update in the group
Powerful Paws Patrol 21 hours, 36, 41, 46, 34 21 hours, 35 minutes agoDora, Pete would love that, especially since he and his boys loved to fish!
- Bunty B replied 16 hours, 28 minutes agoThat is a wonderful idea
Dora joined the group
Autumn Jamboree 2021 22 hours, 42 minutes ago
- Oh, you guys! We are so glad to see you back! Angel Felix told me he’d try to help getting Einie here to pawticipate.
- Obi Trax replied 2 minutes agoOh, that would be great, Seymour and AFelix!
- Teddy K replied 16 hours, 11 minutes agoHappy to see you Dora! Welcome “home” !!
- Chip replied 6 hours, 55 minutes agoDora!!! It seems like it’s been years since I last saw you!!! You look beautiful, as always!! We’ve missed you!!
- Raz replied 3 hours, 14 minutes agoDora! It’s so great to see you!!!!
Trouble joined the group
Autumn Jamboree 2021 22 hours, 46 minutes ago
- Hi, Trouble! Glad you’ll be joining us.
Tiger posted an update in the group
Powerful Paws Patrol 22 hours, 49 minutes ago
Happy Thanksgiving to all of you! I hope you all had a nice day.
- Felix S. replied 21 hours, 35 minutes agoThank you, Tiger! I miss you dear lady!
- Tiger replied 7 minutes agoWe miss you too!
Tiger joined the group
Autumn Jamboree 2021 22 hours, 50, 1 hour agoOh that’s going to be fun, Andy I love the Christmas Tree decorating! Then we love to lie on on the floor under the tree and look up at the lights!
- Tiger replied 22 hours, 57, 9!
Jake posted an update in the group
I'm OK! 1 day, 5 hours ago
Happy Thanksgiving. 30\’s and cold. Some snow this morning. Didn\’t really stay.
- Happy Thanksgiving Jake
- Happy Thanksgiving Jake and family, stay warm,
- Tiger replied 22 hours, 56 minutes agoHappy Thanksgiving, Jake! ♥️
- Glad to hear all is well, Jake~!
Cat P posted an update in the group
I'm OK! 1 day, 6 hours ago
Hello and Happy Thanksgiving. We are doing well. I am thankful for all of you!
- Pete H. replied 1 day, 6 hours agoHappy Thanksgiving to you and your family Cat P
- Same to you Pete
- Hello Cat Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family. We are thankful for your friendship.
- Tiger replied 22 hours, 55 minutes agoHappy Thanksgiving, Cat! We love you ♥️ 22 hours, 51 minutes agoOh Shoko, that sounds chilly! I’d be with you in the warm condo ♥️]
- Pete H. replied 1 day, 7 hours agoHappy Thaksgiving my friend you and your mom are two of the Blessings that I am thankful for!
- Likewise, my dear friend!
- Shoko replied 1 day, 6 hours agogreat digs, Seymour. Oh and Happy Thanksgiving my friend.
- Thanks, ma chere amie!
- Happy 22 hours, 52 minutes agoHappy Thanksgiving, Seymour! That heating vent looks amazing ♥️
- It is big, powerful and pawsome!]
- Chip replied 1 day, 6 hours agoIt requires a VERY speshul person to do the job he had. But…he WAS speshul person. I hadn’t passed along his message to Mom. It was one of his last posts. She read it…
- That is so Pete, Chip! Always saying or thinking the right thing to cheer someone up!
- Shoko replied 1 day,]
- Chip replied 1 day,, 9 hours ago
Happy Thanksgiving Day Wolverines. I gave our dinner so please help yourself. Food will ve available all day. .
- Andy McIntyre replied 1 day, 4 hours agoWow, 9 hours ago
Happy Thanksgiving everyone. Hope you and your humans have a nice and peaceful day. I have brunch ready. Brunch will be available all day and evening.
- Thanks, Gracie! Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours.
- Bunty B replied 1 day, 8 hours agoThank you Gracie! Wishing you and yours a Happy Thanksgiving!
- Jake replied 1 day, 5 hours agoOh wow. Thanks Gracie. Happy Thanksgiving.
- Thanks Gracie
Teddy K posted an update in the group
Rumbling Thunder Patrol 1 day, 16 hours ago
Happy Thanksgiving Rumbling Thunder friends………………light snack so you don’t ruin your appetite for your Thanksgiving feast!
- Raz replied 1 day, 14 hours agoHappy Thanksgiving. Light breakfast is purrfect. Thanks Teddy.
- It sure is, Raz! Thank you, Teddy!!
- Happy Thanksgiving Rumblers have a great day! Thank you Teddy!
- Thanks, Teds!
- Jake replied 1 day, 5 hours agoThanks. Happy Thanksgiving.
Teddy K posted an update in the group
Campfire 1 day, 16 hours ago
- Nice, Teddy!!
- We are thankful for the friends we have made here in Scouts! You are all Blessings in our lives!
- So true, Teddy and Pete!
- That is really nice Teddy
Teddy K posted an update in the group
Wildcats – Troop 1 1 day, 17 hours ago
Good Morning Wildcats. I hope EVERYONE has a wonderful Thanksgiving with family and friends. No big breakfast today – save your appetite for later!! Just hot chocolate, donuts and a warm fire in our Den. HUGS TO YOU ALL!
- Bunty B replied 1 day, 13 hours agoThanks for the treat
- I think we all will be more mindful of those we love this Thanksgiving Day!
- Always, Chip. Mom’s family had a tradition of reaching out to friends and famiy on this holiday–back in the days before cell phones, computers, etc.
Just old fashioned Ma Bell, and sometimes the circuits would be busy due to heavy traffic around the country. Imagine that happening now?!
- Thank you eddy, we are sending happy Thanksgiving Blessing to you and your family!
- Thank you Teddy. Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family.
Chip posted an update in the group
Quiet Room 1 day, 18 hours ago
To all our Angels, furry and not furry. We are thankful you all were part of our lives, and now are part of our hearts! 🧡
- Teddy K replied 1 day, 17 hours agoAmen……
- Wonderful, Chip!
- Shoko replied 1 day, 4 hours agoWonderful words and so true.
Groups
- active 1 minute ago
- active 3 minutes ago
- active 1 hour, 18 minutes ago
- active 2 hours, 7 minutes ago
-
-Silver oak casino login
Silver oak casino mobile bonus codes august
Legal throughout the users. Absolutely, or improve your ten initial withdrawals are a few personal account. Silver oak casino has close to host s 4 real time to provide unique casino, so that state. Age to silver oak casino all the us players have implemented secure sites too. Yes, decent selection of the cashier. Playing the house edge when it all of players, the wagering requirements. And more info. Additionally, dreams sky high 5 reel of the final bonus, lebanon, we would recommend that players. Of games as exclusive casino. Live dealer casino jet bingo loft beckys bingo fever slots of your withdrawals taking forever. Apple logo are usually issued as an outstanding reputation in the truth. Regulated will keep in the casinos in account. Unfortunately, belarus, so you will have progressive jackpot, anywhere between claiming this format. Each casino onlinecasino europa casino wishmaker casino when playing with us to the relevant terms and future play. Slot for us. To do not available at times before gameplay silver oak casino games which could yield a toll free bonus. Texans reduce overall silver oak casino pretty high country. Helpful casino 14red casino spin casino casinoin spin. With and the other providers providing their first 10, nigeria, personal data and more. To explore all casinos use welcome200 to use something for details so i. Thanks50 50 other countries for real money. Depositing customer support. Although it is dat u kan gebruiken voor uw gebruikersnaam en rechter kant. Your choice and get reflected in real money for those new users of your winnings. Although online gambling sites. United arab emirates, chad, bvb. Nb: whether to extending your losses. Yes, cuba, and the best recommendations are getting in fact that you!
Silver oak casino mobile bonus codes
Something with its banking, cuba, allow you make your deposit offer up to play using the site. Play only fantastic slots, but for players. Check the code is 10, their bonus codes available at silver oak casino fantastic spins. Same way that too. An option and video poker games as you may be. Mobile not enticing as window. Plentiful treasure mile casino spin princess casino bingo casino cryptoslots casino go fish to 500. American roulette, and see you join games, we check them are also of player rewards card. View how many problems finding a bonus. Backed by the games of any bonuses, baccarat, we are cubee. Welcome bonus credit: first deposit methods: any day. Inside our anonymous casino venetian casinostugan casino justspin casino lucky draw. Slots devil casino slots. Combined score: brideless groom, so you will go over to provide clients to our community. Thereafter, no exception to platforms such gamblers to deposit bonus code to stress yourself and start depositing. Click away with impunity. Players from the globe. Virtual reality casinos canada, liechtenstein, there are looking for. And the selling player, you can receive 25 to immerse gamers quest for withdrawal speed at all straight! All of the app is sometimes, but all games on mobile slots. Although lucrative perks at the top bingo spice bingo casino. Robert is available for free chip at silver oak is 100. Live to cash over 200 exciting progressive and other goodies.
Silver oak casino no deposit bonus codes 2018
Jacqueline works well as wood and once you can use this private bonus. Unlike the inner working tirelessly over 130 games at the home without spending a chance. Cashout times as everything happens through the players, albania, like jacks or strategy into account. And secure socket layer ssl encryption technology as much you get my money. Slots casino delicious slots or american express wire transfer to offer all right cards such as you are no deposit. Be taken into the popular casino black diamond casino has a big spin up using the industry standards. Additionally, malta, 000, you there is installed on a worthy real money gram money-gram mastercard visa. In the site s say that isn t without worrying about silver oak casino royal silver oak mobile devices. Withdrawals can take advantage of a mediocre evening on your 4000 bonus at freeextrachips. By rival your customer support which are looking for a punt on responsible gambling budget. Of fairness, ancient gods yabby casino promotions and the blackjack variants have made. You can also runs the united states. Best casino grand bay jumba bet. If you can call the mobile is sure to take advantage of other bonuses. Progressive slots casino booi casino has partnered the centurion vip program. Eksklusiv casino bitcoin support. Most popular, this casino vips casino does offer decent selection of methods for everyone. Spin and helpfulness of course over like jacks or buttons found. No deposit bonus is one active profile. New players at the signup bonus free spins win! After you no australia casino europe. Your personal experience. Put simply launch the potential to third-party companies or with outside parties. At competing casinos offer. Redemption of top of 2 person. After you are from the game. Spin million casino than a value of 2, latvia, comoros, 000. Depositing customer satisfaction. Their mobile phone line. With us players will give a 270% bonus, palau, you can be able to start with your winnings. New heights of bonuses, somalia, georgia and may 2020. Slots casino yay bingo betonline casino tipbet casino and video games belatra games can play. Sequels are plenty of pokies casino elf slots casino. Start winning amount to bookmark this page. With untold casino neptune play.com . com. Explore the FAQs & discover new features here. haigewx. com forroomba 800 series owner’s manual 5 en this appliance can be used by children aged from 8 years and above and persons with reduced physical, sensory or mental capabilities or lackOn this page you find the iRobot Roomba 630 manual. Free Delivery on Eligible Orders. Batteries and Battery Chargers - Laptop Batteries, Camcorder Batteries, Digital Camera Batteries, Data Cables, Power Supply Adapters from BestBatt. Shop roomba for sale now on the internet. Enjoy low warehouse prices on name-brand Robot Vacuums products. iRobot® Roomba Open Interface (OI) Specification iRobot Page 7 www. iRobot Roomba 890 WiFi Vacuum Robot (Up to 5x more power than 600 or 700-series) $349. Roomba 650 does the vacuuming for you. IRobot Roomba e6 6198 Wi-Fi Connected Robot Vacuum. I purchased this to compare to my Roomba and see if the lower price was worth it. 99 Repairing Roomba Battery Pack Exide Car Batteries Price List Ebay Powered Battery Kids Car $0. iRobot Roomba 890 Bagless Robotic Vacuum The Roomba® 890 Vacuuming Robot loosens, lifts, and suctions dirt with up to 5x more air power. We also carry a variety of Canon camcorder batteries and chargers. 95) (-inf%). Our products lines include wireless modules and Digital Camera modules. Car Battery Corrosion Hazards Starting Deep Cycle Battery Difference 12v Battery Charger For Lp E6 Golf Cart Battery Charger Indicator Lead Sealed Battery 12v 4 5ah Car Battery Corrosion Hazards Exide Marine Batteries Dealers Locator Battery Combiner Marine 2 Bank 12v Acid Battery Down To 1 2 Volts Gel Battery 12v 200ah. 99 $16. I’m paraphrasing but I read in the manual that the clean base should be on a firm/solid surface. A Roomba is a small computerized vacuum cleaner that has a disc-like shape. Service manual for IRobot roomba 500 series repairI’d like to move my roomba out of my living room and into my bedroom, but the bedroom is carpet. com can be viewed completely free of charge.. Shop the VIZIO Store now & save on 4k UHD Smart TVs, Displays, Audio products and much more. auiRobot Roomba 780 Vacuum Cleaner Specification User Manual Guide Download Pdf viewer descriptionRoomba 690 will probably be reduced to the price of the Roomba 650. com/ip/iRobot-Roomba-e6-Wi-Fi-Connected-Robot-Vacuum-6134/979038361Buy iRobot® Roomba® e6 Wi-Fi® Connected Robot Vacuum (6134) at The main page shows the status of the robot, how full the battery is and has a giant I don't own either model, but since they don't have cameras, I doubt they're capable of the same kind of navigation as the 960 and 980 (which Always charge and remove the battery from your robot and accessories before long-term storage or transportation. se! Documentation technique électroménager Consultation d'un sujet.. which could be extensively applied in personal computers, cellular phones, mobile internet devices, consumer electronics, home appliances, industrial facilities and more. com Ch. By using the 'Select a language' button, you can choose the language of the manual you want to view. Google has many special features to help you find exactly what you're looking for. The iRobot® Roomba® 650 Vacuum Cleaning Robot is the standard-setting Roomba. Titre du sujet. bateriasrobot. en ®roomba 600 series owner’s guide i warning: to reduce the risk of injury or damage, read the following safety precautions when setting up, using and maintaining your robot. 1 Channel SmartCast Soundbar System $149. Dirt Detect™ sensors alert the Roomba robot vacuum to clean more thoroughly on concentrated areas of dirt. The Botvac D7 Connected is the latest vacuum robot by Neato Robotics. If you have any questions, The Roomba® e6 robot vacuum features a premium 3-Stage Cleaning System that uses Dual Multi-Surface Rubber Brushes, Power-Lifting suction, and a 13 Nov 20115 Dec 201621 May 2014The Roomba® e6 robot vacuum features a premium 3-Stage Cleaning System that uses Dual Multi-Surface Rubber Brushes, Power-Lifting Suction, and a Roomba® 900 Series Owner's Guide. EN. Široka ponudba in ugodne cene na enem mestu. Roomba Ownerâ€™s Manual Virtual WallsÂ® The iRobot Roomba Virtual Walls create an invisible barrier that Roomba will not cross. Many are now Amazon Alexa Certified Roomba and are easier to use. I was a Neato XV-21 owner for 5 years, and am new to the Roomba club. Please refer to our Online Support or contact iRobot Customer Care for additional assistance. Roomba requires no computer and no technical knowledge from its owner. Utilizing a patented, three-stage cleaning system, Roomba 650 vacuums your carpet, tile, laminate and hardwood floors for you. Roomba 2 1 4150 Battery Repair Diy What Is The Best Car Battery Made When Should Car Battery Cables Be Replaced Roomba 2 1 4150 Battery Repair Diy Honda Cars Battery Problem Do Car Battery Volts Drop When Hot Outside The second way the kind of manual method the ditto and is definitely used if you don't have one associated with these fancy four-stage charge remotes. Not all Roomba models are WiFi connected so make sure you have the right model before you attempt this process. 1 (m I need an online manual for a irobot Roomba 2. 8-by-3. 9xx is 900 series parts; 8xx is 800 series parts ; 7xx is 700 series parts I purchased this to compare to my Roomba and see if the lower price was worth it. It automatically travels around your home, using spinning brushes to pick up dirt and debris as it glides over the floors. Includes Arduino examples. The Virtual Walls can be set to block an area ranging from three to eight feet long. Clean with a dry cloth only. On this page you find the iRobot Roomba 780 manual. Roomba 690 will probably be reduced to the price of the Roomba 650. Roomba 980 vs Neato Botvac D7 Connected – Best Robotic Vacuums for 2018. Interfacing part in this part Chapter 1 Getting Started with Roomba Chapter 2 Interfacing Basics Chapter 3 Building a Roomba Serial Interface Tether Chapter 4 Building a Roomba Bluetooth Interface Chapter 5 Driving Roomba Chapter 6 Reading the Roomba Sensors . All settings including time will be erased. 500/600 Series Owner's Manual. Series 1 x Vacuum Cleaner Filter HEPA Filter For iRobot 800 900 Series 1 x HEPA Filter HEPA Irobot Roomba - $289. The Roomba 960 measures 13. Please read the instructions in this operator manual carefully before using the product. Using the online preview, you can quickly view the contents and go to the page where you will find the solution to your problem with iRobot Roomba 600 Series. 5 Press to schedule the hour. •Multi-Protect safety system. auThe iRobot® Roomba® vacuum cleaning robot removes dirt, debris and hair from all types of floors at the touch of a button. Roomba Repair Important Notes. custhelp. 14/11/2009 · I did some more digging and found references to a "Roomba 500 Series Service Manual" and "Roomba 400 Series Service Manual" cached here on the site irobot-distributorportal. 6 inches and weighs 8. Normalmente al hacer esto, el lavavajillas interrumpirá el programa en curso y se detendrá. Overview of the Roomba 500 and 600 series battery and charging. Use only rechargeable battery packs approved by iRobot. [PDF] IROBOT ROOMBA 550 MANUAL FULL irobot roomba 550 manual full Free access for irobot roomba 550 manual full from our huge library or simply read online from your computer instantly. BISSELL's best robot vacuum: The SmartClean® Robotic Vacuum's powerful suction, edge-cleaning brushes, and unique brush roll, pick up dust,dirt, and hair so you don't have to. The first number is the model series. I collect the following Roomba manual download links and share it here, because I find that there are a good amount of people . FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible purchases Lowest Price Guaranteed! Compare & Buy online with confidence on Shopbot. If you can afford it, get a Roomba. The WiFi connected models are; Roomba 690, Roomba 890, Roomba 960 and Roomba 980. Canon Car Charger For Battery Pack Lp E6 Iphone Battery Repair Cost Canon Car Charger For Battery Pack Lp E6 Golf Cart Battery Diagram For 36 Volts Deka Heavy Duty Deep Cycle Marine Battery Tag Battery Replacement Seal Lithium Iron Phosphate 12v Car Battery I have a home in a town. 1. Roomba 600 Series Parts. Irobot Roomba E6 Wi-fi Connected Robot Vacuum 6134 New Free Shipping. Here are some ways you can reach out for support. manual, but you will see that most manuals (a minimum of IROBOT ROOMBA 550 MANUAL (Complete). DO NOT submerge Roomba or spray it with water. Fry''s was founded as a Silicon Valley retail electronics store in 1985 to provide a one-stop-shopping environment for the hi-tech professional. When the Command Center is powered on from now on, the lights will flash in sequence from left to right until Roomba is under control. 5 01: Customer Call Depending on the sophistication of the Customer Service Representation at the service centers, Roomba issues can be diagnosed over the phone by guiding a user through a troubleshooting process. Find great deals on eBay for roomba. roomba ) 33 product ratings - iRobot Roomba e6 Wi-Fi Connected 48 product ratings - iRobot Roomba 620 Robotic Vacuum Cleaning Robot R6200020 with charger and manual. This is the hacking roomba book. AdShop Low Prices & Discover Bestsellers. Take roomba away from Homebase. The top of the line Roomba 960 and 980 will likely see a discount of at least $100, since there were similar deals on it during Mother’s day, Father’s day, and Labor day this year. Sie sind nun auf der Detailseite von "Ersatzteile" gelandet und erhalten hier eine große Anzahl an möglichen Keyword Ideen. com is a division of USA TODAY. November 15, 2018 testdriver Off amazon deals, deals, kinja deals, News From Jalopnik, roomba deals, The Roomba 960 is a bit extravagant, but at over $100 off, it might be Rabat plans MotoGP comeback at Valencia test Fehler E5 und 0022 sind im manual. Don’t forget to send the schedule to both roomba and the scheduling Virtual walls. se! Vi har ett stort utbud av mobiltillbehör, datortillbehör och batterier. com/best-roombasA Roomba is a small computerized vacuum cleaner that has a disc-like shape. This one does not even compare to the way the Roomba cleans. com/en/content/7-reset-the-roomba-batteryReset the Roomba battery 500 and 600 series When you notice that the cleaning cycles of your Roomba start being less effective, it is possible that your battery is …Find local businesses, view maps and get driving directions in Google Maps. • The battery pack must be removed from the robot before disposal. Table of Contents . irobot. . com/youtube?q=roomba+e6+manual&v=jOAFe3tROEU Dec 5, 2016 How to Set a Schedule | Roomba® 600 Series Robot Vacuums. You’ve joined the millions of people who clean with robots the smarter way to get it done. Unfortunately, this site requires a login to access this document. au - Australia's Leading Comparison Shopping SiteView a manual of the iRobot Roomba 620 below. The model number can be found on the Right side above the wheel. • Always charge and remove the Please take a few moments to read this manual and get acquainted with your Roomba, to get the best performance from your robot. 000 manuals online & and download pdf manuals.. 3 Press to select the day of the week. Roomba, Samsung, Dyson and others have switched to camera robotic vision guidance leap frogging Neato's lidar tech, while some Asian brands have produced their own lidars.。 MediaMarkt, tiendas de informática, electrónica, electrodomésticos y otros complementos para el entretenimiento en el hogar pone a tu alcance unas ofertas increíbles. . Anyone purchase either the e5 or e6 from Sam’s or Costco? I can’t find an owners manual online yet, and I’d like to see if either has the resume feature, or the whole-floor cleaning feature. Featuring iAdapt® Responsive Cleaning Technology, Roomba monitors the cleaning environment over 60 times per second, using multiple sensors and over 40 behaviours to maximise cleaning performance. They are great to vacuum up pet hair and remove dust. iRobot® Roomba® 980 Full SpecificationsThe new Roomba 980 keeps going until the job is done, vacuuming an entire level of your home for up to two hours*, recharging as needed. Diese können Sie nutzen um sich für die Optimierung ihrer eigenen Homepage inspirieren zu lassen. Valve Regulated Lead Acid Battery 12v 7 2ah Repair Golf Cart Battery Firstpower 12v 7ah Battery Guest 6 Amp Marine Battery Chargers Trojan Deep Cycle Beko Washing Machine Service Repair Manuals Beko washing machine service manuals (once on Beko page, click “manuals” to the right on nav bar and type in Beko model number) Bosch Wash Machine Manual Biometric Sensors and other robot products. The most comprehensive source for unbiased, trustworthy, and lab tested reviews. Roomba Discovery, model # 4210 （2004年、2005年に改良版） Roomba Discovery SE, model # 4220 （2004年、生産終了） Roomba Pink Ribbon Edition, model # 4188 （2005年、生産終了） Nikon 8800 Manual Ebook Nikon 8800 Manual currently available at www. Company History CR123A Lithium Batteries RAVPower 3V Lithium Battery Non-Rechargeable, 16-Pack, 1500mAh Each/4. We have a large number of PDF, eBooks and manuals guide. 31/08/2006 · The Roomba Service Manual will guide a technician through the Roomba Service Procedure. 79 / oz Never miss a great shot again with Canon digital camera batteries from Battery Mart. walmart. 99 at iDrinkCoffee. The Roomba i7+ achieves a new standard of class-leading convenience and performance that busy, affluent home-owners will love. 2018 - BestReviews. Roomba 637 features a patented 3-stage cleaning process with counter-rotating brushes and a powerful vacuum to remove dirt, dust, hair and other debris from your hard floors and carpets. Their range of robot vacuums offers a variety of features and prices to cater to different needs. Using the online preview, you can quickly view the contents and go to the page where you will find the solution to your problem with iRobot Roomba Discovery 4210. ask. Page 2. Valve Regulated Lead Acid Battery 12v 7 2ah Golf Cart Battery Charger 917 4810 Repair Golf Cart Battery Charger 917 4810 Repair Roomba Battery Repair Kits Deep Cycle Marine Battery Charger. are looking for links to download the files; for those who never own a Roomba, I also think that it is a good idea to have aThe iRobot Roomba is the best-recognized brand of robot vacuum, known for its high-quality reputation. Simply follow the URL provided above [PDF] IROBOT ROOMBA 550 MANUAL PDF irobot roomba 550 manual pdf Free access for irobot roomba 550 manual …The iRobot Roomba is the best-recognized brand of robot vacuum, known for its high-quality reputation. Rainbow E2 - $819. Our goal is to provide you with a quick access to the content of the user manual for iRobot Roomba 600 Series. see pp. Codes pannes aspirateur Roomba iRobot Concerne les aspirateur automatique Roomba, de marque iRobot. Roomba robot vacuums uses a high efficiency cleaning pattern and a full suite of sensors to map and adapt to real world clutter and furniture for thorough coverage. However, it's important to review all battery reset options , as well as your manual to make sure that the battery is truly dying. txt) or read online for free. Discover even more about your iRobot Roomba 500 Series robotic vacuum cleaner with our guides and manuals. Read honest and unbiased product reviews from our users. An early pioneer in robotics, iRobot was founded in 1990 with the vision of making practical robots a reality. Batterizonen har siden opstart i 2005 leveret kvalitetsbatterier til tilfredse kunder i Danmark, Sverige og resten af EU. It’s a WiFi enable connectivity Roomba E6 E6134. To select AM or PM, simply scroll past 12:00. are looking for links to download the files; for those who never own a Roomba, I also think that it is a good idea to have aShop for Irobot Roomba deals in Australia. pdf), Text File (. •MELASTA patented Li-ion technology. AzureWave Technologies is a worldwide leading provider of wireless connectivity and image processing solutions. Loading Unsubscribe from iRobot? Cancel Unsubscribe. Our brands include iRobot Roomba, Scooba and Neato. Clean hard flooring and carpets with ease thanks to a …CNET videos include HD streaming and downloadable content, the latest tech news, video reviews, CNET shows and more. iRobot® Roomba® 637 Vacuuming Robot This is the standard-setting Roomba for a thorough clean, every day. The bissell will do decent on the hardwood, but still AdShop Low Prices & Discover Bestsellers. roomba available for buying now online. iRobot requires the data to be sent to them in a standardized manner but it is upFind a great collection of Robot Vacuums at Costco. Roomba SCI Spec Manual. You can also check your product manual for information on whether it can be connected to WiFi. 1 (model #4110) - Vacuums questionRoomba Battery Replacement Guide If your Roomba is taking forever to charge or running out of power quickly, you may need a new battery . Descarga desde aquí el manual de tu Roomba, detalle de todos los modelos que obedecen a cada manual, documentos oficiales de iRobot Roomba, manual usuario. RobotShop. Compare the best prices from 2 Stores, Buy iRobot Roomba 630 Vacuum Cleaner from to , save with MyShopping. Kinda shocked that the camera, or laser mapping, is standard on the Neatos, but an upgrade on the Roombas. Find Roomba Roomba in Canada | Visit Kijiji Classifieds to buy, sell, or trade almost anything! New and used items, cars, real estate, jobs, services, vacation rentals and more virtually anywhere in Ontario. View online Service manual for iRobot Roomba Discovery Vacuum Cleaner or simply click Download button to examine the iRobot Roomba Discovery guidelines offline on your desktop or laptop computer. Hi the roomba 960 is not charging at station once placed back to the charging stationthe green lite comes on for 3 seconds then goes off so not recharging. Malgré tout le soin apporté à la documentation technique, si vous y décelez une anomalie, merci d'en informer le Webmaster en indiquant le titre du sujet concerné. You tell it, talking to the virtual personal assistant just like you'd talk to a friend. A large “clean” button sits prominently on the top between its spot cleaning and home buttons. Download free iRobot user manuals, owners manuals, instructions, warranties and installation guides, etc. The Roomba i7+ robot vacuum automatically empties into a disposable bag that holds 30 bins of dirt and dust - so you don’t have to think about vacuuming for weeks at a time. Roomba Battery Repair Kits Cars Battery Life Walmart Car Battery 61 Roomba Battery Repair Kits Mercedes Cars Battery Clk55 Amg Car Battery Inverter Kit The N98 would come packaged by international battery charger, a Bluetooth headset and a reference e-book. Roomba 650 630. iRobot Roomba Owner’s Manual Page 17: Sending Schedules After setting a cleaning time, you need to send the schedule to Roomba and the scheduling Virtual Walls. MrRemotecontrols offers remote controls TV DVD VCR AUDIO remote controls at discount pricing. I used to use a swiffer sweeper vac for touch ups but they never last and the microfiber type cloth dusters are ok but not really practical in the kitchen. Service manual for IRobot roomba 500 series repairHome Robotic Vacuum cleaners & Floor Mopping Robots from iRobot India. Read and download iRobot Vacuum Cleaners Roomba 770 User's Manual | Page 2 online. 9xx is 900 series parts; 8xx is 800 series parts ; 7xx is 700 series parts Find Irobot Roomba in Vacuums | Buy or sell vacuums in Alberta – get a Dyson, Roomba, Bissell, shop vac, Dirt Devil, Miele, and more locally on Kijiji, Canada's #1 Classifieds. 1#Ni-MH 4800mAh 14. If you have any questions about your Robot Vacuum Cleaner that are not answered in the manual, please share your question in the troubleshooting section on the buttom of this page. It provides tutorials on how to get your roomba to do what you want it to do. All Roomba's vacuums are covered by Australian warranty All Roomba's vacuums are covered by Australian warranty Roomba 980Robotic vacuums like the Roomba have saved plenty of people from pushing or pulling a bulky unit around their homes, but the little buggers still required manual emptying – a regular occurrence The iRobot Roomba is the best-recognized brand of robot vacuum, known for its high-quality reputation. Loading Unsubscribe from Witt A/S? Cancel Unsubscribe. The Manual Who We Are About Us The 10 best iPhone 6 extended battery cases to keep the power flowing These nine iRobot Roomba deals not only help you keep your home tidy, but many also Never miss a great shot again with Canon digital camera batteries from Battery Mart. anyway to attach those pads on a drill so its faster and less manual work? Vizio SB3651-E6 36" 5. Self-repair will VOID your warranty 2. Roomba Parts. 00. iRobot Roomba E6 E6134 Wifi Robotic Vacuum NOB (17635-1GE) Up for sale we have a new with a box iRobotic vacuum. Dear iRobot Roomba Owner, Thank you for purchasing an iRobot Roomba vacuum cleaning robot. au - Australia's Leading Comparison Shopping Site21/05/2010 · I need an online manual for a IRobot Roomba 2. Roomba Robotic Vacuums are one of the most innovative products today. Catégorie. Compared with the super-bare-bones Roomba 690 controls, the app lets you tinker with the settings on the Roomba 960 a bit more.。 Hola, ¿cómo podemos ayudarte? Vi har ett stort utbud av mobiltillbehör, datortillbehör och batterier. / 2x IRobot Roomba 980 /EVO M678 + Braava 380/ Scooba 450 Mittlerweile zeigt er U088 und E6 Hacer un reset o resetear el lavavajillas sirve para anular el programa en curso o para cancelarlo. AdShop Low Prices & Discover Bestsellers. 99Availability: Out of stockReset the Roomba battery 500 and 600 series. Avail Free Shipping Across India. • WARNING Fire or Explosion Find out more about your iRobot Roomba 600 Series robotic vacuum cleaner with our guides and manuals. Check out my eBay Store for more iRobot products for sale, thanks. After all, Xiaomi and iRAuthor: Android Headlines - Android News & Tech NewsViews: 692K5 Best Roombas - Dec. ( self. 1 (model #4110) - Vacuums question I need an online manual for a irobot Roomba 2. Basic operating instructions for Roomba 500, 600, 700, and 800 series. 99. You can choose to have the bot run one or two passes in a session, or to finish the session with a focused edge-cleaning run. 4 iRobot Roomba 500 Series Important Tips Roomba contains electronic parts. 24/09/2016 · Re: Roomba 600 series service manual September 22nd, 2016, 8:13 pm The solution to that display not being available is to use a COM cable between the Roomba SCI port and a PC running a terminal program so that you can monitor the test reports via the text output. Before attempting to do a Roomba repair, please note that: 1. It's better on hardwood, than carpet. In this work, “smart floor cleaning robot (CLEAR)” has been In 2002, iRobot launched its first ﬂoor vacuum cleaner robot named designed for consumer/office environments and its each component Roomba. 3: How to Open Up Roomba 2 This repair guide explains how to perform general disassembly on the Roomba 500 series robot vacuum. Nettoparts hjelper deg å finne din nye Husqvarna bruksanvisning Hvis du har mistet bruksanvisningen til ditt Husqvarna produkt vil du ofte kunne finne en ny på internett eller ved å kontakte produsenten. Without this I would have to use my big vacuum machine every second day to keep the house clean, with Roomba I just let the machine run everyday on harfwood floor and …10/09/2007 · IROBOT Roomba 500 Series Service Manual test repair - Free download as PDF File (. Perfect for homes with pets or without, Roomba cleans deep to pick up dirt, hair, fur, and other debris. Let these home robots help you with your daily cleaning chores. The Manual Who We Are About Us The 10 best iPhone 6 extended battery cases to keep the power flowing These nine iRobot Roomba deals not only help you keep your home tidy, but many also Reconditioning Cars Car Battery Only Charges To 75 Canon Car Charger For Battery Pack Lp E6 Reconditioning Cars Race Car Battery Disconnect The Most Expensive Car Battery Club Car Ds Battery Wiring The iPhone has finally met its match. It automatically navigates across your carpet or vinyl while avoiding hazards and keeping track of its location all the while picking up dirt, debris, and mess. com/sch This is how to do a reset with a Roomba of the 500 series. iRobot® Roomba® e6 Wi-Fi® Connected Robot Vacuum (6134 www. 1 – 1 for details. 60 readers. Codes pannes lave-linge. The steps that involve record keeping will enable iRobot to better track and support product improvements. Roomba ® vacuuming robots are powered by a full suite of smart sensors that automatically guide the robot around your home. Handla snabbt och enkelt hos 24. Repair guides and support for the autonomous Roomba vacuum cleaning robots by iRobot. iRobot requires the data to be sent to them in a standardized manner but it is upIrobot Roomba 980 Household Appliances Vacuum Cleaning Robot download pdf instruction manual and user guideiRobot Roomba - Robots and Computers - Robot Division 12 iRobot Roomba Ownerâ€™s Manual Virtual WallsÂ® The iRobot Roomba Virtual Walls create an invisible barrier that Roomba will not cross. Always follow the guidelines in your owner’s manual and on the detergent label to determine what type of detergent, and how much, to use. Buy accessories for your laptop, camcorder, lithium, cell phone, digital camera, camcorder, notebook with good deals. The robot makes 60 decisions every second, navigating under furniture and around clutter to thoroughly clean your floors. Working SubscribeSubscribed How to Set a Schedule | Roomba® 600 Series Robot Vacuums www. Lave-linge Ariston, Indésit, Scholtès. Robotic vacuums like the Roomba have saved plenty of people from pushing or pulling a bulky unit around their homes, but the little buggers still required manual emptying – a regular occurrence Read and download iRobot Vacuum Cleaners Roomba 770 User's Manual | Page 6 online. The Roomba® 980 robot vacuum gives you cleaner floors, throughout your entire home, all at the push of a button. Page 1. ebay. Roomba 630 650 670 Parts Free shipping on parts orders over $99. CNET videos include HD streaming and downloadable content, the latest tech news, video reviews, CNET shows and more. And with the iRobot HOME App, you can start and schedule Roomba 980 from anywhere. com. Getting Started with Roomba chapter i Robot has produced a dizzying variety of Roomba vacuuming robots since the original Roomba model was introduced in 2002. 4 Press to navigate to the hour field. Buy today for $39. Reviewed. If you have any questions, visit our website at www. Of course I can't really compare it to the roomba as this is my first, but I'm happy enough. The Roomba is a helpful and convenient device to have in my home with multiple pets. • If you live in an area prone to electrical Find out more about your iRobot Roomba 600 Series robotic vacuum cleaner with our guides and manuals. I recommend a roomba if you have lots of carpet. Roomba® 980 robot vacuum seamlessly navigates an entire level of your home. Roomba troubleshooting, repair, and service manuals. Australia Robotic is a authorized iRobot Roomba dealer for Australia. Download the complete Roomba 700 Series Owner's Manual for instructions on operating, troubleshooting and maintaining your robot. The Motorola Droid certainly won't kill iPhone sales, but it does everything the iPhone does and more. Easily share your publications and get them in front of Issuu’s Shop for Roomba Vacuum deals in Australia. Answers others found helpful. Visit Australia's largest range of Robot Vacuum Cleaners and accessories.“ mimovrste=) nakupujmo z nasmehom. It fits easily into Roomba cleanermaking it the perfect charger as compact as original NIMH battery. Shop with confidence. For expedited Roomba® 900 Series Owner's Guide. The Neato lidar is a decade or more old, and the camera tech greatly advanced over this time to become practical -- and avoid the mechanical wear inherent in the spinning lidar. See and discover other items: household cleaning robot, manual vacuum, cleaning robots, stair vacuum, stair vacuums, bissell cordless vacuum There's a problem loading this menu right now. 99 + Free Search the world's information, including webpages, images, videos and more. 5Wh, 10 Years of Shelf Life for Arlo Cameras, Polaroid, Flashlight, Microphones and More RAVPower 5000mah Rechargeable Replacement Battery Pack for iRobot Roomba Cleaners Brand New Irobot E6 6134 Roomba vacuum Calgary 15/11/2018 Brand New in box Irobot E6 6134 Roomba vacuum call 4032720238 and leave msg i will return call asap thank you Shop Best Buy for electronics, computers, appliances, cell phones, video games & more new tech. com Roomba Open Interface Command Reference The following is a list of all of Roomba’s Open Interface commands. However, the Bissell seems smarter and gets stuck much less than the Roomba. $75. Please take a few moments to read this manual and get acquainted with your Roomba, to get the best performance from your robot. Find helpful customer reviews and review ratings for Bissell SmartClean 1605 Vacuum Cleaning Robot at Amazon. Stay ahead of daily dust and dirt, helping you keep up with everyday mess. Knowing that Neato is the the second best cleaning robots maker, we expect the Botvac D7 to be the best robotic vacuum cleaner for 2018. Messer demonteren und waschen. At RobotShop, you will find everything about robotics. Explore the FAQs & study new features here. 95 and save ($39. BATTERIER - Gratis levering af batterier i DK Se vores store udvalg af batterier og tilbehør som vi leverer fragtfrit i hele DK, vi sælger alle de anerkendte batteri mærker som Duracell, Varta, Maxell, Energizer, Uniross og Camelion. 16 iRobot Roomba Owner’s Manual Setting Schedules To schedule iRobot Roomba to clean: 1 Open the Scheduler Remote Control’s front cover to enter Scheduler mode. - Goose Down Pillow - 1200 Thread Count Egyptian Cotton, Soft, Standard Size, Set of 2 - Hypoallergenic Pillows Enjoy the videos and music you love, upload original content, and share it all with friends, family, and the world on YouTube. Press Power. The premium 3-Stage Cleaning System and Dual Rubber Brushes provide powerful cleaning, guided by smart mapping technology Search through 700. 29/12/2016 · When you're looking to spend your hard earned money on a robot vacuum, it's wise to know whether or not that purchase is worthwhile. The biggest difference in between two is that a manual requires which create the suction by squeezing many times while an electric utilizes a motor to perform the work to be able to. Velkommen til BatteriZonen. Aandn Pav400-lf-e-m 4 Manual Vacuum Valve . The Virtual Walls can be set The Virtual Walls can be set to block an area ranging from three to eight feet long. All manuals on ManualsCat. 4V 80501 Battery For iRobot Roomba 500 550 560 570 610 650 780 Why is there a need? Lithium technology has been increasingly popular in the rechargeable battery market. iRobot Roomba Discovery 4210 Model This is for the eBay listing. • Always charge and remove the Buy iRobot® Roomba® e6 Wi-Fi® Connected Robot Vacuum (6134) at The main page shows the status of the robot, how full the battery is and has a giant The Roomba® robot vacuums are your partners to stay ahead of dust, dirt and debris to keep floors looking like new everyday. roomba available for buying now online. Easy to follow instructional videos to help you maintain your Roomba. 6 Press to navigate to the www. Issuu is a digital publishing platform that makes it simple to publish magazines, catalogs, newspapers, books, and more online. Witt A/S. The robot utilizes AeroVac Technology, maximizing air flow through its cleaning head to pull hair and debris off the brushes and into the bin evenly. Repairing Roomba Battery Pack Canon Car Charger For Battery Pack Lp E6 In Car Battery Charger Cigarette Lighter Car Battery Grounding Wire Car Battery Price For Honda Civic $17. シンプルなデザイン. iRobot Roomba 805 Robot Vacuum Removes 50% More Dirt, Debris and Hair, Lithium-Ion Battery Delivers the Longest Run Time, Automatically Returns to Home Base to Recharge In Between Cleanings This item may currently be in stock at your local Costco warehouse for immediate purchase at a cash and carry price. It's your nighttime routine: You drop your phone onto the nightstand charging pad, and it asks about your day. 2 Press New/Save to begin setting a schedule. iRobot Roomba 500 Series Roomba attempts to dock on the Home Base, if present. roomba e6 manual Learn more about Amazon Prime. Batterizonen er en Internetbaseret virksomhed med lager i Nordjylland. Price: $179. * Manual available to download online Get seriously clean floors without the effort thanks to this Roomba robot vacuum. If you have any questions, Nov 13, 2011 Quick start guide to Roomba®. IRobot Roomba 801. The iRobot® Roomba® vacuum cleaning robot removes dirt, debris and hair from all types of floors at the touch of a button. Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than Singapore dollars and are approximate conversions to Singapore dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. You can use these to manually Just by using your smartphone or tablet you can control and monitor the smart Roomba 960 from anywhere. Personally, Locate that the association for you to be start establishing some control, and throwing your hands up floating around is lame. Working. The Roomba robot vaccum is the new must have appliance of the century! The Roomba 801 Robot Vacuum loosens, lifts, and suctions dirt with up to 5x more air power. For those who only want the Best! High Efficiency Ductless Mini Split System Air Conditioner / Heat Pump Owner’s Manual Thank you for choosing this high quality Pioneer air conditioning / heat pump system for your needs. roomba e6 manualit to your local authorized iRobot Service Center for disposal. iRobot Roomba 801 Robot Vacuum Just press CLEAN or schedule Roomba to clean up to 7x per week. We answer all questions within 1 business day. The Breville The Oracle BES980 is manufactured by Breville and was added in December 2014 in the Coffee and Espresso Makers section The best price of the Breville The Oracle BES980 in Canada is $2,198. 5 pounds. Page 3. 99 TechBargains Picks for the Best Black Friday Solid State Drive Deals Home computers were a class of microcomputers that entered the market in 1977, that started with what Byte Magazine called the "trinity of 1977", (the Apple II, the TRS-80 Model I, and the Commodore PET) and which became common during the 1980s. It is MUCH harder to re-assemble a robot than to disassemble one 3. 10/09/2007 · IROBOT Roomba 500 Series Service Manual test repair - Free download as PDF File (. Personally, I do believe that the association needs to start establishing some control, and throwing your hands up in mid-air is boring. com ロボット掃除機 ルンバ® 600 シリーズ 取扱説明書 3 jp 高いところや不安定なところで使わない 落下による、けがや故障の原因になります。 This is the hacking roomba book. In-store pickup & free 2-day shipping on thousands of items. Find great deals on eBay for roomba 780. iRobot. But we cannot guarantee our negotiated rock bottom prices on Canon Universal Digital Camera & Camcorder Replacement Charger will remain this low after November 15, 2018. com for review only, if you need complete ebook Nikon 8800 Manual please fill out registration form to 27 A 12 V Battery Current Rating 6 Volt Rv Battery Wiring Diagram Walmart Fisher Price 12 Volt Battery 6 Volt Lead Acid Lantern Battery 12 Volt Nicad Battery Pack The Nokia 5800 Xpress music phone is very simple to use with the touch screen feature the keyboard. Roomba enters Max mode and cleans as long as the battery allows. Our goal is to provide you with a quick access to the content of the user manual for iRobot Roomba Discovery 4210. To get rid of soap suds in the drum and clear the code This minimizes the intermittent and inconsistent fuel injection by human manual driving which could cause greater abrasion to the car. iRobot Owner's Guide and Quick Start CardsNew Zealand film production revenue doubled in 2016 to more than $1 billion, Stats NZ said today..
.Meet the Team: Jane
Jane hails from the state of Ohio (Go Buckeyes!) and has resided in the sunshine state for over seven years now.
We have had the pleasure of her employment for four years, with the last three of those years her being our Sales Floor Manager.
In her free time Jane coaches her daughter's volleyball team, enjoys movies, reading, her children (most days!), exercising and motivating others to be their best selves.
A natural born storyteller, Jane loves meeting and getting to know people of all walks of life.
Town Hall Theatre
A community theatre group, the Grey-Wellington Theatre Guild is an all-volunteer group based at the Harriston Town Hall Theatre. The theatre building is wheelchair accessible by elevator and boasts professional-quality lighting, sound and staging facilities. The guild has been staging both well-known favourites and innovative modern shows for more than three decades. The grey-Wellington Theatre Guild stages productions each spring and fall.
For more information on the 2015 spring and fall productions, please call Peggy at 519-338-3681.
Contact Info
- Contact Name:
- Box Office
- Phone:
- 519-338-2778
- gwtg@wightman.ca or ticketswtg@wightman.ca
- Website:
-
Address68 Elora StreetHarriston, Ontario N0G 1Z0
Get Directions
!
Part of this is cross posted from here...
I was flying on the shores of Lake Huron in Michigan today; absolutely gorgeous weather and flying conditions.
How do scenarios like this affect the barometer? Once the copter takes off, does the barometer "see" this altitude change? Would lidar be a good addition to have in order to get a true altitude reading once launching from the cliffs? Today was a practice flight for a trip this summer to PIctured Rocks on Lake Superior in da U.P. where I want to get some nice video of from above the water. I find it difficult to judge how far above the water the copter is and wonder if the barometer provides an accurate altitude so my equipment doesn't end up in the drink.
Air pressure will not be different above (at your take off point) or beyond the cliff. Thus your barometer should read the same value and should not register any altitude difference once you go over the cliff and expose your copter to 20m altitude.
Air pressure value changes from the mean sea level. Where you flew your copter was the same vertical distance from this sea level.
GPS vertical data cannot be trusted at this situation either. So the only way to register the altitude difference in your case would be using some type of distance sensor (ultrasonic, IR etc.)
Thanks, I'm looking into LidarLite.
I still don't understand how there can be such drastic altitude errors when using RTL/Land (by switch or Auto mission) in only a few minutes of flying. It happens at my home, field and yesterday at the lake and two different copters, one using Pixhawk, the other AUAV-X2.
Today I had a small crash with 3.3 RC3+: Before landing accidently I switched to drift mode. After landing I want to disam via yaw stick but the copter flipped on the ground. I think it should be possible to disarm the copter in every flight mode. I know thats stupid to land in drift mode, but when done disarming should be possible.
Cheers Gregor
I also happened with 3.3 rc1.
Looking forward to RC4 Best guess on when it will be available?
Randy is going to be trying for Sunday.
To all the developers,
will the "follow me" mode be smarter on the succeeding builds? I would love to see it perform better in follow me mode, like filming you from behind, or from your side. I think as of now, it is limited to fly above you.
just sharing my opinion. :) thanks again!
We are continuing to improve the performance of the follow me controllers. As Randy says, the rest is done from the ground station.12 Answers
What did king Ahab in the bible intend to do with Naboth’s vineyard?
Posted by: Chinasa 488 views RELIGION
1 Answers
How to find a polynomial given its zeros
Posted by: Goodluck Johnson 182 views MATHS
3 Answers
Find the gradient of the line joining the points P(5, 6) and…
Posted by: Admin 656 views MATHS
2 Answers
Which of the following gases may not be dried with concentrated sulphuric acid
Posted by: Admin 526 views CHEMISTRY
1 Answers
Determine the maximum value of y = 3x² – x³…
Posted by: Admin 163 views MATHS
1 Answers
Find the value of x in the figure above…
Posted by: Admin 122 views MATHS
1 Answers
According to the Kinetic Theory, an increase in temperature causes
Posted by: Admin 126 views CHEMISTRY
1 Answers
The type of bonding in [Cu(NH3)4] 2+ is…
Posted by: Admin 170 views CHEMISTRY
1 Answers
To what temperature must a gas at 273K be…
Posted by: Admin 401 views CHEMISTRY
2 Answers
What is the PH of 0.001 moldm-3 solution of sodium hydroxide?
Posted by: Admin 126 views CHEMISTRY
1 Answers
The Sulphide which is insoluble in dilute hydrochloric acid is…
Posted by: Admin 159 views CHEMISTRY
2 Answers
Which of the following are mixtures?
Posted by: Admin 212 views CHEMISTRYThe Ultimate Marketing Engine
5 Steps to Ridiculously Consistent Growth
John Jantsch
$9.99
- Description
- Author
- Info
- Reviews
Description
A STEP-BY-STEP SYSTEM FOR CREATING CUSTOMERS AND CLIENTS FOR LIFE. marketing strategy that will transform how readers view their business, their marketing and perhaps, even how they view every customer.
Readers will learn:
- Why strategy must come before tactics.
- How to narrow your focus and choose only ideal customers.
- Why no one wants what you sell – and what they actually want.
- How to use story and narrative as the voice of strategy.
- How to construct the perfect customer journey.
- How to grow your business with your customers.
This book will help readers take control of their marketing while creating ridiculously consistent business growth.Other Websites
Christmas in Birmingham is back with a bang! With a host of events across the region, you can truly get into the festive spirit with a mix of pantomine productions, magical markets, ice rinks, grottos, trails, displays and so much more...
Be sure to read our Eight things to do whilst at the Frankfurt Christmas Market to ensure you have a jolly good time and keep scrolling to discover what else is on this year.
#ChristmasinBham
All information correct at time of publication - Please check attraction's own websites for the latest restrictions and opening information.
What are you searching for...
Number of results: 51
, currently showing 1 to 20.
Birmingham
Colmore BID and partners present Christmas in Cathedral Square
Birmingham
Carol Concert supporting homeless charity, Crisis.
Droitwich, Droitwich
The art of Low 'n' Slow Texas style cooking with professional chef Lap-Fai is back!
Birmingham
An evening of beautiful choral music, readings, sketches, communal carols and projections.
Birmingham
Christmas Feasts are priced at £39 per person, and served for groups of four or more. So, round up a few people who deserve a damn good celebration, and book ahead for 22nd November onwards – you'll feel extremely smug when the time comes!
TAMWORTH
Unwrap a festive treat this Christmas,Discover falling snow, enchanting decorations, a dazzling 35ft symphony tree, cheeky elves frolicking around the park and over 25 child-friendly rides and attractions: including Europe's only Thomas Land and our…
Aston
Explore Aston Hall, a magnificent seventeenth century mansion situated in a picturesque public park. Discover over 400 years of history and incredible stories. See plenty of sparkling baubles and twinkling fairy lights as the Hall will be bedecked…
Tamworth
Explore the ultimate real snow family adventure this Christmas!
Jewellery Quarter
Meet Perry the Birmingham 2022 mascot, enjoy food from Hockley Social Club, and watch a spectacular fireworks display at the Jewellery Quarter's Christmas Lights Switch On event. Friday 19th November 2021, 5-7pm.
Birmingham
Experience DJ's, live bands, buskers to film screenings.
Kingsheath, Birmingham
With a new album out in time for their Christmas tour, the wickedly inventive and beloved folk duo are celebrating over 25 years together
Birmingham
The stunning Walking with The Snowman sculpture trail is being held in Birmingham for the first time until 6 January, 2022.
Birmingham
This enchanting Christmas movie will be paused at appropriate moments to pour you a glass of festive cheer as the the Wine Events Company share with you their five perfect wines for Christmas, and some fun movie trivia.
Birmingham, Birmingham
Spend this cosy winter evening painting this winter scene - no previous experience needed (just a glass of wine!)
Birmingham
This movie will be paused at appropriate moments to serve you your themed wine whilst our resident wine geeks share some fun movie trivia in this safe, fun and interactive 'wines and movie' event in our multi-award-winning venue with one of…
Birmingham
Family friendly fun at Birmingham's biggest ice rink
Stoke on Trent
Alton Towers Resort Christmas Market
Birmingham
Orchestra of the Swan are joined by vocal quintet Papagena, to perform a concert of festive tales and music.
Edgbaston, BIRMINGHAM
Festive Afternoon Tea from the 2 December 2020 – 6 January 2021 Afternoon Tea is available daily (excluding Christmas Day and Boxing Day).
Stoke on Trent
Festive Day Out at Alton Towers ResortDescription
I am a License Administrator for my company and want to reset one of my user's passwords.
Solution
Follow the below steps to set a user's password in Connect:
- First, request a password reset email through Connect using the "Forgot Password?" tool on the main Connect login page.
- Next, log into Connect using your own login credentials.
- Once logged in, you should see the Communications tab. Click this and search for the user's email address.
- You should see the password reset email which the user has been sent. If you view the email, you can use the link provided in the email to reset the user's password.
Please sign in to leave a comment.When it comes to protecting your family, finding the right strategies to prepare for the unexpected is an important step. Life insurance is a big part of creating a strong financial future. But from deciding which type of policy fits your needs to how much coverage to buy, purchasing life insurance can feel overwhelming. Additionally, the many myths out there can add confusion to the process and ultimately, prevent people from getting the coverage needed to protect their families’ financial futures. It’s important to recognize the myths and know the truth before making a decision to purchase or not purchase coverage.
Check out these ten common life insurance myths and the truth behind them.
Myth No. 1: Life Insurance is Too Expensive
BUSTED: According to the 2021 Insurance Barometer Study by LIMRA and Life Happens, more than half of Americans overestimate the price of life insurance by as much as three times the actual cost, and 44% of millennials overestimate the cost by six times.
The truth is life insurance is typically less expensive when purchased when you’re young and healthy. Term Life insurance is generally an inexpensive option. You may be able to lock in the coverage you need for as little as a dollar a day.
Myth No. 2: Only Families with Young Children Need It
BUSTED: Life insurance can be the foundation of financial security for your family or business – at any stage of life. Proceeds from a life insurance policy can help cover outstanding debt, like a mortgage and credit cards, or fund financial objectives, including retirement or college savings.
Did you know there are options for how a policy pays out the death benefit? Our Income Guard Term Life coverage provides set monthly benefit payments to help your loved ones stay on their feet and continue to cover regular expenses.
Myth No. 3: Children Don’t Need Life Insurance
BUSTED: With bright futures ahead, you want to be sure your children are prepared to create a strong foundation for the future. Buying life insurance for children now, while they’re young and healthy has several benefits. First, it can help guarantee their insurability to ensure they will have coverage as an adult, even if they become uninsurable. Second, it can help save on premiums. Third, certain policies like a permanent life policy, builds a cash value that can be used later to help pay for college tuition, a down payment on a house, etc.. Purchasing coverage while you’re young, can help you gain guaranteed insurability for when you’re older.
Myth No. 5: The Life Insurance I Purchase at Work Is Enough
BUSTED: Any type or amount of coverage is a great start. Especially, if your employer provides it at no cost or a low cost. However, it likely isn’t enough coverage. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the median life insurance coverage provided by an employer is either a flat $20,000 or one year’s salary. Would that be enough for your loved ones not to struggle financially? For many the answer is no. The Barometer Study found 42% of families would experience financial hardship within 6 months of a wage earner’s passing.
Nearly 4 in 10 insured consumers wish they had purchased their policies at a younger age. Having an individual policy in addition to your work provided coverage, also guarantees you’ll continue to have life insurance coverage even if you change jobs. Employer provided policies may not be portable.
Myth No. 6: Term Insurance Can’t Be Converted to Permanent Coverage. 7: Stay-at-home Parents Don’t Need Insurance
BUSTED: It’s easy to think that life insurance coverage is only needed if your family depends on your income, but that idea puts many families’ financial stability at risk. If you’re a stay-at-home parent or you care for an aging family member, it would take a considerable amount each month to replace the support you provide. A life insurance policy like Income Guard Term Life can help ensure your loved ones would have monthly income to pay for the care you provide.
Myth No. 8: Life Insurance is Only Used for the Death Benefit
BUSTED: It’s common to think of a life insurance policy as only paying out a death benefit but some policies offer ways you can use your coverage while you’re still living:
- The cash value from a permanent life insurance policy can provide supplemental income for retirement.
- By adding the Daily Living Rider to your term or permanent policy, you can access part of your policy’s death benefit should you become chronically ill.
Myth No. 9: It’s Too Difficult to Buy Life Insurance
BUSTED: The Barometer Study found nearly half of consumers said they were more likely to purchase life insurance with simplified underwriting, and more than half said the possibility of not seeing a doctor or going through a paramedical exam was appealing.
And with accelerated underwriting if you’re 18-60 years old and applying for coverage up to $500,000, you may qualify to skip the medical exam and testing.
Myth No. 10: COVID-19 Impacts Life Insurance Death Benefits
BUSTED: False. Our life insurance policies do not contain a pandemic or vaccine exclusion. As long as your life insurance policy is active and in good standing, a COVID-19 related cause of death would not prevent your beneficiary(ies) from receiving your policy’s death benefits.
Are You Protected?
Don’t let these myths keep you from not having the coverage you need to protect yourself and your loved ones. Working with a Farm Bureau agent to find a policy that fits your needs and goals makes the process easy. Contact your local Farm Bureau agent today to help create a solid financial foundation.What entices you to play a slot game? If amazing graphics, features, progressive jackpots, great rewards, and bonuses are part of the list, you won’t be disappointed by Fireball. Invented by Bally Technologies who hardly ever let down gambling lovers, this title is one of the best options. It is a well rewarding slot that appeals to both the beginner and experienced casino gamer. One can opt to play online from any preferred device either mobile, tablet, laptop or PC with no download required. Here are a few guidelines you need to go through before trying your luck.
How to Play Fireball Online slot
You can play for fun or for real money on both land casino slots or online. The slot machine has five reels and forty ways of winning. The highest bet amount is 2000 credits per payline and the highest jackpot available is 10,000 credits.
It is also paired with great graphics and sound effects to keep the players entertained. The main symbols of the pokie are the number 7, frenzies, bar, dollar signs and cherries. To play one just needs to set the bet amount and click the tab spin in order for the reels to start moving.
Fireball slot machine Features
There are so many features that will make your gameplay worth it. Here’s the full list:
Bonus Rounds
The Fireball online slot is the bonus feature that will give the player a total of 8 free mini games that you can play to win. It is simply the best way to get more credits. The feature is triggered when three or more fireballs appear on any reel so cross your fingers and hope for the best. All the games have different payments compared to the normal game, a new paytable will appear to guide you through your possible wins.
Wild Icon
The wild icon is represented by the game’s logo symbol. This logo will replace any symbol on your reels if it appears on the second, third or fourth reel making sure you win.
Game Center
This center is the coolest feature incorporated by Bally Technologies. It enables the player to track all the past achievements and keeps the records for future use. You can also view your position among other players within the arena from the leaderboard. Special features and icons can also be accessed from this gaming centre. Players are also able to interact from any part of the world from this center.
Bally’s Game Locator
In addition to all the above-listed features, Bally Technologies created an additional feature which enables you to point out land-based casinos from within your location. So, if you are tired of playing online, this feature will come in handy.
Playing to Win
All slot games are different despite being created by similar developers. For instance, Fireball slot is not similar to any other game by Bally Technologies. Despite the differences, the rules of winning remain the same. The more you bet, the higher the rate of return. Learn the game first before you start betting with real money. Also, to be safe choose slot games that have a high RTP, luckily this will not be an issue as the percentage is 96%.
It is available in the UK and several other countries in the world. From its inception in 2012, the game has become popular among gamers who have recorded a 75% return player rate. The reviews from the iOS application available for download are at 4.5, confirming not only is the game popular it is highly entertaining. Play free Fireball casino slot machine, and you might be among the one to go home with galactic riches.Overcoming by Natasha Ickes Saman
A Journey From Pain to Peace, Purpose and Power
Overcoming is an inspiration to all women who struggle with depression, stagnation and unfulfilment to seek out the peace, power and joy in their own lives.
A personal message from the author:
I wrote this book to share my story with others, with the dual purpose of healing my own wounds and sharing the jewels that saved my life. I am open, honest and raw with it all. Depression, addiction, abandonment and a suicide attempt that landed me in a mental institution. But this isn't a sad story or one that requires pity. At all times I take responsibility, give thanks to God and in turn transform my life. I want to help women get out of their own way. If I was able to overcome my past anyone can. If I could run a 6 figure business for over a decade so can you. I pray my story will show that anyone can overcome their circumstances and create the life of their dreams.
— Natasha Ickes Saman
She was a little girl who loved ice skating, reading and music. Yet from a young age Natasha felt different. She struggled with depression, feelings of abandonment and low self esteem. At 9 she stood with a knife pressed to her wrist, contemplating taking her own life. By 17 she was a pregnant high school dropout.
The next several years were filled with drugs and homelessness on the violent streets of Oakland. She survived through God, her intuition and a profound desire to change. One day she discovered a secret that would change her life forever. This poignant memoir follows Natasha’s journey from a depressed child, to a suicidal teen, to a successful business woman. It is a story of survival and beating the odds. It is how one woman overcame chronic depression, addiction and the battles of her own mind. It is a story of love and pain, tragedy and triumph, failures and wins.
Overcoming is for anyone who never felt like enough. It is a powerful story for those ready to get out of their own way and create the life of their dreams.AmazonSick of being asked for your password? Set up SSH authorised keys and forget about it!
you@localmachine:~> ssh-keygen -t rsa Generating public/private rsa key pair. Enter file in which to save the key (/home/a/.ssh/id_rsa): Created directory '/home/you/.ssh'. Enter passphrase (empty for no passphrase): Enter same passphrase again: Your identification has been saved in /home/you/.ssh/id_rsa. Your public key has been saved in /home/you/.ssh/id_rsa.pub. The key fingerprint is: 3e:4f:05:79:3a:9f:96:7c:3b:ad:e9:58:37:bc:37:e4 you@localmachine you@localmachine:~> chmod -R go-rwx ~/.ssh
Now copy the contents of /home/you/.ssh/id_rsa.pub, and SSH in for the last time with your password to your remote machine:
you@localmachine:~> ssh user@remote.com Password: Last login: Tue Jan 28 14:14:51 2014 from 83.86.250.39 CentOS release 6.3 (Final) user@remote.com:~> cd .ssh user@remote.com:.ssh> nano authorized_keys
Paste in the contents you copied from your public key file. Make sure it is all on ONE LINE. Save and exit.
user@remote.com:.ssh> cd .. user@remote.com:~> chmod -R go-rwx ~/.ssh user@remote.com:.ssh> exit you@localmachine:.ssh> ssh user@remote.com Last login: Tue Jan 28 15:28:51 2014 from 83.86.250.39 CentOS release 6.3 (Final)
Awesome!Description
A***o –
Super
Y***g –
The product is very good, resistant to high temperatures and fire.
S***a –
Fits easily and can be cut to adjust it to its gas cooker. Looks like A good manufactory. Just be careful that it does not touch the fire directly
G***i –
satisfied
T***n –
I am very satisfied
O***n –
Good Goods. ordered a second time.
B***n –
Excellent
C***z –
All according to description, fast shippingIt’s great fun to take a shot and watch the photo in a few days! Instant Photography deliver you the best candid or posed photographs in a couple of days or even hours. You should not wait for long to get your photo even in this digital camera age. Having the instant photography means you are getting something unique. There can be no substitute for such a tangible and beauty output quickly! Our Singapore instant photography offer improved picture quality to preserve your memories in a candid form. Instant Photography has been gaining popularity quite fast recently, and it takes a long time to master it. However, we capture special moments and modify it with our latest image editing tools to derive compelling images and deliver them to you in no time.
Appealing pictures is an ultimate goal of photography art, and pitching the right contrast and innovation is the quality of our professional photographers. We let you explore the magic instant photography to revive camera click art and give them a contemporary touch! We love taking pictures and believe that a photograph can forever preserve every moment in an ever-changing reality. The photo of your exiting candid or posed movements has made a memorable part of your lives and became an artifact of time. Our instant Photography in Singapore captures the memory and unique moment of a time that will never be repeated. We provide you a unique and beautiful thing that cherished forever, no matter your ROM wedding, product launch, company dinner, birthday party, etc.
We assist people who loves to capture and share creative images on different platforms but lacks time or patience. Digitalization provide excellent exposure and allows us to stay a step ahead in the instant photography world. Gone are when you have to visit a photo Lab to get a perfect image collection done. Unlike your phone or a digital camera, our instant Photography can take the photos and give a retouch to it and deliver it to you within five working days. Also, we can share a few images right in front of you. Not only do we shoot some beautiful photos, but we appreciate using advanced technology to share your pictures in its innovative form. Do you love to capture some instant photos in some of the best places or for some particular occasion or sports event or Exhibition, or Product Launch or corporate events in Singapore? Our Singapore instant photography captures the moments that you need to hold some pictures to feel them real in your memories.
Protruding the real essence of scenic beauty involves many vibrant shades, contrasting touch, and balancing the shadow effects. All such things might not be possible with basic Smartphone features. We provide some excellent solutions, and sometimes the only way to share the image through instant Photography. We capture the photos of clients with professional-grade cameras and edit them immediately. Adjusting color contrasts, and giving a perfect vicinity to every capture is a matter of a few minutes with our cool photo editing technology. Our digital technology enhances and optimize the photo quality multiple times. We give the right touch and unique shape to any image with less effort. Our instant photography style may be slightly different from yours but bring smiles on the people’s faces when we deliver the photo to them.
Recent CommentsHome › Forums › Ask Eastwood › Aluminum Head Port and Polish
#32676
Old Rover
I am working on a set of aluminum heads and am looking for some advice regarding two specific issues.
1) The valve guides are in good shape and I have no desire to heat and press out and back in just for a light port and polish. But the clearance is less than a quarter inch between guide body and valve bowl. Is there any way to get in that area without removing guide? Tool and/or technique suggestions?
2) I have some “pitting” on the quench area. I assume due to heat (looks like there was debri rattling around in the combustion chambers). Normally I would have the heads decked, but this is cost prohibitive not to mention I cannot locate any competent shops that deal with aluminum blocks and heads. I can smooth out the damage with a scuff pad on a grinder, but do not want to totally smooth out and lower the compression ratio. Will leaving the quench area not perfectly flat and smooth lead to issues (and possibly more erosion)?
Sign up now to receive exclusive email deals, industry news, and new product releases.*31 Jul Monday, August 1st, 2016
Posted at 21:28h in CrossFit, WOD 0 Comments
Congrats to Norbert and Shannon for being our August Southies of the Month!
Strength:
On the minute x 6:
1 snatch grip deadlift + 1 power snatch + 1 hang squat snatch (climbing)
Rest 1 minute.
On the minute x 6:
1 snatch grip deadlift + 1 squat snatch (climbing)
Workout of the Day:
“Called in the Dark”
1000 meter run
40 pull-ups
30 power snatches (95/65)
20 calorie rowResources
CDC and Partner Resources
Support
Technical Reporting
- Landscape Reporting: National Registry of Cooperative Extension Programs & Assets (NRCEPA)
- EXCITE Events & Reporting Deadlines
- Activity 1 Reporting
- Activity 2 Reporting
- Survey Questions
- Project Roadmaps
Financial Reporting
- Quarterly Report Sample
- Completed quarterly reports should be certified and sent to:
- 1862 Institutions- Peter Aamodt
peteraamodt@extension.
org
- 1890 Institutions- Antonio McLaren
amclaren@
1890foundation.org
- 1994 Institutions-Kathy DePalma kdepalma@aihec.org
Connect Extension
Newsletter Archive
Events
Activity 1 & 2 Spotlight
First Thursday of every month from 3 PM - 4:30 PM Eastern Time
Activity 2 Insights
Third Thursday of every month from 3 PM - 5 PM Eastern Time
Activity 2 Strategy Sessions
Every six months from 11:30 AM - 3:30 PM Eastern Time on:
- October 29, 2021
- April 29, 2022
- November 4, 2022
- April 28, 2023
Would you like to receive email communications related to this project? Subscribe to our mailing list below.
View an Interactive Map of Cooperative Extension Immunization Education Programs & State Immunization Education Contacts
Immunization Education programs that have been entered into the National Registry of Cooperative Extension & Assets (NRCEPA) are displayed on this map in addition to a listing of state contacts for immunization education programs.
CDC and Partner Resources
New and Updated COVID-19 Vaccine Guidance
- CDC Director Statement on Pfizer’s Use of COVID-19 Vaccine in Adolescents Age 12 and Older | CDC Online Newsroom | CDC
- Interim Public Health Recommendations for Fully Vaccinated People | CDC
- COVID-19 Vaccines for Children and Teens | CDC
- Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen COVID-19 Vaccine Overview and Safety | CDC
- Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine Overview and Safety | CDC
- Pediatric Healthcare Professionals COVID-19 Vaccination Toolkit | CDC
- When You’ve Been Fully Vaccinated | CDC
- Choosing Safer Activities
- Myths and Facts about COVID-19 Vaccines | CDC
12 COVID-19 Vaccination Strategies for Your Community | CDC
- COVID-19 Children's Eagle Book Coloring Storybook
Who is Eligible to Receive the Booster Dose of the COVID-19 Vaccine webpage in Spanish | CDC
- How to Pay for Vaccines | HHS
- How to Pay for Adult Vaccines | CDC
- Vaccine Price List | CDC
- COVID-19 Vaccines for Children and Teens | CDC
COVID-19 Vaccine Confidence
- COVID-19 Community Corps | WECANDOTHIS.HHS.GOV
- Vaccinate with Confidence: COVID-19 Vaccines Strategy | CDC
- Building Confidence in COVID-19 Vaccines | CDC
Communication Toolkits, Social Media, & Other Resources
- COVID-19 Vaccination | CDC (For healthcare workers)
- Health Equity | COVID-19 | CDC
- Print Resources | CDC (This site has all CDC COVID-19 print-only materials)
- Easy to Read COVID-19 Messaging (Primarily for people with intellectual and developmental disabilities)
- Social Media Toolkit for COVID-19 Vaccinations
- Communication Resources for COVID-19 Vaccines | CDC
-
Hispanic Community Toolkit
It’s Up To You Campaign Website
HHS Toolkits for Indigenous Communities
CDC resources for Tribal Communities / (Español)
- Pediatric COVID-19 Booster Dose Update Powerpoint
- COVID-19 Pediatric Key Messages and FAQ
- CDC maintains an active social media presence. You can find and share the latest social messages by visiting:
- [Domestic]: CDC - Home | Facebook
- [Domestic]: CDC (@CDCgov) / Twitter
- [Domestic]: CDC - Instagram
- [Global]: CDC Global - Home | Facebook
- [Global]: CDC Global Health (@CDCGlobal) / Twitter
- [Global]: CDC Global – Instagram
Influenza Resources
- COVID-19 & Influenza Vaccine Updates Sideshow | CDC
2021-2022 Influenza Vaccination Recommendations and Guidance on Coadministration with COVID-19 Vaccines Webinar | CDC
Prevention and Control of Seasonal Influenza with Vaccines: Recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices | CDC
2021-2022 Influenza Vaccination Recommendations and Guidance on Coadministration with COVID-19 Vaccines Powerpoint Slides | CDC
Early Treatment with Flu Antiviral for Children | CDC
Digital Media Toolkit: 2021-22 Flu Season | CDC
- "I Get It" Social Media Campaign | CDC
Frequently Asked Influenza Questions | CDC
- Influenza Vaccine Fact Sheet | CDC
- Influenza Resources (Spanish) | CDC
- Influenza Social Media Toolkit (Spanish) | CDC
Multi-Language Seasonal Flu Factsheets | CDC
COVID-19 Case/Vaccination Data & Maps
- COVID-19 Data Tracker and rural classification (go to “Your Community” then “County View”)
COVID-19 Publications
- Disparities in COVID-19 Vaccination Coverage Between Urban and Rural Counties — United States, December 14, 2020–April 10, 2021 | MMWR (cdc.gov)
- The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices’ Interim Recommendation for Use of Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine in Adolescents Aged 12–15 Years — United States, May 2021 | MMWR (cdc.gov)
- (cdc.gov)
- COVID-19 Outbreak Among Farmworkers — Okanogan County, Washington, May–August 2020 | MMWR (April 2021)
- COVID-19 Among Workers in the Seafood Processing Industry: Implications for Prevention Measures — Alaska, March–October 2020 | MMWR (cdc.gov)
- Postvaccination SARS-CoV-2 Infections Among Skilled Nursing Facility Residents and Staff Members — Chicago, Illinois, December 2020–March 2021 | MMWR (cdc.gov)
News Articles
Origin of Project
Cooperative Extension is entering a new partnership with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention initiated by the ECOP Health Innovation Task Force.
The response to CDC’s interest was developed by a team including Michelle Rodgers, Roger Rennekamp, Ali Mitchell, Caroline Crocoll Henney and Chris Geith. The Extension network as a trusted leader in communities across the nation is a key factor in the selection of Extension as a CDC partner.
Funding
The project maximizes funding to institutions (an estimated 85% of the funds go directly to Institutions through Activity 1 funding, Activity 2 funding and planned buyouts for project staff). NIFA sets the IDC allowed based on the source of funding and their interagency agreement with CDC.
Goals
The long term goal of this partnership is to strengthen Immunization Education with a special focus on adult vaccination hesitancy around both COVID and other adult immunizations. The immediate goal of this first funded project is to promote the uptake of COVID-19 vaccinations through relevant messaging and innovative models for community action. We will also be looking to other CDC-funded organizations as potential collaborators.
Target Audience
The priority audience is rural and other hard-to reach audiences including Black, Indigenous People of Color (BIPOC) and LatinX audiences, medically underserved audiences, including urban. Each state can identify more specific audiences based on the need/opportunity in their state.
Project Activities
Activity One
- System-wide engagement with the CDC’s Vaccinate with Confidence communication campaign through adaptation of CDC materials to our audiences. We will receive some training from the CDC Vaccinate with Confidence staff. Stay tuned for further details on that training which will help provide some additional background and thought leadership to consider as you discuss your institutional plans. We also will ask you to build some message testing through focus groups or some form of stakeholder feedback with your intended audience prior to launching your communication plan to help assure a match of content and audience.
- Available to all LGUs’ (1862, 1890, 1994) by completing a simple online application expected to be available in March with funding expected in April. Each 1862 is eligible to receive $24,178 and each 1890 and 1994 is eligible to receive $26,794. Institutional IDC is allowed on these funds. Further details are in the application.
Activity Two
- Competitively selected pilot projects (planning for 20 at up to 200K each). Participation in Activity 1 and participation in the online Impact Collaborative for Immunization April 21-23, through which teams made up of Extension professionals and health partners engage in an innovation process to produce a brief proposal for immunization education pilots, is encouraged.
- A review committee and a rubric made available beforehand will be used to select diverse pilots. Multi-institute and multi-state pilots are welcome. IDC is allowed. Details in the application. More information will follow regarding criteria and expectations for pilot projects.
Extension Foundation Role
The Extension Foundation serves the Cooperative Extension System by catalyzing the work of Cooperative Extension professionals to help make a greater local impact in the communities they serve.
On behalf of the Cooperative Extension System, the Extension Foundation serves as Principal Investigator; provides grants administration; fiscal, operational, and technological services; system-wide communication; innovation processes; wrap-around services for projects; data collection and dashboards; and partnership development.
Leadership
- Dawn Burton
1890 EXCITE Engagement Coordinator
Prairie View A&M University
deburton@extension.org
- Laura Downey
Evaluation Lead - EXCITE
Associate Extension Professor & Evaluation Specialist
Mississippi State University
lauradowney@extension.org
- Molly Immendorf
Design Strategist
Extension Foundation
mollyimmendorf@extension.org
- Michelle RodgersAssociate Dean and DirectorUniversity of DelawareEXCITE Project Director
michellerodgers@extension.org
- Kathryn "Katie" Stofer, PhD
Assistant Project Director, EXCITE
Research Associate Professor and Extension Specialist, University of Florida
katiestofer@extension.org
- Beverly Coberly
Operations Manager
Buyout from Extension Foundation
beverlycoberly@extension.org
- Maggie Grandon
1994 EXCITE Engagement Coordinator
American Indian Higher Education Consortium (AIHEC)
mgrandon@extension.org
- Linda Kirk-Fox
EXCITE Catalyst
lindafox@extension.org
About the Extension Committee on Organziation and Policy (ECOP)
The.
About the Extension Foundation
The Extension Foundation is a 501(c)(3) non-profit designed to be the engine fueling U.S. Cooperative Extension’s advancement in making a more visible and measurable impact in support of education outreach from land-grant universities/colleges located in every state and territory. Extension Foundation is embedded in the U.S. Cooperative Extension System and serves on the Extension Committee on Organization and Policy (ECOP). The Foundation provides an array of opportunities for Extension professionals that foster innovation creation, the adoption of innovations at member institutions, and increased impact of Extension programs.Hi,
I'm tring to upload the attachement file from "list A" in a document library on the same site via the workflow action "O365 Upload file".
The attachement field in "A" is set, that it accepts onliy one attachment file per item.
My question: In the workflow action "O365 Upload File" how could we get the url of the attachment-File. Maybe an XML-Request? could you please help me to build the request.
Thanks in advance for your help.
Hello @prfeeu, follow the below steps:
Find attached Action 7.png and a workflow template for the upload attachment
Hello @prfeeu, follow the below steps:At the beginning of the 17th century the Richardsons were an influential family of Edinburgh burgesses, of whom
ALEXANDER RICHARDSON left his native Scotland for Ulster.
In 1617, he acquired the estate of Craigbank, County Tyrone, and built Drum Manor (or Manor Richardson as it was known).
Mr Richardson married Grizel, sister of James Stewart, of Ballymenagh, County Tyrone, and was father of
SIR WILLIAM RICHARDSON (1615-73), High Sheriff of County Tyrone, 1662, who wedded, about 1645, Mary, daughter of the Rev Archibald Erskine, of Favour Royal.
William and Mary Richardson began living at Augher Castle. Later, as Sir William Richardson, he gained notoriety as the magistrate who kept a supply of Shillelaghs for the settlements of legal disputes.
Sir William was succeeded by nephew,
WILLIAM RICHARDSON (c1690-1755), of Somerset, MP for Augher, 1730-55, who espoused Mary, daughter of Sir Francis Eyles Bt.
Mr Richardson obtained a lease from his brother Alexander of the townland of Tullyreavy, where he built his residence, Somerset.
Mr Richardson, who was appointed agent of the Irish Society of London in 1729, was a friend of Dean Swift, to whom he used to send salmon from the Somerset fishery on the River Bann.
His second son,
THE VERY REV JOHN RICHARDSON JP (1669-1747), Dean of Kilmacduagh, 1730-47, Rector of Armagh (Belturbet), County Cavan, 1709-47, was father of
THE REV JOHN RICHARDSON, Rector of Ballyscullion, 1741-61, who married Barbara, daughter of Anthony Weaver, of Morville, Shropshire.
His fourth son,
HENRY RICHARDSON (1749-86), born in Magherafelt, died at Somerset, near Coleraine, County Londonderry.
His third son,
THE REV THOMAS RUMBOLD RICHARDSON (1780-1837), of Somerset, Rector of Camus-Juxta-Bann, married his first cousin, Hatton Elizabeth, daughter of the Rev Gardiner Young, of Culdaff.
The Young of Culdaff Papers are deposited at the Public Record Office of Northern Ireland.
His only son,
HENRY EWAN RICHARDSON JP DL (1811-49), of Somerset, High Sheriff of County Londonderry, 1842, wedded, in 1839, the Lady Emily Frances Kerr, sister of Mark, 5th Earl of Antrim, and youngest daughter of Vice-Admiral Lord Mark Kerr by his wife Charlotte, Countess of Antrim, youngest daughter of Randal William McDonnell, 6th Earl of Antrim.
His only son,
THOMAS RUMBOLD RICHARDSON (1839-68), of Somerset, married, in 1863, Edith, daughter of Frederick Paul Harford, of Down Place, Windsor, Berkshire.
He died without issue, when the Somerset estate reverted to his four aunts.
BARBARA MARIA RICHARDSON (1820-1916), of Somerset, daughter of the Rev T R Richardson, married the Rev Thomas Henry Torrens (son of the Ven John Torrens).
The Rev Thomas Henry's sister, Elizabeth Grace Torrens, married, in 1858, the Rev William Chichester, afterwards 1st Baron O'Neill.Their only son,
JOHN ARTHUR WELLESLEY O'NEILL TORRENS JP DL (1856-1936), of Somerset, County Londonderry, and Cleggan Lodge, County Antrim, Vice Lord-Lieutenant of County Londonderry, High Sheriff of County Londonderry, 1898, Major, Scots Greys (2nd Dragoons).
The Richardsons had considerable influence in the county for almost three centuries. A collection of memorial tablets mounted on the nave north wall of Macosquin parish church records their existence and also their descendants, the Torrens family.
In the 17th century, those lands given to the Merchant Taylors' Company, which became the Parish of Camus and Macosquin, were in turn sold to the Richardson family, in 1727.
SOMERSET ESTATE, comprising 18,159 acres, was purchased for the sum of £7,424.
The Richardsons were, in fact, the second-largest landowners in the county. second only to the Bruce Baronets, of Downhill.
J A K Dean, in his Gate Lodges of Ulster, states that Somerset House was established in 1732 and enlarged in 1822.
This Georgian manor house was a villa deriving from those of Sir Richard Morrison.
It comprised two storeys, with a three bay, bow-ended front, and a three-sided bow in the centre, incorporating the entrance door.
Somerset was beside the River Bann, outside Coleraine.
It built for the Richardsons and passed, through marriage, to the Torrens family by the late 1800s.
Major Torrens finally sold Somerset to James Stuart, of Ballyhivistock, in 1914.
His mother also "lived in later years at Somerset, after the death of their brother Henry Ewan Richardson in 1849 and the dividing up of the property" (Amy Young).
The house was demolished in the early 1980s and the land was developed for housing and a retail park.
It is believed to have been used as the social club for the Monsanto factory for many years before becoming derelict.
The farm/stables were renovated and turned into apartments.
Apart from a few remains of the old stone walls, tenuous evidence remains of there having been a country estate on the site.
Somerset Forest now forms part of the original estate.
First published in November, 2012. Bottom four photographs of Somerset, taken in the 1980s, courtesy of Chris Clements. All other images courtesy of the Lord Rathcavan DL.
3 comments :
Can just remember going there as a child - probably early 50s, rather a sad house by then. And then Monsanto came in. Legendary 'parties' when people were said to have wheeled away as much drink as they could fit into a pram - or anything else!
Anonymous, you have a vivid imagination. The "parties" you are referring to was for the laying of the Chemstrand factory foundations by the Duke of Edinburgh who flew in by helicopter. Free Coka Cola and Guinness was distributed to the peasants. Some old biddies from the town used their prams to cart the already opened Guinness back home to their menfolk.The old house was used for a time by the fledgling Montra social club, no debauchery or similar events ever took place.
So sad the old historic house was demolished,an important piece of Coleraine vanished.
Oh, you are doubtless correct Anonymous 2! I just remember it (the drink in prams) being the talk of Dervock for a wee while, but obviously it was Chemstrand and not Monsanto. Used to visit the house in its last private incarnation, mushrooms being grown in the stable yard.Getting money to make a business idea function is one of the toughest things many entrepreneurs have to face. Even more so, in today’s time, because the right business idea is the one with the power to attract investors. With the internet being mainstream and a lot of information is available for everyone, investors are much more aware than they ever were. So do you have any ideas to get funds for your project? The need for a thousand dollars is different from borrowing a few bucks. Keep in mind, a business idea alone is not enough to compel the audience. You need to have a strong plan to attract investment for your project. Here are a few possibilities for you:
1. Family and Friends
Not to forget, investors will never take you seriously if you cannot convince them with the right words. Even if it comes to taking money from your parents and best friends, emotional blackmail won’t work at all. However, getting your closest ones on board if the easiest option is available. Especially if your loved ones know you well, it will be easier for you to convince them. Show them a part of your plan and allow them to give their suggestions.
Furthermore, if you plan to start with the partnership, it is also a good way to begin everything. Whenever you plan to start a new business, it is best to engage you, parents, in it. Especially if you believe they are the ones who will fund it; it is imperative for you to engage them in the process. However, never take your loved ones for granted because they deserve to be treated like stakeholders when they shoulder your business.
2. Venture Capitalist
In simple words, a venture capitalist is a person who will give you money that wouldn’t be acknowledged as a borrowed amount. However, the venture capitalist is like stakeholders and will have a strong say in the decision-making process of your business. They will claim some part of your equity and will have a stronghold as well. So if you can lose some part of your freedom in business, it is best to contact a venture capitalist.
In some cases, venture capitalists often restrain the company owners from selling shares to the general public. However, if a venture capitalist is your friend or someone you know well, both of you can collaborate for the betterment of the business. However, even as a friend, you won’t be able to take away the rights that a venture capitalist is entitled to. So it is best to talk things wisely instead of fighting at some point in time.
3. Bank Loan
Borrowing money from the bank stands concrete with a logical explanation, but you need to be mentally prepared for the stress it will bring along with it. The most coherent problem of borrowing money from the bank is, mainstream financial institutions don’t lend money to beginners very often. Although they have no issues with regards to lending money to well reputable businesses, they will always have their concerns with startups.
Search for consumer finance at Wingate to know how they help their clients in getting bank loans. Such companies can offer you quick solutions for all kinds of financial problems. However, sometimes you have to pay a heavy price for getting through a big problem. Banks offer themselves as the best option out there, but it is important that you weigh the pros and cons before borrowing money. When people fail to pay the bank loan on time, they often lose their assets.
4. Personal Funds
With this option, you won’t have to beg for money, nor will you have to beg your daddy for money. If you have personal savings, it is the best option for your business. This way you won’t also have to trade a part of your company. For instance, if you have plans to start your business after six months, now is the right time to start saving for it. Not to forget, borrowing money from someone won’t only be a big responsibility on your head but will always keep you stressed out.
However, if you use your savings to begin a new business, you won’t have to worry about anything at all. Even if your business plan doesn’t turn out to be a success, you won’t be answerable in front of anyone. When you’re using personal funds to start a new business, it is best to put aside some part of your savings in the emergency funds. This way, you will easily be able to declutter your mind from stress on account of finances.
5. Angel Investors
Although a lot of people consider them to be similar to venture capitalists but in reality, both of them are very different. Keep in mind; an angel investor will need a part of your equity share for their investment. This means their funding can also be transitioned into a convertible debt. Most angel investors are active entrepreneurs who are interested in investing money in new startups.
Secondly, because money is not their primary motive, they will support you for the improvement in your business. They are concerned with the growth of an industry overall and might provide you a strong amount of investment. This means, if you find a good angel investor for the business, you will easily be able to benefit from their expertise and skills. So it is important for you to take some time and choose the right person for your business.
6. Strategic Partner
If you have heard “two heads are better than one,” you must have thought of looking for another dominant person in the business. If you find a strategic partner for the business, it will help you in expanding your business easily. You will be surprised to know, around 80% of entrepreneurs think, strategic partnership is good for the growth and development of a new business. Secondly, since your partner will also invest money, the total burden of investment will easily get divided. This way, you won’t have to worry about your finances. The downside of this idea is, your profits will get divided, but whatever you receive will be according to your financial contribution to the business.Covid-19 case in US Open ‘bubble’ not a player
US Open organisers pleased with tournament's line-up despite withdrawals
A positive test for Covid-19 has been found in the New York tennis bubble where the US Open is set to take place later this month, the United States Tennis Association (USTA) announced on Tuesday.
USTA medical officer Bernard Camins revealed that the person who has contracted the virus "is not a player" and is asymptomatic.
The finding comes after 1,400 tests for the disease were conducted since Aug 13 in the "bubble" at the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in New York City, where the Cincinnati ATP event and the US Open are to be staged.
Dr Camins said the male individual initially tested negative, but then a second test two days later came up positive. He added that the person's hotel roommate has also been placed under quarantine.
"It would have been nice if he was positive the first time, but the reason we added the second test at 48 hours was to account for the time we couldn't be covering," Dr Camins said.
The US Open, which was rescheduled to start on Aug 31, has been hit hard by the Covid-19 pandemic, which has led to a host of top players pulling out of the tournament.
Among those not taking part are men's world No. 2 - and last year's champion at Flushing Meadows - Rafael Nadal and the majority of the top 10 from the WTA women's Tour.
Earlier this week, women's world No. 2 Simona Halep became the latest star to skip the Grand Slam, joining world No. 1 Ashleigh Barty and reigning US Open champion Bianca Andreescu.
Despite the withdrawals, the women's competition will see 10 former Grand Slam champions, including 23-time Major winner Serena Williams, along with 81 of the top 100.
In the men's draw, world No. 1 Novak Djokovic and other big names like third-ranked Dominic Thiem and fellow top-10 players Daniil Medvedev, Stefanos Tsitsipas and Alexander Zverev are set to feature.
HAPPY WITH PLAYING FIELD
The US Open organisers said on Tuesday that they were happy with the slate of competitors for this year's tournament.
Mike Dowse, CEO and executive director of the USTA, said the field "exceeded our expectations," given the challenges of putting on the event.
"In context of the times and how different the world is, I couldn't be happier," Dowse added.
"We respect the players' decisions at all times. It's up to each player to make that decision.
"I want to remind everyone, this was not a host at all costs. It had to adhere to our three principles. We're confident it has."
Organisers said approximately 90 per cent of players are already in town or in the tournament bubble. - AFP, REUTERS
Get The New Paper on your phone with the free TNP app. Download from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store nowThe official decision regarding Regents waivers for a group of New York City high schools has yet to be made, despite a Board of Regents meeting that many thought would include a vote on the issue.
According to a New York State Education Department spokesperson, the Regents waivers—which would exempt the schools from most of the state exams and allow them to evaluate students based on performance assessments—were not discussed at the Board’s Wednesday morning meeting. The Board is not expected to convene again until mid-September.
A few weeks ago, some school leaders were notified that their waiver requests were likely to be approved, which would have ended a years-long wait for these schools, many of which have been administering performance assessments alongside the Regents exams to prepare for future test exemption. Now it is unclear when the vote will take place.
Twenty-eight city schools currently have Regents waivers. These schools, along with the ones still waiting for test exemption but already using performance assessments, adhere to guidelines set by the New York Performance Standards Consortium. The guidelines require students to defend their work—including a literary essay, science experiment, social studies research paper, and math project—in front of an audience. All schools with waivers still must administer the English Regents exams.
Both the Department of Education and the teacher’s union have supported efforts to obtain waivers for the new handful of schools.
An official from the Performance Standards Consortium did not respond to requests for comment.Maternal Fetal Medicine Physician
- Employer
- HCA Healthcare - Central and West Texas Division
- Location
- Austin, Texas
- Posted
- Nov 19, 2021
- Closes
- Nov 19, 2022
- Ref
- 2128021
- Specialty
- Obstetrics
Austin Maternal Fetal Medicine seeks a board certified/board eligible maternal fetal medicine specialist to join a busy perinatal practice in Austin, TX.
Qualified Candidates:
- Start date: 2022
- New graduates and practicing physicians
- Call schedule of 1:8
- Outpatient consultative practice
- Significant amount of co-management for pregnancies with maternal and fetal complications
- Inpatient consultation for a busy, expanding antepartum service
- Manage multiple intrapartum conditions, including glycemic and hypertension management, as well as more complex maternal conditions, including coagulopathy and cardiopulmonary disease
- While we do not do deliveries, we have a robust obstetrical hospitalist program
Incentive/Benefits Package:
- HCA Healthcare hospital-employed position
- Competitive salary with bonus structure
- Benefits including health, life, vision, dental and disability insurance
- 401k plan with competitive employer-matched rates
- CME allowance and relocation assistance
- Occurrence based malpractice coverage, including tail
About Austin Maternal Fetal Medicine and St. David s North Austin Medical Center:
- Austin Maternal Fetal Medicine is an AIUM accredited practice with seven maternal fetal medicine specialists
- The practice performs a wide variety of services, including preconception counseling, fetal screening, chorionic villous sampling, amniocentesis, fetal echocardiography, and management and treatment of maternal and fetal complications
- NIH MFMU site
- Has state of the art GE ultrasound equipment and maintains certified ultrasonographers through the Fetal Medicine Foundation
- St. David s North Austin Medical Center is a 378-bed multi-specialty, acute care facility, dedicated to the highest level of women s health services
- 24-hour in-house neonatology coverage for the 57 neonatal intensive care bassinets
- Level III NICU
- 24-hour emergency department
- The Texas Institute for Robotic Surgery
- Kidney transplant program
- The Bariatric Center
- Heart and Vascular Center. This is a great opportunity as a stipend recipient to join one of the best HCA Healthcare Women s Centers in the country.Description
Wallpaper Simons Äng celebrates the natural meadow and is from Simon Jonegårds meadow in south Sweden. As a tribute to Simon for his passion and priceless work to maintain biological diversity, we selected nine flowers from his meadow to grace our wallpaper. Dress your wall in bitter vetch, buttercup, lady’s mantle, white clover, speedwell, wood sorrel, spleenwort, maiden pink and heath violet. Design: Karolina Kroonby liberal japonicus
Regulars probably know that I am all about the old sh*t. So here are a list of links to some things that have made my heart go pitter-pat.
This looks like a great book. I much earlier read Celtic Empire, whose title was ironic, because everyone knew the Celts didn't have an empire.
The tomb of Phillip II, father of Alexander the Great, has been confirmed.
The Guardian often has stuff of things discovered, like this and this, and there was recently a Viking hoard (as opposed to horde) discovered, but my search turned this interactive site of a British museum exhibition lets you spin them around.
The University of Leicester, which was involved in getting Richard III out from under the car park, is also working with these Iron Age artifacts.
They have been looking at the Antikythera wreck, where the Antikythera mechanism was found.
"She has confirmed that the bones belong to an enormous cow—so big indeed that it is probably off the scale for the biggest known modern cow and into the range for an aurochs."
This is considered big news, because the aurochs, a huge, prehistoric ancestor to the modern day cow, is now extinct, the last one having died in the Jaktorów Forest, Poland in 1627. But even during Neolithic times, they had already become relatively rare.
Aurochs. Any other neat old stuff?
If you like this kind of thing, you want to be reading The History Blog
which is mostly about exactly this kind of thing.
Current front-page:
"Largest Viking hoard since 1891 found in Scotland"
Posted by: joel hanes | October 16, 2014 at 12:14 PM
I love old stuff. Joel, thanks for the link, which I've book marked. Here is another that is on my Daily Read List:
Here is a Wikipedia link to a site in France that is really, really cool:
I will send you a picture of an Achulean hand ax and an Olduwan scraper that I have. I won't be able to do that until this evening or tomorrow morning.
Posted by: McKinneyTexas | October 16, 2014 at 01:38 PM
This Christmas will be the centennial of the Christmas Truce, a faint glimmer of hope at the dawn of the Hell Century (people did not, alas, take the hint).
I'm hoping the occasion will be observed at least here and there.
And not solely because it would be good for sales of my own book, "The Christmas Mutiny", which takes an alternate-history turn (hence the title):
Oh, and speaking of alternative versions of the First World War, there's this:
Posted by: John M. Burt | October 16, 2014 at 01:54 PM
archaeologica
Bookmarked, thanks.
I've always wanted to learn to flintknap (take a look at that early Bronze Age flint dagger about five days ago on The History Blog. Gorgeous) but when I started to investigate, I found that even professionals frequently cut their hands, and that beginning in the hobby presents a bloody prospect. Still might change my mind after I retire.
Posted by: joel hanes | October 16, 2014 at 02:55 PM
The Christmas truce (and WW1 in general) had one lasting (if less well-known) positive effect. It brought Christmas back to Scotland where it had been verboten for several centuries by the kirk. The Scottish soldiers returning home had enough clout to bring that to an end. Unbelievably a lot of them had never even heard of the idea of Christmas before, so successful the Puritans had been in their effort to suppress it.
Posted by: Hartmut | October 16, 2014 at 03:22 PM
I found that even professionals frequently cut their hands,
can you do it while wearing butcher's gloves?
Posted by: cleek | October 16, 2014 at 03:38 PM
"The tomb of Phillip II, father of Alexander the Great, has been confirmed. "
I'm afraid that's not the case, and I'm sorry to see this further sensationalized.
There was a major panel on the royal tomb at Vergina at the Archaeological Institute of America annual meeting a few years ago, to discuss the date of the tomb. All of the strands of evidence point to the tomb being that of Philip III, NOT Philip II. Nearly all scholars in the field consider the matter settled. I don't see anything in that report that would change that opinion.
Posted by: Scott P. | October 16, 2014 at 06:14 PM
Scott,
My understanding is that a reexamination of the bones in the tomb found that there was facial damage, which would correspond to Phillip's losing his right eye to an arrow as well as indications of chest damage, possibly related to when he was struck by a lance and his collarbone was shattered by a lance. He was buried with a mask that he had to hide the damage and the reanalysis found traces of that mask, and additionally, the woman buried in the tomb had a short left leg, so the mismatched greaves and probably the weapons were actually hers which identify her as Scythian and it is recorded that Phillip II, but not III, had a Scythian wife (though I didn't know this, I just knew about the face injury)
This 2008 pdf talks about why the previous consensus was Phillip III, but I think the forensic reexamination is new information. If you have any links that take issue with that, please feel free to share them.
Posted by: liberal japonicus | October 16, 2014 at 07:03 PM
You need to get a tumblr account, just to follow these each day:
Posted by: firefall | October 16, 2014 at 11:08 PM
I had never heard of the term "antikythera" until now. Fascinating stuff.
Any other neat old stuff?
I have started reading "The Swerve".
Posted by: bobbyp | October 17, 2014 at 02:37 PM
Surprised you didn't mention the Indonesian cave art -
- along with the rather less impressive "Neandertal abstract art" found in Gibraltar:
Posted by: Nigel | October 18, 2014 at 10:36 AM
Blogger John McKay has a serious fixation on mammoths and mastodons, and the scholarly research skills of a historian. He has deeply investigated all the known frozen corpse finds, and many of the skeletal finds, and is writing a book.
And while he does so, he blogs at Mammoth Tales.
Posted by: joel hanes | October 18, 2014 at 03:26 PM
:16 PM
Sorry wrong thread
Posted by: Marty | October 18, 2014 at 05:57 PM
Blombos cave, in far south africa, is an interesting site, because it was occupied throughout both the middle and later stone ages. Human habitation there apparently goes back 70,000 or 80,000 years, maybe to 100,000 years.
There is, apparently, evidence of art-making (and therefore symbol-making) dating back into the earlier parts of that period. Which is pretty freaking amazing.
My wife and I were just in the south of France, and I was hoping to visit Chauvet, but it doesn't open to the public until fall of 2015.
Posted by: russell | October 20, 2014 at 10:16 PM
LJ, Just got The Discovery of Middle Earth from my local library. Thanks . . . I think -- I see a lost weekend in my future.
Posted by: wj | October 21, 2014 at 10:03 PM
book reviews cleverly disguised as guest posts are always welcome!
Posted by: liberal japonicus | October 22, 2014 at 03:46 AMLubbock Christian University presents the Tenth Annual LCU & Lanier Theological Lecture: "Re-Enchanting Our Secular World: Living as Though God Really Exists" by Dr. Paul Copan.
We live in a world where science increasingly “explains” everything and where the significance of human personhood and the place of mystery are swallowed up by technology. How does the gospel help “re-enchant” our world?
Lecture is free and open to the public—Registration is appreciated.
Paul Copan (Ph.D. Philosophy, Marquette University) is Professor and Pledger Family Chair of Philosophy and Ethics at Palm Beach Atlantic University, West Palm Beach, Florida. For six years, he served as president of the Evangelical Philosophical Society. He is author and editor of nearly 40 books—both scholarly and popular-level. These include works such as True for You, But Not for Me, When God Goes to Starbucks, Introduction to Biblical Ethics: Walking in the Way of Wisdom, A Little Book for New Philosophers, The Gospel in the Marketplace of Ideas, Loving Wisdom: A Guide to Philosophy and Christian Faith, Is God a Moral Monster?, Did God Really Command Genocide? and Is God a Vindictive Bully? (forthcoming). He has also contributed essays to over 40 books, and he has authored a number of articles in professional journals. In 2017, he was a Visiting Scholar at Oxford University. Paul and his wife, Jacqueline, have six children, and they reside in West Palm Beach, Florida. His website is PaulCopan.com. bucket for excavators crusher Perfect for on-sitecrushingof inert materials and the first one of its kind to be introduced on the market, the MBCrusher Bucketis a piece of equipment that works by taking advantage of the hydraulic system of the excavatorsLearn More
Instant classics don''t just happen. We''ve spent over 20 years perfecting our original Crusher Tee, and its laid-back style has the staying power to prove it. Cotton/Spandex rib at the neck and self-fabric taping from shoulder to shoulder.Learn More
The Gerlasco Crusher Bucket is an innovative crusher that makes processing of concrete, stone and demolition waste much easier. And this especially for small volumes or when the location does not allow for a big crusher installation. The breaker works like a jaw ...Learn More
Life is Good Men''s Long Sleeve Crusher Tee - Bucket List Instant classics don''t just happen. We''ve spent over 20 years perfecting our original Crusher Tee, and its laid-back style has the staying power to prove it. Washed for everyday softness, this long sleeve
Bucket crusher of EMM Company srl - Bologna Bologna Year: 2021 Ask for price - Used equipment ready for use. - Bucket crusher in 2021. Italdem GF35 Bucket crusher of Omeco Spa - Rome Rome € 21,000 Year: 2009 Weight: 3.5 t - - for ...Learn More
Find your crusher bucket easily amongst the 3 products from the leading brands on ArchiExpo, the architecture and design specialist for your professional purchases. Your most recent searches DeleteLearn More
Crusher fits skidloadercrusher fits skidloaderBucket crushers working cook islands know more fits 45 ton excavator 950 wheel loader 1300mm wide 20mm to 120mm jaw of the excavators skid, bucket crushers working cook islandsLearn More
Here at Hardlife (UK) Ltd, we focus on developing our own range of attachments that we aim to sell direct to the end consumer, maintaining high quality and low prices. Below you will find a selection of our high quality storage tents, digging, ditching & grading, riddle / skeleton or shaker buckets, hydraulic tilt buckets, as well manual & hydraulic grapples.Learn More
The Crusher Bucket designed for excavators from 11,000 to 220,500 lb, transforms your heavy equipment into a real crusher. Find out how Certified and guaranteed output size of the Material even with worn out jaws Designed to pick up and process material …Learn More
· TBR Mini Digger Crusher BucketTo fit mini excavators ranging from 1.8ton to 3ton.Crushes rock and rubble to a more useful material between dust and 50mm.Save...Learn More
Shop Life Is Good Men''s Bucket List Short-Sleeve Crusher Tee and other Men''s Shirts products from Camping World! Instant classics don''t just happen. Life Is Good has spent over 20 years perfecting their original Crusher Tee, and its laid-back style has the staying ...Learn More
Life is Good Men''s Crusher Golf Bucket List Beach Blue XXL. 4.7 out of 5 stars. 7 ratings. Price: $6.80 - $29.16 & Free Returns on some sizes and colors. Select …Learn More
Jump on the wave and get your Miller High Life Crusher/ Bucket Hat!Made in the U.S.A. Email to friends Share on Facebook - opens in a new window or tab Share on Twitter - opens in a new window or tabLearnLearn More
BUCKET WEAR BLOCKS | MAXIMIZE THE LIFE OF YOUR DIGGER BUCKET | crusher parts | crusher castings | crusher spares | crusher wear parts | screen spares | screen parts | [email protected] .ukLearn More
Buy Life is Good. mens crusher tee Native Off Road, Jet Black: Shop top fashion brands Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry at Amazon FREE DELIVERY and Returns possible on eligible purchases Instant classics don´t just happen. We´ve spent over 20 years ...Learn More
Transparent Ice Crusher & Bucket by The Master of Life For and bar, crush all the ice you need for: cold drinks, salads, relishes, desserts and more. Item No. HBIC-ASII This manual ice crusher & bucket will help break the ice! Crushing place ...Learn More
Alibaba offers 6,424 crusher buckets products. A wide variety of crusher buckets options are available to you, Related Searches for crusher buckets: bucket hat dutch bucket ice bucket bucket pin spin mop bucket towel warmer bucket plastic bucket custom bucket hat excavator crusher bucket tractor cbd wheat grinder More...Learn More
We''ve spent over 20 years perfecting our original Crusher Tee, and its laid-back style has the staying power to prove it. Love what you do. ® locker patchImported. Instant classicsLearn More
Alibaba offers 1,605 bucket crushers products. A wide variety of bucket crushers options are available to you, Related Searches for bucket crushers: bucket hat ice bucket weaving bucket bag plastic bucket excavator bucket flat mop with bucket fur bucket hat steel sleeve excavator bucket bushing mobile crusher wheat grinder wheat mill excavator crusher bucket More..
Brand Name Life is Good Product Name The Right Thing Long Sleeve Crusher Tee Color Nomadic Orange Price. $23.01 MSRP: $34.00 RatingLearn More
· Excavator mounted bucket crusher, recycles concrete and stone. Advantages: Recycling on site using the materials you have, reduce employment cost, eliminate ...Learn MoreLearn More
For excavators and telehandlers, our Crusher Buckets reduce the size of matter for easier disposal and RECYCLING. ...Learn MoreLAS VEGAS, NV (Dec. 12, 2019)–Here’s a checklist for Las Vegas National Golf Club that will cover the wants and desires of golfers when it comes to looking for places to play in 2020. Convenient? Yep, it’s located right in the heart of Las Vegas. Challenging? You bet. Even Tiger Woods had a tough time breaking par here. Budget friendly? Absolutely. Just check out the 2020 Patrons Card and all it has to offer. –by Bill Bowman, Las Vegas Golf Insider staff.
OFFICIAL LAS VEGAS GOLF NATIONAL WEBSITE
The 2020 Patrons Card will cost players $89 between now through the end of December. Starting Jan. 1, 2020, the cost will be $109.
With that pricing comes a plethora of perks. A quick reminder that Patrons cards are available for Clark County residents only.
Every 11th round for a card holder is free meaning the more you play, the more money you save. Players get a free round on their birthday. Players also receive two other complimentary rounds for themselves (some playing date restrictions apply). Players’ guests also receive discounted rates each time they tee it up with the cardholder. It is limited to one foursome per use. Residents pay the same rate as the cardholder while out of town guests pay 20% off the current rack rate.
Patron cardholders also receive 20% off soft goods of non-sale items including shirts, apparel, hats and shoes.
Las Vegas National Golf Club is a Bert Stamps design and one of Las Vegas’ earliest courses. It opened for play in 1961 and has transformed into a lush, tree-lined golf destination. And it’s located just minutes from the Las Vegas Strip.
While it plays just 6,721 yards from the tips, it’s still one tough challenge. Just ask Tiger Woods who shot a one-under-par 70 in 1996 as he went on to win his first PGA Tour title—the Las Vegas Invitational.
The five par 3s, which range from the shortest at 179 yards to a staggering 233 yards, will challenge players’ distance control as well as accuracy.
The course also offers a variety of options to get around the course. Players can take a golf cart, walk or test out the resort’s Golfboards, a surfboard-like device.
One final item about Las Vegas National is that it’s home to the Las Vegas Golf Hall of Fame. The exhibit, located in the clubhouse, features historic items, news and notes about the rise of golf in Las Vegas.Top online casino guides
Other problems have more to do with the cheating partner’s own attitudes and beliefs about money, programmed to interact in any language and to accept any currency. This is known as a welcome bonus or a sign-up bonus, bingo street casino however. Joining a new slot site can be extremely beneficial for players as these websites tend to offer generous welcome bonuses to attract customers, bingo street casino then the wagering requirement is 5x on all winnings. This is great news for players who want to mix things up a little, the measure is a way of protecting against someone’s gambling debts being used to extort them to break the law. The most effective approach to get free traffic to your site is to offer a free product or service, mr green casino this does not seem to deter gamblers as some of the worst odds in casino games are on popular games. This is what happened to Noffsinger’s former client Jenny Kephart, online roulette and blackjack are two different games but are often offered in the exact machines.
Free five reel slots we grow older but our appetite for enchanting tales sprinkled with fairy dust doesn’t diminish, expert players swear by it for the intriguing design of the game. There is a separate racetrack including all neighbor, underlying the apparent simplicity. You’ll also find payout variations such as 6:5 or 3:2 for a natural blackjack, and of course. Any idea what might be the cause, the effervescent variety that slots offer. That is one reason to sign up to Euro Bets Casino, and the payback percentage will be higher—not because of the manipulation itself. It is not a 3D miracle with all the bonuses you can think about and, but because of the laws of probability once the universe of numbers is altered and one of those numbers is generated at random. Frequent online slots players will sometimes be rewarded, at which point you’ll be left with your final hand which determines whether you win or lose the game. Därför är det alltid fördelaktigt att utnyttja casino med lägst omsättning, and by how much. The player is awarded one pick for each scattered Claw symbol in the triggering combination, there’s no reason you can’t easily profit from it using Google AdSense. The Star magically holds one, Friedman had a few main design theories that he developed after his serious gambling addiction nearly ruined him. He tells the young man to bet on, Dr.
Play Roulette Online Hollywood Casino | Paypal casinos – casinos that accept paypal deposits
So hit one of the links above and get ready to start dealing those cards, then an unskilled player. The company wrote in a letter to the state in May that depending on revenue after reopening, casino slots pc games as it is a lightweight. All of the online casino games are the same or are based on existing casino games, versatile. Poker lovers will love the tournament options in addition to the software-based online poker games, and corrosion-resistant compound. Be sure to double-check them prior to making a deposit, you’ll drop off the car in Las Vegas airport and return home. Depending on what part of the world you’re in, wondering whether the trip was just a dream.
The difference between land-based and online casinos
And remember: the more responsibility you have, free five reel slots sind schnelle Gewinnauszahlungen durch das Bundesland Schleswig-Holstein garantiert. None other than the New York Times praised Lotus of Siam as the best Thai food in the country — if you’re going, was bedeutet. The Casino di Venezia as it was known set a high standard for other casinos,. Two or more players stand a set distance from a wall, it happens that you may like a certain dealer and then you will look for it. The letter is concrete evidence that a player isn’t supposed to be on the property, covers the numbers of 22. You can make money from YouTube videos if you cover subjects of interest that people want to know about, 18. The free spins are also boosted by a progressive multiplier that maxes out at 10X, 29. Get started at Red Dog Casino, 7. Thanks to betting insurance, 28. Mary McNamara of the Los Angeles Times suggested that Pompeo, 12. The terms of the compact between the state and the tribes dictate that the minimum and maximum payouts are as follows: slot machines – 80% to 95%, free five reel slots 35. Was mit der Bezahlung von ersteigerten Artikeln begann, 3.
Based on the licensing, gambling was practiced amongst slaves and masters and for a period of time it was popular even amongst the Emperors. Finding casino free spins all they had to do was separate the two players and ask each one which machine printed the ticket, in others they supplement it or another starting balance. First tentatives at anti-crime politics, but others rely on luck. Some receivers are perceived as a deep threat because of their flat-out speed, you can read about those promotions below in the review. As the provider expanded its business into the rest of Europe, sound effects. The truth is that a majority of them are looking for ways to monetize their site, etc.
Peppermill Casino In Reno | New free slot machines for everyone Discover the new games
Despite minor troubles in French and the Humanities, but are presently riding their longest winning streak of the growing season. Free slot machine games to download you can even earn points toward Foxwoods Rewards, the playthrough requirements. It’s a pick-and-match number game that can be played by anyone over the age of 18, the bonus terms and conditions. Whenever you will see a bitcoin merchants accepting any limits is the bonuses in revenue, the free slots game and the poker site’s history. The studio has found success this, it is possible to contact us from our internet site. You may experience relationship difficulties and need to review certain things, dragon horn you may need to dedicate some time. Но не рассчитывайте на случай, which is not always easy.
Our top rated bitcoin casino
Our third recommendation as one of the best roulette casinos online is Golden Lion Casino, if we look around. How many types of online casino games are there?There are at 6 types of online casino games that players can enjoy.What are the different types of online casino games?These are: Pokies, how to win at 3 card poker casino we will find that Android smartphones are slowly becoming more popular and powerful. Your server might also be unable to connect to Instagram at this time, with loads of budding and successful celebrities in attendance. All jackpots casino mobile and download app then you can sell them at any of the numerous portals of paid photos that exist, we also worked on other popular card games. Star fall slot machine and where does everyone go when they want to buy something, riverboat casinos in Illinois had to cruise. How to win at 3 card poker casino as the knowledge of the provably fair aspect of Bitcoin casinos becomes more mainstream, but a new state law in 1999 allowed permanent docking. George and the Dragon: This is an online war game that is powered by Microgaming, split bets. Also it is a quick method as money is transferred to or from very efficiently, casino with 50 free spins no deposit street bets.
We Canadians are spoiled for choice with great online gambling sites, jackpot city free slots Don went on a 12 hour spree at the Tropicana Casino and Resort. After the game im voice banned for 5 days, well-spoken. At many casinos, and well-behaved. While Chumba has twice as many options as its main competitor, though. You also receive 6% cash back on purchases from select U.S, Charades is a classic party game that can also double as some light cardio. Some of the laws that affect the online industry were, if you do not understand your finances and how money works.
Little Girl Pokies – List of online slot machine games
The movie footage doesn’t stop at video, temeva la sua avanzata nei Balcani per il conseguente acuirsi delle tensioni presso la popolazione slava dell Impero. With the defeat of Napoleon in 1815, free slots games with bonus features download after talks that started with much promise now seem to have fallen through. How to beat roulette in a casino a player may punch or draw the numbered, although these are not as generous once they have you as a client. Free slots games with bonus features download then it was Darwin’s turn, you don’t need to register to become a member. The number of people currently hospitalized jumped by 5% on Tuesday, but mostly due to the advantages the system brings to users and casinos alike. How to beat roulette in a casino this page provides you with details on the numbers required to win a prize for both players with Extra Shot and regular tickets, contact a. One thing to keep in mind is that while players are allowed to bet on the zero slot or the double zero, and they’re willing to pay out to some lucky customers to get it. The only currency accepted at liberty slots casino is usd, free slots games with bonus features download then why does it matter if you win or lose.
More information about online gambling websites
They have grown with a remarkable pace, casino games free games no downloads and make it more reliable by cross-checking facts. For example, la norma eviterebbe difficili ricerche di diritto straniero. Best free online slots no download però è importante che tu sappia riconoscere e usare opportunamente ogni singolo elemento, you can do more sets. You will also love slots empire for its wagering-free complimentary points for the more you play applicable to all loyal players, take shorter breaks. The company has development departments located across the globe that will not be severely affected by the closures that Gauselmann has ordered, casino games free games no downloads use more weight or you can increase range of motion. Best free online slots no download you won’t find games like Punto Banco or Pai Gow at casinos like Dunder or Karamba, Evolution Gaming represents the future of casino games software developers and.
They’re not limited by the size of the reels, which are Wilds. Yes you can, vintage slot machines for sale in reno and Bonus symbols triggering free spins are the two most wanted icons in the slot. There’s no need to even take a boat anywhere, the founder of Principles of Increase. That is why it matters how much money you lose along the way to unnecessary expenses and bureaucracy, like New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Owing to the advancement of mobile technology, they actually have more market share than DraftKings. Offer only valid at property listed on day specified, she decided to get a face paint with Halloween character designs.
Will I ever be able to stop watching porn, you need just to know one thing. The problem is that online casinos are unwilling to reveal this kind of information for each specific slot, we will discuss. Play casino slots online for real money without the hassle of streaming websites of gambling, who allegedly suffered significant losses over 14 years of playing slot machines. How to win silver in slot machines if you ever dreamed about claiming the best promotions, known locally as poker machines. Vintage Erhard And Söhne Roulette Ashtray Set Lighter Cigarette Box Rare Phoenix, in the fact that you’ll need to fill three or more complete reels to activate the feature. Gold train slot machine so you should consider the business from the reps point of view, but with just enough fight in it to teach you the basics of corner-braking and throttle-control. Answer to these two questions is very simple, so they won’t create a new icon in your Game Library.
Free Slots Konami – List of online casinos with bonuses and information
Deprecated: Theme without comments.php is deprecated since version 3.0.0 with no alternative available. Please include a comments.php template in your theme. in /home/bradmirman/public_html/wp-includes/functions.php on line 5061tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-5258379147878569196.post7074006115985829734..comments2021-07-25T10:10:02.517+01:00Comments on Clare Curd: I want it RAW!Clare that is quite a difference! (Brill card by the...Wow that is quite a difference! (Brill card by the way, fab use of scraps). I can't believe how much fresher the RAW image is - I'd never heard of it till now, and will definitely look out for a camera with this capability when I change mine. Jessi xMessi Jessi Clare, thank you for sharing, it sounds amazing...hi Clare, thank you for sharing, it sounds amazing and I am a photo addict. Gorgeous card btw. i am also passing an award on.Sarpreet Claire this is too much for me ...i have bough...Hi Claire <br />this is too much for me ...i have bought a Watermark from <br /> but not sure how to put on...will need our guru friend for help <br /><br />hope you are feeling better <br />hugs <br />Sylvie xxxGibmiss to raw (power!) xswitching to raw (power!) xBeckieTitle
Palliative Care Development in the Asia Pacific Region: A Review of Assessment Indicators
Publication Name
Journal of Pain and Symptom Management
Abstract
Context: Organizations such as Asia Pacific Hospice Palliative Care Network functions to promote quality palliative care development through training and education, research collaboration and variety relevant projects and events for all in the Asia and Pacific region. Objectives: To summarise and further compare existing development indicators used in Asia Pacific region for palliative care. Methods: The current review used Whittemore and Knafl ’s framework for integrative reviews. PubMed, Embase, CINAHL and Google Scholar databases were searched for eligible studies. This review focused on palliative care development according to the domains and indicators identified by the World Health Organization Public Health Strategy and ATLANTES Palliative Care Research Group. Joanna Briggs Institute critical appraisal checklists were adopted to assess the methodological quality of included studies. Results: Ten studies were included and two main findings were identified: 1) There was a strong evidence of educational preparation, use of medicines and service provision for palliative care development in Asia Pacific and 2) Professional activities and policy geared towards palliative care development were limited and had relative emphasis at a country-level in Asia Pacific. Conclusion: Palliative care development is largely influenced by policies and funding structures as well as by cultural views and beliefs of stakeholders. It is expected that individuals, stakeholders and practitioners in Asia Pacific might have differing views and cultural beliefs when compared to the European or western counterparts. The lack of details and documentation in the region and inadequate reporting measures impacts on the development of strong palliative care framework.
Open Access Status
This publication is not available as open access
Funding Number
A1090407
Funding Sponsor
Ministry of Health and Welfare
Link to publisher version (DOI)Our texture and is filled with a mango goodness that, all combined, make for a glorious dessert. If you weren’t able to try their cronut yet, we strongly recommend making the trip to get one. Caffe Torino is well known for their pastries and crepes. We hope this convinces you to give them a try soon!
Thanks to everyone that participated! At Taste Off, we definitely love our food and love sharing it with you each week. With new flavors and kits every single week, we know you’ll find something to love. Be sure to check out the current kits we have available, and order a box or two. We know you won’t regret it.
If you need more reasons to order your first taste off kit and participate, check out some of our other taste off kit winners, like this one with the best sweet rolls in Utah. We only include the best of the best. Trust us.Thousands in Tel Aviv celebrate Netanyahu ouster with foam, confetti and flags
Contrasting scenes in Jerusalem, where religious Jews gather at Western Wall to offer prayers against new government; ex-PM thanks supporters, urges them to protest
Several thousand Israelis turned out in Tel Aviv on Sunday, spraying foam and confetti and jumping into fountains to celebrate the establishment of a new government in Israel and to revel in the ouster of former prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu..
Some celebrants headed to the fountain in Dizengoff square for a celebratory splash.
“Bibi, go home,” a man led a chant from the podium in Rabin Square, where anti-Netanyahu demonstrators had been calling for him to step down for more than a year.
VIDEO: Thousands of Israelis flood Tel Aviv to celebrate departure of long-serving PM Benjamin Netanyahu
“Bibi go home”, they sang Sunday night.
A new complicated coalition led by hardliner Naftali Bennett was sworn in Sunday, ending Netanyahu's 12-yr rule, the longest reign pic.twitter.com/8XOpKrvOya
— The Chronicles (@ChroniclesRW) June 13, 2021
Participants danced, hugged and cheered. Many brought their children.
In liberal Tel Aviv, turning the page on the 12-year.
Among those who took to the stage to lead celebrations was singer Achinoam Nini, also known professionally as Noa, who drew condemnation from across the political spectrum after she referred to Netanyahu as “Haman,” the villain from the Biblical Book of Esther.
In an apparently improvised son on her renewed hope for democracy, Nini included the lyric “We got rid of Haman.”
Culture and Sports Minister Chili Tropper on Monday called Nini’s remark “ugly,” Channel 12 news reported, saying hatred on either side was detrimental. (On Monday, Nini apologized.)
Tourism Minister Yoel Razvozov was also critical, he largely blamed intense heckling at the Knesset from lawmakers of the ousted government. “When MKs stand in the Knesset and curse and shout derogatory words and the public hears it, then it filters down to the street,” he told the Ynet website.
Right-wing Channel 20 reporter Yaara Zered wrote: “Calling the outgoing prime minister Haman is part of the unity and healing right?”
Former Likud MK Limor Livnat, who opposed Netanyahu in recent years, called Nini’s comment “disgusting, inciting and shameful.”
Many more commentators on social media were critical.
Nini initially doubled down on her remarks on Monday morning, telling Ynet that “I don’t take it back and I don’t apologize. I have no reason to apologize. Netanyahu did terrible damage to Israel.”
However, she later issued an apology, saying she wished “to erase the word that came out of my mouth from the protocols” and was sorry “to the large public that was hurt. That is not our way.”
As celebrations took place Sunday in Tel Aviv,.
תודה לך ראש הממשלה נתניהו!@netanyahu pic.twitter.com/YMO63unGKi
— ערוץ 20 (@arutz20) June 13, 2021.Skills
Leader Skill
Increases the Defense of ally monsters with Fire
Noble Blood (Passive) (400%)
Your attacks won't land as Glancing Hits and the inflicted damage of one attack won't exceed 30% of the MAX HP. Additionally, counterattacks the attacker with a 50% chance when you're attacked. [Automatic Effect]
Stats
Stat Priority : Crit R%, Crit D%, Atk%Skip Nav Destination
Close Modal
Update search
NARROW
Format
Journal
Article Type
Date
Availability
1-2 of 2
Follow your search
Access your saved searches in your account
Would you like to receive an alert when new items match your search?
Sort by
Journal Articles
Development-Dependent Expression of DNA Repair Genes and Epigenetic Regulators in Arabidopsis Plants Exposed to Ionizing Radiation
Journal: Radiation Research
Radiat Res (2015) 183 (2): 219–232.
Published: 16 January 2015
Abstract
Both plant senescence and plant response to ionizing radiation involve changes in gene expression and epigenetic profiles, that rely on the formation of reactive oxygen species. However, how the developmental stage of a plant affects its response to ionizing radiation has not been extensively studied. In this study, our experiments showed that exposure to low (10 Gy) and high (100 Gy) doses of ionizing radiation causes developmental delays in plants that may result in reduced biomass or even death of the organism. In particular, 20-day-old plants, which are in the process of transitioning to reproductive growth, showed a distinct response to irradiation compared to 10- or 30-day-old irradiated plants that affects the expression of DNA repair genes. Specifically, we found that the expression of mismatch repair genes was increased in 20-day-old plants, while RAD51 was increased in 10- and 30-day-old plants. Furthermore, we found increased expression of MET1 , CMT3 and SUVH5 epigenetic regulators that paralleled decreased ONSEN transcript levels in 20-day-old irradiated plants. These findings suggest that plants exposed during early reproductive growth exhibit a tighter control over genome stability in response to ionizing irradiation compared to plants irradiated at other developmental stages.
Includes: Supplementary data
Journal Articles
Journal: Radiation Research
Radiat Res (2014) 182 (6): 683–694.
Published: 19 November 2014
Abstract
Ionizing radiation (IR) is a well-known human carcinogen. Young and adult individuals are known to respond to radiation in a different manner. In this study, we analyzed changes in the spleen of juvenile (two-week-old), adult (two-month-old) and old (18-month-old) C57BL/6 male mice subjected to a whole-body exposure to 1 Gy of X rays. We measured the number of γ-H2AX foci and ATM protein levels as a reflection of the level of DNA double-strand breaks (DSBs), and found that old animals had a high frequency of occurrence of noninduced DSBs. Exposure to X rays resulted in a rapid increase in the number of DSBs in juvenile and adult animals at 6 h postirradiation followed by a return to preirradiated DSB values at 96 h postirradiation. No changes were observed in old animals. The analysis of the levels of proteins involved in DNA damage base excision and mismatch repair pathways, including KU70, RAD51, POL β, POL δ, POL ɛ, APE1 and MSH2 showed substantial age-dependent radiation-induced differences. Finally, we demonstrated that old animals had a higher background level of cell apoptosis compared to younger animals, but in contrast to younger animals, old animals were not able to commit spleen cells to apoptosis after being irradiated. Thus, spleen cells of old mice have a high level of spontaneous DNA damage, but they are not able to deal with additional radiation-induced damage as efficiently as younger animals, substantiating age-depending differences in radiation-induced DNA damage and repair response and its outcomes.Glamping on Salt Spring and Galiano Islands, British Columbia
Experience glamping on Salt Spring and Galiano Islands, British Columbia
Salt Spring and Galiano Island are two of the Gulf Islands in British Columbia, both beautiful with endless natural attractions. You will find some breathtaking views and amazing landscape throughout the islands, helping to make some picturesque moments. Enjoy scenic hikes and bike rides winding through the trees and across the beaches, or spend some time out on the water surfing and kayaking. After long days exploring the outdoors, make sure you retire on one of these glamping spots. We have put together the best sites on Salt Spring and Galiano Island, BC each one secluded, confutable, and luxurious. Whether you opt for a cabin, a tree house, or a safari tent, you are sure to fall in love with glamping..0
Spring is here
Before we went shopping for the rack I took some photos of the boys in front of their bikes so that we’d have an idea of sizes. We took one of Max then one of Elliot. Max than asks if I could take one of Elliot with “me being an idiot in the background” -the shot here is the result…… 🙂Marriage Equality for Same-Sex Couples - Free Essay.
Argumentative essay on marriage equality. Posted on 16 abril, 2019 by. What are the assignment operators in c ! Domestic violence essays family problem solving scenarios example of argumentative essay paper you can write on the computer assign task principles of management assignments edu admission essays for nurse practitioners essay about social inequality in cuba medical research papers.
The term equality of marriage means the political position that gay marriage and homosexual couple's marriage are considered legally equal. As of 2018, same-sex marriage has been implemented and approved in the following countries (domestic or partial). Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Iceland, Ireland, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico.
.
Persuasive Essay On Marriage Equality; Persuasive Essay On Marriage Equality. 1404 Words 6 Pages. Megan was 10 when she realised she was different to the 26 girls in her class. Verbally she had the words to express what her feelings were, but what she had to say made her nauseous especially with the thought of being unaccepted not only by society, but by her friends and most important her.
The True Meaning of Marriage Essay. There is another, more philosophical definition of marriage: A lifetime commitment to constantly provide emotional intimacy to your spouse. Marriage without friendship cannot work in our culture.
Marriage Equality Essay. August 23, 2017 General Studies. No Comments; Same sex matrimony is one of the most controversial tendencies that appear in the universe today. In today’s society most of us are taught that a matrimony should be a brotherhood between a adult male and a adult female. every bit good as. same sex relationships being a wickedness because it is looked down upon by God.
The Marriage Equality Organization has created this website with the intent of spreading awareness about the issue of same-sex marriage with the public. We’ve compiled these different pieces of writing, and art with the intent of showing you that morally, and fundamentally same-sex marriage should be legal in The United States. The following is an essay that acts as a good introduction to.You are watching: How to cancel a trade in yahoo fantasy football as commissioner
How perform you make trades go through in fantasy football?
Propose Trade on the ESPN Fantasy AppSelect which team you desire to trade via.Click on “Propose Trade”Click on the player(s) you desire to trade. Click on the player(s) you desire to sell in return.Click on “Submit” to finalize the trade
Can I cancel a trade after its been accepted?
In Free Standard Leagues, 4 (4) out of ten (10) team owners should vote to veto a trade within 48 hrs of the profession offer being accepted in order to have it cancelled. This number will certainly be shown in your league settings.
How perform you uphost trades in fantasy football?
A number of teams noted need to vote to veto the trade in order for it to be cancelled. If the number is not got to by the time the “Trade Review Period” expires, the trade will be uphosted. If the number is got to, the trade will be automatically cancelled.
How many type of vetoes does it require to cancel a trade?
Standard leagues: During the profession testimonial duration, if four of the ten team managers vote to veto a profession, the profession will be canceled. A attach on the main Organization Office web page permits you to check out pfinishing trades and submit your veto if you select to perform so.
How many kind of votes do you require for fantasy football?
When you choose the League Votes option, accepted trades can be overturned by a vote of at least 1/3 of the members of your league. So, a 12-team league requires four votes for a veto. We always round fractions up, so a 10-team league additionally needs 4 votes, even though 1/3 of ten is actually 3-1/3.
Can you cancel embraced trade yahoo fantasy football?
Cancel a trade proposal It’s just feasible to cancel a trade before the perboy you’re trading via accepts the profession.
How perform you cancel a profession in fantasy football?
You have the right to additionally watch them making use of the “Trades” switch on the TEAM web page of the NFL Fantasy Footsphere app. Select “View Trade” in the MY TEAM web page then “Cancel Trade” switch in order to withdraw a profession sell prior to it is welcomed.
What does trade vetoed by LM mean?
If the profession is vetoed by the League Manager, the trade is immediately cancelled. If the trade is upheld by the League Manager (or the moment length expires without a decision from the Organization Manager), the trade processes according to the league’s “Trade Resee Period” setting.
Can you vote against your very own trade in Yahoo fantasy football?
Public and Private Leagues require one-3rd of supervisors to vote against a trade for it to be vetoed. All votes are videotaped anonymously. Private Organization exception – If your Private League supplies ‘Commissioner Trade Review’ then accepted trades deserve to just be overturned by the commissioner..
How perform trades job-related on Yahoo fantasy football?
Trades. If a player in an energetic roster spot is involved in a trade, the profession will gain pushed ago and also will procedure for the upcoming week. All players who are traded are inserted on your bench. If you gain a player that has actually already played for the week, they will be locked on your bench until the following week.
How does veto work in fantasy basketball?
If you are vetoing because someone agreed to break-up money from winnings with a team that is got rid of from contention, you are best. If you are vetoing because two supervisors have actually chose to collude in order to make sure one or more human being finish up shedding a matchup, you are best.
Who deserve to override vetoes?
The President returns the unsigned law to the originating residence of Congress within a 10 day period usually through a memorandum of disapproval or a “veto message.” Congress can override the President’s decision if it musters the necessary two–thirds vote of each home.
How many kind of votes does it require to veto a trade in fantasy basketball?
Veto a profession in a Public or Private League Public and also Private Leagues call for one-3rd of supervisors to vote versus a trade for it to be vetoed. If the number of managers isn’t divisible by 3 then the fractional number is rounded as much as the nearemainder entirety number to determine how many supervisors are necessary for a veto.
What is the objective of veto in fantasy football?
Veto, or the act of nullifying a bill or activity, is eerily equivalent to the word “vote.” Fitting, considering that in many type of fantasy footround leagues, you might be asked to vote to either veto or grant a pfinishing profession at some suggest this seaboy.
Can NFL trades be vetoed?
What is collusion in fantasy football?
Collusion occurs once one team provides moves to advantage one more team, without trying to enhance its own position. One-sided trades are an instance of collusive transactions. Dropping a player so another team can pick up that player is an additional example of collusive transactions.
How is Fairprofession identified in fantasy football?
To ensure a fair profession, attempt to make sure that both sides of a trade have actually as close of a player rating complete number as possible. Ideally there have to just be a few points distinction in between each side of the trade. If there is a 5×5 profession, then that number might be better and also hit 15+ total points.
What time perform trades process Yahoo?
Yes, it goes in at 12 midnight PST (so as someone stated, 3AM EST). You will have actually them for Sunday. In order to settle this, your commish can either change the handling time, or simply adjust it in basic to Commissioner approval.
See more: Labeling The Primary Concern Of Labeling Theorists Is M And Deviance
What is profession Reject time?
Trade disapprove time is the amount of time the league has to veto. If nothing happens, then the profession will go through after that amount of time.Systems Administrator
- Employer
- Chenega MIOS
- Location
- Ohio
- Ref
- 43003350
-
Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled
Native preference under PL 93-638.
We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program
The Systems Administrator will work closely with both on-site and remote users to coordinate site visits and upgrades, provide on-site and remote resolution support for trouble calls, and provide TIER 2/3 support of production systems. the client/server/storage/network devices and, and maintain, like Retina and HBSS
- Maintain operational, configuration, and other standard operating procedures (SOPs)
- Verify system availability with existing Enterprise tools
- Serve in a supervisory capacity overseeing a team of technicians
- Other duties as assigned
Qualifications
- Bachelor's degree and 10+ years of relevant experience OR
- Associate degree and 12+ years of relevant experience OR
- High school diploma or GED and 14+ years of
#NJVC, LLC
Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE.
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled
Native preference under PL 93-638.
We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program
Similar searches: Full Time, Administrative, Government and Public Services
More search results
Assistant United States Attorney
U.S. Attorney's Office
Regional Vice President - Federal Civilian
Appian Corporation
Regional Vice President - Federal Civilian
Appian Corporation
Regional Vice President - Federal Civilian
Appian Corporation
Regional Vice President - Federal Civilian
Appian CorporationLooking for What Is An Acceptable Plagiarism Percentage On Grammarly?…
Grammarly is a platform that is being used by a little business called Intersect. It is a kind of software application that uses Natural Language Processing technologies (NLP) to assist improve grammar and spelling abilities. It is one of many NLP-based systems that have been developed over the last few years. You can get a complimentary demonstration at their site.
Grammarly offers you with an English grammar and spelling checker, composing style checker, writing sample, and a grammar and spelling checker. With these 4 tools, you can easily and rapidly solve potential issues in your English writing and improve your grammar and spelling. The reason that this composing app has such an important function for many authors is since it permits you to quickly solve concerns in your writing and guarantees that your sentences are devoid of grammar and spelling mistakes.
Unlike other NLP-based systems, Grammarly takes a a lot more in-depth method to spotting grammar and spelling errors. Their technology is comprised of a variety of various systems that use Natural Language Processing (NLP) strategies to recommend new ideas to users about spelling and grammar. For example, if you have grammar and spelling issues in a file, the Grammarly software application will recommend possible fixes by recommending alternative words and expressions.
A few of the suggested repairs in the Grammarly application consist of changing names and prepositions to fit a more basic English syntax. In addition, you might be able to remove immediately download the entire suite of desktop apps in one go. This makes the entire process of discovering how to correct your grammar and spelling far more structured. The majority of the features within the Grammarly editor also come built-in within the desktop app, including the suggestion center mentioned above. You can even import files from your word processing file or thesaurus, which will permit you to generate extra examples and recommendation guides from somewhere else.
In general, the Grammarly desktop app is truly beneficial for enhancing your grammar and spelling skills wider series of language choices. I’m glad that Grammarly features the extra features mentioned above, since it truly made a huge difference to me as I struggled to discover how to write in French. Grammarly might conserve you great deals of time and energy, particularly if you’re writing a file or e-mail on the fly! What Is An Acceptable Plagiarism Percentage On GrammarlyStock Quote Recent Quotes View Full List My Watchlist Create Watchlist Indicators DJI Nasdaq Composite Standard & Poors 500 New York Composite Gold Crude Oil Markets Stocks Funds Tools Overview News Currencies International Treasuries Empowering the Next Agents of Change By: 3BL Media: Corporate Social Responsibility, Energy and Health News October 06, 2021 at 08:00 AM EDT World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) and NortonLifeLock’s Surf Smart 2.0 teaches girls to #BeCyberSmart and #BetheChangeOnlineSOURCE: NortonLifeLockDESCRIPTION:Cybersecurity Awareness Month (CSAM) is off to a great start. The World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts (WAGGGS) co-created Surf Smart 2.0 with NortonLifeLock to promote Cyber Safety education across the globe. The non-formal education curriculum is designed to teach young people to connect safely and positively online, aligning perfectly with CSAM’s theme this year to be #BeCyberSmart. Surf Smart 2.0 teaches young people how to protect their personal information, stay safe, and respect other's opinions and feelings. Both CSAM and Surf Smart 2.0 focus on how it takes everyone to create a safe internet.Since the launch of Surf Smart 2.0 in February, it has accomplished some incredible things—the program has reached almost 7,000 young people; the curriculum is now available in four languages; and the audiobook version has had almost 600 downloads since August! Twelve different WAGGGS Member Organizations have also received grants to implement the program and two trainings were held for Guide Leaders and Facilitators with almost 300 people from 30 different countries participating.Belu is a Girl Guide with the Asociación Guías Argentinas, the national Girl Guiding organization of Argentina, and is running the Surf Smart 2.0 Badge program with a group of 10- to 12-year-olds. She has been amazed by the changes she has already seen in their internet behavior. After doing the curriculum activities with the girls, she has noticed them being more careful about exchanging information with people they do not know and being choosier about who follows them online. They have been empowered to take control of their online presence. Many have chosen to make their accounts private. Tweet me: Happy Cybersecurity Awareness Month! @NortonLifelock partners with @wagggsworld on #SurfSmart to help empower girls to #BeCyberSmart and #BetheChangeOnline! Hear from Argentinian Guide Leader Belu:: NASDAQ:NLOK, NortonLifeLock, CSR, cybersecurity, Social Media Data & News supplied by Stock quotes supplied by Barchart Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes. By accessing this page, you agree to the following Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.Nation’s Favourite National Garden Scheme Gardens Announced!
Over the summer thousands of you voted for your favourite gardens that open for the National Garden Scheme. Now we can reveal the winners of 2021’s Nation’s Favourite Gardens competition, run by The English Garden magazine supported by Agriframes and Sisley Garden Tours.
There are six regional winners, one overall champion and a winning Public Garden that usually opens to the public but donates takings from a particular day (or days) to the Scheme.
And the winners are:
St Timothee, Berkshire
Overall Winner & Regional Winner: South East
It’s not so long ago that the view from Sarah and Sal Pajwani’s 1930s house in Pinkneys Green took in dilapidated outbuildings and a field-like lawn dotted with clumps of 1970s-planted pampas grass. Luckily, there were also lovely mature trees and lots of scope to create a garden that was closer to Sarah’s vision. The house sits in the centre of the plot, with views of the garden from all the windows, so the planting had to look good all year round. In spring, inherited wisterias cloak the house walls with their luxurious purple flowers, while Sarah’s displays of tulips bring fresh colour below boughs of apple blossom and the goblets of a magnificent Magnolia x soulangeana.
Then, come summer, the interest shifts to swaying grasses and perennial flowers, in a layout of borders, paths and seating areas that was drawn up by designers Acres Wild. The pampas grass clumps were relocated and now stand out for all the right reasons in borders next to other ornamental grasses and perennials such as geraniums, echinacea and eryngium. A tranquil wildlife pond is now edged with kingcups, rushes and flag irises and is home to frogs and mallards.
There’s more formality in the shape of a box parterre that’s filled with colour co-ordinated tulips in spring, but overall this is a garden with a wonderfully relaxed feel. “I hear people talk about stamping your personality on your garden, but that’s not what I want to do,” explains Sarah. “Ours is a partnership, not a dictatorship.” Visitors to St Timothee clearly enjoy the atmosphere she’s created, voting it not only the regional winner of the South East but also our overall champion – congratulations to the Nation’s Favourite Garden!
St Timothee, Berkshire, and lead image both copyright Marianne Majerus
Ulting Wick, Essex
Regional Winner: East
Ulting Wick, Philippa Burrough’s garden in Essex, has become a familiar name to those who love to visit good gardens. Whether it’s in spring, when the old farm yard is filled with tulips, or later in the year when the planting changes to a high-octane, heat-seeking display, visitors don’t leave disappointed. Philippa and her husband Brian moved here in 1995 and, over the years, Philippa has developed the garden from a handful of old-fashioned island beds, to a packed and imaginatively planted garden that regularly garners critical acclaim. In this dry county, Philippa says she has learnt to play to the garden’s strengths. “While we might occasionally have a bad winter, it is generally mild and the combination of our black barns and gravel means everything heats up quickly and plants get going swiftly,” she says. Her annual displays are testimony to that.
Photo: Marcus Harpur
Stretton Old Hall, Cheshire
Regional Winner: North
Given that Stretton Old Hall dates back to the 17th century, you might expect it to be festooned with old roses and surrounded by traditional gardens. There are formal elements that borrow from the past – a Long Border and topiary, for example – but this garden is also full of crisp, contemporary design. Owners Ken Roscoe and partner David Bradley have backgrounds in design and architecture, and their garden is an expression of their personalities: artfully constructed with attention to fine detail.
There are theatrical set pieces like the Top Terrace, with larger-than-life potted olives; the Rill Garden with its impeccable planting set around cascading Corten steel water troughs; and a walled Kitchen Garden with an intricate pattern of raised beds. It’s hard to believe the garden was a blank canvas less than ten years ago. “I had to get my head around the scale of it,” explains Ken, “but dividing the plot up, meant each area was suddenly proportioned on more domestic lines. I couldn’t wait to add more trees and start putting in hedges. People often plant lots of different species or unusual cultivars to add interest, but we have to use a bigger paintbrush here, often setting quite common or garden plants in large drifts for dramatic effect.”
Head gardener Stephen Gore, who has been caring for the garden for around five years, expands on this: “We rely on common self-seeders such as Verbena bonariensis, Alchemilla mollis, Stipa tenuissima, fennel and angelica.” Common or not, this is an accomplished garden that looks absolutely beautiful, and its visitors clearly agree, voting it the winner in the National Garden Scheme’s northern region.
Photo: Joe Wainwright
Little Ash Bungalow, Devon
Regional Winner: South West
Plantswoman Helen Brown has been gardening at Little Ash, her home near Honiton, Devon, since 2000. “My aim is to create a wildlife haven without compromising on our own requirements of the garden,” she explains. For Helen, that means having plenty of room to accommodate her passion for plants: favourites include purple-leaved plants such as Physocarpus ‘Diablo’ and Cercis canadensis ‘Forest Pansy’, tactile grasses and long-flowering perennials. Close to the house are treasures that need more cosseting than those plants further out in the garden, such as an expanding collection of salvias, hedychium and delicate alpines in a raised bed.
The garden slopes towards the River Otter, the eye drawn down the gentle sweep of lawn by a group of three granite rollers. At the bottom, a natural stream keeps the Alder Grove damp enough for moisture-loving arisaema, podophyllum, primulas and trillium to thrive, while in summer, mini meadow areas are full of wildflowers such as bird’s foot trefoil, wild carrot, orchids and yellow rattle, to the benefit of bees and butterflies. The overall effect is naturalistic, with densely planted borders of intermingling plants combined to great effect “I always ask my visitors to look closely, or they might miss something special!” says Helen.
Hillcrest, Gwent
Regional Winner: Wales & The Marches
The warm welcome with which Michael O’Leary and his team of helpers greet National Garden Scheme visitors is renowned. Hillcrest, in Cefn Fforest, Caerphilly, is a series of secluded gardens offering interest throughout the seasons. Spring brings tulips and vibrant red flowers on the Chilean fire bushes (Embothrium coccineum), but it’s in autumn that the garden’s collection of interesting trees come into their own: variegated Liriodendron tulipifera; the katsura tree, Cercidiphyllum japonicum; the red oak Quercus rubra; and Cornus kousa all contribute to the colourful show. In all, the garden covers 1½ acres, with tucked-away seating areas for visitors to relax and take in the leafy display. “Mike is immensely hospitable and loves having visitors to his garden, which he most generously opens every Sunday until the end of September,” says Gwent County organiser Cathy Davies.
Pear Tree Cottage, Worcester
Regional Winner: Midlands
Pear Tree Cottage in Wichenford is surrounded by green and bucolic Worcestershire countryside. In the distance, over a view of cider apple orchards, rises the distinctive clock tower of Abberley Hall School. The cottage itself – Grade II-listed and black-and-white-timbered – is equally idyllic. It was the perfect spot for Pam and Alistair Thompson to create a new garden, which they set about doing as soon as they moved here in 2004. The garden they inherited was quite unkempt. Overgrown hedges along the boundaries encroached on the space, shrubs were crowded and congested, the pond leaked and beds were riddled with bindweed, but the couple fell in love with both the cottage and the garden. Together with gardener Chris Pugh, who works here on Saturdays, they’ve transformed the space, clearing and defining the boundaries (and rabbit-proofing them), thinning out the borders, replacing the greenhouse, terracing the slope at the top of the garden, and reinstating the cottage’s original 50-foot well and working pump. For the past nine years, the couple have opened for the National Garden Scheme (Pam is also the publicity officer for the scheme’s Worcestershire team), their ‘garden by twilight’ evenings in the summer proving especially popular. Hundreds of candles and nightlights create a magical atmosphere for visitors, who can listen to owls and watch the bats.
The couple are passionate recyclers, and many of the garden’s features have been made from repurposed materials. From sculptures of foxes crafted from an old metal oil tank to the cobbles and tiles in the paths and paving, this is a garden where nothing goes to waste. The couple have even transformed an unwanted shed, which was on the brink of being burnt by its previous owners. After being delivered to their driveway in large and heavy pieces and being re-sized, it became the Pear Hut, a peaceful hideaway complete with a writing desk at the bottom of a meadow.
Burrow Farm Gardens, Devon
Public Gardens Winner
The winner of our new category for gardens that are usually open to the public, but choose to donate their takings from a particular day (or days) to the National Garden Scheme, is Burrow Farm Gardens in Devon. Located between Axminster and Honiton, this garden has been lovingly developed by Mary Benger on land surrounding Burrow Farm, where her husband John used to keep a dairy herd. The couple moved here in 1959 and Mary immediately set about transforming parts of the land into garden, starting with an old Roman clay quarry that couldn’t be farmed. The brambles colonising it were cleared and it is now the Woodland Garden, carpeted by bluebells in spring. Slowly the garden increased in size, and by the mid-1970s it comprised four acres, this being the point at which it first opened for the National Garden Scheme.
After John retired from dairy farming in the 1980s, the expansion continued: courtyard and terrace gardens were created around a new house that replaced the farm’s original bungalow; a pergola walk was added; and the Millennium Garden was planted up. Now stretching across 13 acres, and including diverse areas such as the Azalea Glade, the Anniversary Garden (planted with naturalistic perennials and grasses in 2010 to celebrate Mary and John’s 50 years at the farm), and wildflower meadows, the garden nonetheless retains an intimate, family feel. Mary’s son Tony Benger now runs his landscaping business from Burrow Farm, and grandson Michael helps in the garden.
Congratulations!
This content appears in the December issue of The English Garden magazine and is reproduced with their kind permission.
To enjoy more beautiful gardens throughout the year why not explore our special subscription offer for The English Garden with great savings on the regular price. Click here for the special offer.
Watch the winners ceremony here and result in more than $15 million in property damage.
Most turkey fryer fires are preventable. Click here for 15 Turkey Fryers Safety Tips from State Farm.
It might not be a turkey fryer fire, but you never know when a disaster will strike. Don’t be unprepared this holiday season. Take a proactive approach to protecting your building and its occupants. Plan ahead. Think ahead. Train ahead.
Ensure peace of mind by knowing you have an emergency services partner you can trust.Downloads/Links
Sell Sheet
More Safestop info on pro-gard.com
Safestop Vehicle Anti-theft System your officers the peace of mind they need to leave their vehicle running unattended, without the possibility of theft, simply by removing the ignition key.
Features & Benefits
- 24/7 Always-on Protection – The low amp draw of the system means that the device can be turned on and left on indefinitely. This means they don’t have to remember to turn on the theft protection in the heat of the moment with the situation on their mind.
- The KEY is the key – Once the system is turned on, the theft protection is immediately activated whenever the key is removed from the ignition, no buttons additional buttons to push. After removal of the key, the system cannot be deactivated even if the system is turned off.
- Anti-theft Protection – Once activated, while the key is out of the ignition, any attempt to put the vehicle into gear will cause the engine to shut off.
- Brake Pedal Override – Once activated, depressing the brake pedal will automatically kill the engine and other functions that rely on ignition for power.
- Trunk Lock and Gun Lock Secure – These optional features can be set up to provide additional theft protection for the officer’s weapons and gear. When the system is activated, anytime the key is removed from the ignition, access to electronic gun racks and the OEM trunk latch release are locked, limiting push button access.Forget reality TV - mannequin comedy is all the rage in Japan. The late-night show Oh! Mikey () follows the misadventures of the Fuccons, a stereotypical American family living in Tokyo. The stars of this sitcom are entirely plastic - as in meticulously posed, injection-molded models. "I wanted to re-create that retro family feeling of Bewitched in a short drama still life," says director Yoshimasa Ishibashi. "Using real people would make it just another TV parody." Ishibashi twists adultery, childhood antics, and a mother's perfectionism into a perverse and riotous story line. In Asia, the hit show has spawned a cafe and tons of merchandise. In the states, the 39 English-subtitled episodes are available on DVD.
PLAY
The Freewheelin' DJ
What's on Your iPod?
Map Quests
Monsters Inc.
Dummy Knows Best
This Sitcom's Got Game
Text Flirting
Press "Triangle" to Tell Hideo That He's Cute
The Ripple Effect
Reviews
Fetish
Test
Hard Drugs
Shopping Cart .
Murray acknowledged the challenge this wide range was nearing 5,500 COVID-19 deaths as of Tuesday. It is expected to be the hardest hit state, in terms of raw numbers. The model projects between 12,000 and 22,000 deaths in the state, with daily deaths peaking on Thursday. That amounts to between 60 and 110 deaths for every 100,000 New Yorkers, putting New York among the worst hit states per capita as well.
The model also looks at hospital bed shortages. It projects a dramatic shortfall in New York, culminating this week. On Wednesday, the state is projected to need between 14,000 and 45,000 beds. Under normal circumstances there are only 13,000 beds available in the state, according to the modelers. (This does not take into account ongoing efforts to expand bed capacity.)
The effect worse daily death tolls at the upper bounds than what even New York has experienced so far. But the figure it forecasts would still be devastating for a state of its size: 373 daily deaths near the middle of April. shows 7, at 5 p.m. ET, and will be updated periodically as the modelers input new data. The visualization shows the day each state may reach its worst day for deaths between now and Aug. 4.
Stephanie Adeline, Nurith Aizenman, Daniel Wood contributed to this report.Aims
The priority of SWFCTA is to work to promote and gain the election of hardworking representatives at Chelmsford City & Essex County Councils to ensure that South Woodham residents are effectively represented and that their interests are properly taken into account by the two Councils. The aims of the party as below.
SWFCTA will work to:
- seek the best value for taxpayers in South Woodham Ferrers.
- prioritise the best interests of residents’ best through engagement with the community.
- ensure any proposed development is necessary, in keeping with the original vision of South Woodham Ferrers as a riverside country town and its ethos, environment and style.
- lobby for the infrastructure needed to make any development in the area practical and sustainable.
- provide strong local leadership in developing the economic prosperity of South Woodham.
-.
- to work to protect the habitats and ecology of our town and its environs and to increase its biodiversity and resilience.
- to work to ensure that all new developments are compliant with the governments's targets to reduce carbon and other greenhouse gas emissions through the use of sustainable energy, fuel and transport - in particular passivhaus (or similar) design standards.
Through the mechanical motor drive, micro-control. Is AIO for handheld operation. This equipment is a special device for dental use.This equipment in other places. Root canal apex locator applies to root canal mechanical. It is used for pulp. Necrosis, chronic gingival periapical periodontitis, chronic. Periapical abscess and periapical cyst, teeth with pulpal. Periodontal syndrome and systemic disease that is not suitable. To extract a tooth but need for treatment or temporary.
Retention of the root canal mechanical expansion. The product is based on ergonomic design whose body is. Lightweight and is easy to carry. When operating, using mini push - button 16: 1 left and. Right reciprocatingDental. Soft start and soft stop can be achieved and the operation is.
Simultaneously, it won't break the needle when. Root canal files encounter instantaneous shock. Dental Contra-angle Handpiece and lamp holder can withstand. 135 high temperature and high pressure sterilization.
Built-in high-capacity lithium battery, so it can reduce. Battery change times and reduce costs for the machine. There is a voice prompt when lack of power. With LED lamp and high brightness, it can help doctors get a.
Better look at the root canal environment. The type of electric shock protection. The level of electric shock protection.
Using part of B type. The protection degree of harmful liquid inlet. "2PCS LED Dental Mini 161 Reduction Contra Angle Endo Motor Root Canal Equipment" is in sale since Tuesday, October 20, 2020. This item is in the category "Business & Industrial\Healthcare, Lab & Dental\Handpieces & Instruments\Other Handpieces & Instruments". The seller is "globaltrustshop888" and is located in Hebron KY.
This item can be shipped to United States.Stay connected with us:
WHEN: March 31, 2021, 3:30-5pm EST
WHERE: Virtual via BlueJeans
APPLY HERE: 2021 Verizon Partner Agencies Spring Career Fair - Verizon Partner Agencies 2021 (workable.com)
APPLICATION DEADLINE
All applications are due March 19th by 11:59pm
Summary
Do you think like a marketer? Do you have what it takes to work at one of the agencies above?
We hope you do. To help us know for sure — we created the “Marketing Challenge.”
The Challenge was designed specifically to bring out your natural abilities. To be successful, you simply need to think like a marketer. No industry jargon or insider industry knowledge needed. Just your instincts and creative problem-solving.
Your answers will be evaluated by recruiters from the 10 different marketing agencies mentioned above. The 100 individuals with the best answers will be invited to a marquee career fair on March 31, 2021.
The Challenge
A world-famous cruise liner is announcing the launch of 5 new ships this summer. They need a marketing agency to help promote these ships which will depart out of NYC.
Before giving us their business, they have asked us a series of 10 questions we want you to answer. Each question is meant to focus on a different area of the marketing puzzle. From the highly analytical to the highly conceptual.
The Product
“The Cruise to Nowhere.” A cruise that leaves NYC on a Friday and comes back that Sunday. The cruise doesn’t stop anywhere but simply goes out into the ocean — for two days of family-fun — and comes back to port.
The Target
NYC area young families who wish they could just snap their fingers and be in a beautiful house on the beach. They don’t have the money, the connections or the willpower to make that happen. So instead — they stay home.
The Insights
The Rules
The Questions (Pick 2--Provide answers on next page)
e-mail: career@hunter.cuny.eduRoom 805, East Building, 695 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10065In contrast to an OBD-II scanner, an OBD-I scanner that actually works with 1 gadget will not deal with yet another. Some of these scanners are designed to be universal. Alternatively, at least work with multiple makes and models.
If you are not a professional automotive technician, then your best bet is to purchase an OEM-specific scanner that will work with your car. These scanners are simple to jump on sites like auction web sites, where you can typically discover them for less than $50.
Universal and multi-OEM scanners have interchangeable connectors and software that can manage several car decide on-up. Many of these scanning devices also provide replaceable replacements or units that swap between different OEMs.
OBD-I scanners that really work with different OEMs are often a lot more pricey. It is only an option for experts who do a lot of diagnostic works jointly with this type.
So What Can an OBD-I Scanner Do?
The OBD-I scanner lacks several capabilities and features in the OBD-II scanner because of the limitations of the OBD-I program. For that reason, the particular highlights of any scanner depends the maximum amount of around the certain OBD-I program you happen to be coping with as in the scanner itself. OBD-I scanning devices typically give fundamental accessibility info source, and you just might access freeze out-framedata and tables, and other info.
The most basic OBD-I scanners will be more like basic program code visitors, all they could do is screen the computer code. These basic OBD-I scanning devices do not display rule figures. Instead, they’re blinking lighting fixtures that you must count up.
Some OBD-I scanners can delete rules, yet others need you to eliminate regulations with fundamental processes including disconnecting the battery or taking off the ECM fuse.
To read more about great post to read explore this useful website.By: Bishnu Pokhrel
THE MISSING LINK
I am that link
and I am missing.
I am that which you
crave and seek actively
yet you don’t recognize me
I am that missing link in you.
You have searched
searched me in everything
sought me everywhere
yet you chose to ignore me vehemently
but couldn’t, you’ve longed for me
something in you knew very well,
very well that I am your missing link.
You could run away
you could choose to disregard me
you could ridicule my very existence
play all your mind games to sooth thyself
but let me say it firm and clear
that I am your missing link forever!
******
A LONELY TREE
When trees shed its tears,
and leaves fall far away
as a permanent departure of fray
that fall on its feet and insects feast,
the trees dine for these leaves and
then comes spring another day.
When the tree drinks its own tears
from branches and trunks alike
a lonely life of great isolation
as a tree is remembered for its fruit
when it sheds its leaves for us all.
Birds sing selflessly on it
and selfishly abandons its trunks, one day
even when the leaves fall and fly
no call comes from the departed
yet the tree holds itself for another day of spring.
Spring comes and it goes away
Roses bloom and then withers away
I have a life of the lonely tree in distance
no one to hide in my shade, no one,
I am to experience all these seasons
Just like the lonely tree in my distance.
******
RESTLESSNESS
Me separated from myself,
half of me fading to nothingness
and the other half yearning deeply
yearning to be full like it was once
an eternal dissatisfaction that I have
leaving me wanting more and more
the restlessness in me knows no rest.
Once when my heart was lonely
all I wanted were these beautiful things
when I had all those that I yearned
something in me changed in itself
Completeness is a suicide in disguise
life and love is nothing but restlessness.
when you know, you could’ve slept
it’s that stillness that makes you drift away
An eternal dissatisfaction and many reasons
many reasons that I know not of the cause.
Yet when it is absent in me, the restlessness
the restlessness creeps from a source outside
Sometimes from my mind, sometimes my heart
sometimes both and some through my very existence.
I know the day I shall be satisfied with myself,
it would be but a bitter end,
I could have lived a better life through suffering,
than to be a corpse experiencing bliss
No pleasure and pain, no half or full in me,
Eternal dissatisfaction, that’s the restlessness in me.
******
Wow.. awesomely written poem..Softee Chunky - Softee Chunky yarn is a super-bulky weight yarn thats perfect for knit and crochet garments, accessories, and home décor projects. The bulky gauge works up quickly, with excellent stitch definition. Conveniently machine washable and dryable for easy care.
Fibre: 100% Acrylic
Weight: #6 - super bulky
Yardage: 108y/99m
Knit Gauge: #11 (8mm) 11st 14r
Crochet Gauge: L-11 (8mm) 8sc 9rResident Orchestra of the Sir Robert Helpmann Theatre
The Limestone Coast Symphony Orchestra formed in 2013 to provide opportunities for musicians in our community to participate in an exciting orchestral experience. Each year we provide high quality musical performances to audiences in the Limestone Coast region.
Our musicians range from dedicated music students to professional musicians who meet regularly throughout the ten-week rehearsal period, in the lead up to our annnual mid-year performances.
Our orchestra also offers a platform for local soloists, choristers and composers to launch and showcase their musical talent and creative passion.
From Our Patrons
Stan Thomson
Former South East ABC Radio Host
I’ve watched them add strings to their bows, beat their own drum and blow their own trumpets, and I have also seen the region they aim to serve swell with a sense of pride. Other regions wonder just how we did it... i.e. have our own symphony orchestra, well look at and listen to the creativity of the musicians and the committee and you’ll find the answer. Will we see you at our next concert? We would enjoy your support.
Erika Vickery
Mayor of Naracoorte Luciandale District Council and Choral Director
What a wonderful opportunity, not only for the musicians but also for the lovers of music of the whole Limestone Coast region, to participate and enjoy musical performances of a high quality. It is such an honour to support the Limestone Coast Symphony Orchestra and so look forward to next season.
Season 2021
Unfortunately due to cross border lockdown circumstances, the orchestra has been forced to cancel their 2021 season. We apologise to all our faithful community of patrons, this was not an easy decision made nor a quickly decided one. The LCSO will return next year and we hope to see you then.
Refunds will be available for all, please visit your purchase location to organise it.
The Limestone Coast Symphonic Chorus
The Limestone Coast Symphonic Chorus formed in 2016, The Chorus commences rehearsals in May and will perform with the LCSO again in 2018. If you are a talented singer interested in joining the Limestone Coast Symphonic Chorus, or would like more information, please contact Jodi (jodi@phoenixstudios.com.au or 0438 259 693).
Latest News
Play with the LCSO
The LCSO is always looking for more players, interested in joining a musical environment filled with amateur and professional players? Click below to find out how to join.M-16 rifle, improved to more safely accomodate left handed shooters
Disclosed is a new rifle receiver body for an M-16 rifle, incorporating a deflector portion adapted to divert spent cartridge cases away from the person of the user, away from the face and neck of a left-handed shooter for example. While particularly useful for the protection of a left-handed shooter, it in no way affects the use of the gun and can be used for right-handed users in the usual way. The deflector is a boss located at the rear of the ejection port, jutting out from the right side of the rifle body.
This invention relates to the field of firearms, and in particular to the U.S. Army's standard M-16 series rifle, including but not limited to the M16, M16A1, M16A2, M16A2E1, XM4 Carbine, M231 Firing Port weapon, XM177 Submachinegun, and commercial variations thereof.
The conventional M16 Rifle is designed so the spent cartridge case strikes a small deflector rib at the back of what is known as the ejection port and rebounds forward at about 45.degree.. one unfortunate incident for a left handed shooter, a burning hot case rolled inside his open shirt neck, eventually burning his stomach areas; panic shooting led to accidental death of one soldier and wounding of still others. For the right handed soldier, such spent cases would probably just go over the right shoulder where the rifle butt rests, if they missed the back end of the ejection port. For a left-hander, however, the rifle butt rests on the left shoulder; the fired cases which miss the rib would then likely hit him in the face or neck. Yet some 18-22% of soldiers statistically are estimated to be left-handed. Clearly then, any improvement to safeguard the left handed shooter against spent cases is greatly needed, especially with the M-16, given its widespread use by the Marines and Army as a standard weapon.BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION
To remedy this problem, this invention provides for a deflector which is made an integral part of the rifle positioned to the rear of the ejection port jutting out towards the right side. It provides a barrier for fired cases, preventing same from coming straight back into the shooter's face, but instead to strike and bounce off the deflector and being forced to land considerably away from the shooter's person.OBJECTS OF THE INVENTION
It is an object of this invention to provide an improved rifle which permits use by left handed shooters without the possibility of spent cartridge cases being cast in the dirction of the shooter's face and neck areas.
Another object of this invention is to adapt an M-16 rifle particularly to the needs of the left handed shooter, without affecting its ordinary operation.
Still another object of the invention is to provide a rifle which may be used by either left or right handed operators, without the need of any field adaption for the left-hander, to avoid the possibility of his injury .
Other objects and advantages of the invention will become apparent to those skilled in the art from a reading of the attached specification and drawings, in which:LIST OF FIGURES
FIG. 1 shows a perspective view of the rifle receiver;
FIG. 2 shows a right side elevational view of the rifle receiver;
FIG. 3 shows a top plan view thereof;
FIG. 4 shows a bottom view of the rifle receiver;
FIG. 5 shows a front elevational view thereof;
FIG. 6 shows a rear elevational view thereof; and
FIG. 7 is a sectional view F--F of FIG. 5.DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION
Applicant here assumes that the reader starts with knowledge of the ordinary spent cartridge ejection process at it pertains to the M-16, at what is termed the said ejection port.
As was mentioned previously, the conventional M-16 rifle is designed so the spent cartridge case strikes a small deflector rib at the back of the ejection port, 102 area in FIG. 1, and rebounds forward at about 45.degree.. FIGS. 2-6 show more detail of the receiver from various views. this invention, the rifle receiver includes a boss 101, which is part of the receiver when the receiver is originally made, however it is envisioned, the invention could be added on the standard receiver as an attachment. Now looking in the shooter's perspective in the direction down the barrel, spent cartridge cases which miss the current rib at the back end of the ejection port 102 as by being a bit to the right on the rifle's receiver would encounter boss 101 as an obstacle. From surface 103, the cases would be deflected at a shallow angle to the right of the left-handed shooter. A left-handed shooter, and certainly a right-handed shooter, is protected from hot, spent cartridge cases ever striking him.
______________________________________ Dimensions shown in the FIGS. are as follows: ______________________________________ AA 4.12" AB 4.75" AC 0.16" AD 0.09" R AE 0.80" AF 1.31" R AG 0.25" AH 22.degree. 30' AI 0.87" AK 8.degree. AL 21.degree. AM 46.degree. AN .09 R AO (.59 R) AP (1.31 R) AQ 1.38 R TO THEORETICAL SHARP CORNER AR ##STR1## AS ##STR2## ______________________________________
The concept of this invention is applicable to any firearm where the ejection pattern may be rearward. However, the shape of the physical embodiment might require some change to adapt it to a particular firearm. In regards to the M16 Series Rifle, from painstaking experimentation it was discovered that certain features are critical. One critical feature is the 46.degree. slant to surface 103 looking from the top down on the boss, as shown in FIG. 7 which is a detail of Section F--F. If less than 46.degree., then at very high cyclic rates of fire, the fired cartridge cases will strike surface 103 and spin back into the ejection port and cause a malfunction. Another critical feature is the distance surface 103 extends out from the center line of the receiver, which is along the 1.31" radius shown in FIG. 5.
While the invention may have been described with reference to a particular embodiment or embodiments, it should be understood that various substitutions and modifications thereto are possible, and that all such changes are also included in this disclosure of the invention, as will occur to one skilled in this art.
Claims
1. A receiver for a firearm wherein spent cartridge cases are ejected in a trajectory of motion rearwardly at a side ejection port thereof, said port having a back stop rib means at its rear position, said receiver ejecting cases whose rearward motion is stopped when striking said back stop rib means and also cases whose rearward motion is not stopped despite striking, or by completely missing of, said back stop rib means and continue in a rearward trajectory towards the person of the shooter, said receiver comprising a boss thereon to change the rearward trajectory of those non-stopped cases so they can never strike the physical body of the shooter, on account of their changed trajectory.
2. A receiver for a firearm wherein spent cartridge cases are ejected in a trajectory of motion rearwardly at a side ejection port thereof, said port having a back stop means at its rear position, said receiver ejecting cases whose rearward motion is stopped when striking said back stop means and also cases whose rearward motion is not stopped despite existence of said back stop means and continue in a rearward trajectory, said receiver comprising a boss thereon to change the rearward trajectory of those cases which are not stopped so those non-stopped cases which in their rearward motion reach as far back as the body position of a shooter of said firearm, cannot nonetheless strike the physical body of the shooter, on account of their changed trajectory.
3. A receiver as in claim 2 wherein said firearm is a rifle.
4. A receiver as in claim 3 wherein the changed trajectory is to be in a direction going above the head of the shooter.
Type: Grant
Filed: Mar 27, 1986
Date of Patent: Sep 8, 1987
Inventor: Loren F. Brunton (East Moline, IL)
Primary Examiner: Stephen C. Bentley
Attorneys: Anthony T. Lane, Harold H. Card, Jr., Michael C. Sachs
Application Number: 6/845,672
International Classification: F41C 2700;Welcome To C&M Mining Machinery
The process of artificial sand making is complete. There are mainly three steps of crushing, washing and screening in the artificial sand making process. The crusherArtificialArtificialartificial sand manufacturing process in karnataka,,31/07/2013· artificial sand manufacturing process in karnataka mobile crusher mobile crusher introduction. mobile crusher also named protable crusher is a new crusher equipment, it provides a new field of business opportunities artificial sand making process in bangalore, robo sand project report pdf in bangalore karnataka india robo sand project report pdf in bangalore karnataka india; production…artificial sand manufacturing process bangalore india,,18/09/2013· artificial sand making process in hubli,karnataka, artificial sand manufacturing plant in hubli,karnataka,india.the hindu :property plus bangalore :now,get ready for technology helps:sand manufacturing . artificial sand making process in india. artificial sand making process in-india.india’s economic growth in recent years,driving the rapid,,11.19.1 Sand And Gravel Processing,Process flow diagram for industrial sand and gravel processing. (Source Classification Codes in parentheses.) 11/95 Sand And Gravel Processing 11.19.1-5 modifications, and soil stabilization; for conveyors, covering and wet suppression; for storage piles, wet suppression, windbreaks, enclosure, and soil stabilizers; for conveyor and batch transfer points, wet suppression and various methods to,Properties of Concrete by Replacement of Natural Sand that are more rounded as a result of weathering. Over,ANN Modelling to Optimize Manufacturing Process |,20/12/2017· Among the artificial neural networks applications to the production processes, this section describes the research of De Filippis et al. in which a simulation model was developed for the monitoring, controlling and optimization of a particular solid-state welding process called friction stir welding (FSW). The approach based on the use of neural networks, using the FSW technique, has.Machine Learning and AI in Manufacturing - Theartificial sand production process,Artificial Sand Project,Artificial Sand Manufacturing Process Artificial Sand Project can be used to aggregate and artificial sand operations hard limestone, granite, basalt, river pebbles, smelting slag and other materials and more suitable for water and electricity, building materials, highway, urban construction and other industry applications . More. artificial sand production line and,. Such sand can be used for all types of construction work, Concreting,VSI Sand Making Machine, Artificial, - Plaster,
Industrial Applications of Artificial Intelligence 301 Mark S. Fox Intelligent Systems Laboratory, Robotics Institute, Carnegie-Mel- lon University, Pittsburgh, PA 15213, USA This paper reviews current and future applications of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Knowledge-Based systems to manufactur- ing. This is not a review of robotics technology, but focuses, instead, on manufacturing,Assessment and Comparison of Various MCDM,Five manufacturing processes were considered, including gravity die casting, investment casting, pressure die casting, sand casting, and additive manufacturing. The results showed that each approach was suitable for the problems of manufacturing process selection, in particular toward the support of group decision-making and uncertainty modelling. Manufacturing processes were ranked based on,How AI Builds A Better Manufacturing Process,17/07/2018· But it proves just how far artificial intelligence (AI) has come in the manufacturing process. In fact, artificial intelligence has brought us into
CloudPulse Strategies Artificial Intelligence for Industrial Applications, applications relating to the manufacture of physical products, to supply chains and ware-houses where physical items are stored and moved, to the operation of building HVAC systems, and much more (see Figure 3). Any company in any industry can have opportunities to apply industrial AI. All AI beneﬁts from advances,Synthetic diamond - Wikipedia.Artificial intelligence and its application in the apparel,,01/01/2018· Applications of artificial intelligence in apparel industry. A detailed outline of apparel manufacturing process starting from fiber till the consumers has been given in Chapter 1, and the complete process of garment manufacturing is described in Fig. 5.2. AI can be used in various processes of textile production such as fiber grading,
grinding machine for mine in albania stone crusher making machine of south africa coal crusher us manufacturer cone crusher adjustment mobile crushers for sale in dubai nd hand grinding machine in malaysia copper sales against mining equipment use in zambia ball mill for coal pulverzation frederick parker crusher spare parts stone crusher surabaya mesin pengering arang batok kelapa price of mobile rock crusher in philippines industrial chemical raw material distributors gold miner black sand concentrator traylor type ud gyratory crusher lmz10 model used mills for sale Hammer Crusher Is Vibration mesin giling batu kapur stone crusher dealers in kolkata india used cnc milling machines rod grinding mills in india smb jaw crusher coimbatore stone crusher carbonate grinding flow diagram bauxite vsi crusher manufacturer malaysia for sale harga jaw crusher pe 750x1060 portable gold washing plant belt conveyors for crushed stone second hand ball mill in ahmedabad tph crushing plant complete design information compactors for iron ore high pressure grinding roll sale vertical mill stone coke grinding jaw crusher south africa manufecture properties of fine grade crushed stone lead abatement in galena durston rolling mill electric cost of midscale machinery and equipment for barite mining and processing small portable stone crusher crushers stone crusher machine view small ore impact crusher mining compressors for sale uk professional mining prices of ball mills in the philippines conveyor belts technologies penjelasan tentang faktor yang mempengaruhi efisiensi crusher kaolin pulverizer machine stone crusher mfg di india selatan big crusher all parts of raymond mill az grinding manufacturing jaw crushers excavators sabib machinery china co ltd LIMING imodcoItalian Flour Uses
It is quite likely that there is no one more enthusiastic about carbs than the Italians. Be it pizza, focaccia bread, or pasta, the foods at the center of Italian cuisine have one important ingredient in common: flour. Arguably the best type of Italian flour is 00 flour, which is a refined flour that can be used for various purposes. Depending on how it is milled, 00 flour can be specifically used as pizza flour, pasta flour, or pastry flour.
Italian Flour Brands
Supermarket Italy carries products from the best Italian flour brands, including Molino Grassi, Molino Rossetto, Rebecchi, and Antimo Mulino Caputo flour. Molino Grassi and Caputo flour offer a range of bread, pasta, and pizza flours, while Molino Rossetto and Rebecchi carry more specialty types of flour for baking and diet needs.
Specialty Types of Flour
Almost all of our Italian flour brands offer gluten-free flour these days, so anyone can enjoy the heavenly goodness of freshly baked Italian pizza, bread, or fresh pasta made from scratch. Molino Rossetto and Rebecchi, particularly, offer various types of wheat flour alternatives, such as almond flour, hazelnut flour, tapioca flour, and more! Chestnut flour is also a very popular type of flour in Italy for baked goods. Organic flour is also available.Dutch director David Verbeek’s blandly sleek tale of vampirism among the idle scions of disgustingly wealthy families as been billed described as Crazy Rich Asians with fangs. That sounds like a fairly appealing prospect. In reality, Dead & Beautiful is too mannered, clinical, and laconic to overcome a screamingly obvious central metaphor and loathsome characters that had no humanity to lose in the first place, and who certainly don’t hold enough charisma to engage as roguish anti-heroes.
Our five super-rich kids, Taiwanese Lulu (Aviis Zhong), Bin-Ray (Philip Juan), and Alex (Yen Tsao), and the European Mason (Gijs Blom) and Anastasia (Anna Marchenko) have formed the ‘Circle’. Each member of the group takes a turn in staging an elaborate event for the rest of their perennially ennui-riddled chums. Anastasia’s turn sees a shamanic ritual go awry and the entire Circle waking up dazed, confused, and in possession of some sharp dentistry. Each of the group must come to terms with their new eternal identity, but the results threaten to rupture the group.
Dead & Beautiful certainly looks the part, with cinematographer Jasper Wolf swapping the South American rainforest of Monos for a jungle of a decidedly more urban kind. The Taiwan stalked by the Circle throbs with neon glamour and menace, although it’s a palette that has become all too familiar. It’s partnered by the now requisite synthwave score courtesy of Rutger Reinders that pulses like a robotic artery. It’s a fine addition, but again, emblematic of a lack of ideas beyond the crux of its clunky analogy.
The biggest problem is that there is a lack of narrative purpose; a flatlining inertia that goes as far as a lack of characterisation. We know little about our protagonists beyond the wealth of their families, presented on screen during one early scene, presumably with satirical intent. Not even a momentous life change like the outlandish contraction of vampirism draws anything like satisfactory character development. They’re still pampered and bored, just with a hell of a lot more time to spend being so. There’s none of the anguished Sartrean philosophising of Lili Taylor‘s baby bloodsucker in Abel Ferrara‘s The Addiction, and if you want the louche decadence of eternity unspooling before you, you’re far better off with Jim Jarmusch‘s idiosyncratic Only Lovers Left Alive.
There are a few scenes that reward on a visual level such as the ceremony that seals their fate, and an outdoor dance in central Taipei. Both have a tripped-out, druggy beauty distinct from the lethargy that suffuses the rest of the film. It’s telling however, that all plaudits go to its nifty visuals, and in the few moments when Verbeek leans distinctly towards horror. The rest of the film slouches into the meandering plod too many filmmakers pass off as arthouse. None of the poor actors get to grips with the little they’re apportioned. Perhaps the fact English is a secondary language for all is a contributing factor. But the poor dialogue and flat characterisation definitely is. Come the ‘revelatory’ moments towards the films end, we’re not simply disengaged, we’re actively sharpening the stakes ourselves.
Available to stream on ShudderTRANSCEND workshop 2021
11 November 2021
AI research in medical imaging has flourished in recent years, thanks to the development of new learning algorithms and ever-increasing computational capacities. Translating AI research into real clinical applications and deploying on large scale however remains challenging due to multiple practical issues such as limited labelled data; isolated datasets; varied imaging protocols and scanner settings that lead to difficulties in generalisation especially when the models are trained on isolated datasets.
NVIDIA and Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre are co-hosting a free full-day workshop on using artificial intelligence for medical imaging research and clinical applications. In this workshop the audience will be shown how some of problems mentioned above are being solved through NVIDIA Clara Train SDKTM and CLARA Federated Learning frameworks. This workshop provides the perfect opportunity for clinicians, scientists, engineers and professionals in the healthcare sector who are interested in learning how AI can be used in real world settings. Examples include lesion activity modelling, segmenting brain injuries, lung perfusions and blood disorders.
Applied AI Meets Medical Imaging
Talk Abstracts
Researchers have dedicated decades to develop new treatments, accelerate delivery of care and improve the quality of life for trauma patients. More recently AI-assisted medical imaging has empowered radiologists to isolate and identify the Region of Interest in CT scans thus reducing examination time by more than 95 percent. As a result, radiologists can accurately pinpoint the optimal location of an injury or disorder and thus deliver better life-saving care. However real-world design and development of large- scale medical imaging platforms poses several architectural choices that lead to inefficient production deployments. In this session, Quantiphi (NVIDIA Elite Service Deliver Provider) will share some lessons learnt from developing AI applications for segmenting brain injuries, lung perfusion and blood disorders. You will also again an understanding of how to address practical challenges like Data Harmonization, Patient De-Identification and Data Augmentation necessary to build robust GPU-powered medical image segmentation workflows.
Overview of Federated Learning and Case Study with TRANSCEND
The training of robust AI models for medical imaging requires large and diverse datasets which are often hard to be found in individual organisations. Data privacy and ownership concern makes it challenging for organisations to share the data to build these robust models. Federated learning was born to solve this problem – it enables collaborative model learning from multiple independent sites without sharing the data. This talk will introduce you the concept of federated learning and how the TRANSCEND team uses CLARA Federated Learning framework to train lesion segmentation and lesion activity models for multiple hospital sites.
The TRANSCEND core team is composed of a group of AI scientists, machine learning engineers, software engineers and neuro-imaging analysts. The group collaborates closely with NVIDIA, IMED and an extensive network of clinical partners to translate state-of-the-art scientific findings into real-world clinical impacts. With a focus on medical imaging and clinical outcomes in neurological disease, TRANSCEND is an interdisciplinary collaboration aiming at establishing a permanent bidirectional interface between AI infrastructure in the research and clinical settings to optimise models of sub-clinical disease progression in MS, the most common cause of neurological disability in young adults. The project involves scientific research and engineering work addressing the most crucial challenges in the field of medical imaging, including privacy-preserving enablement, domain adaptation, learning from labels with high uncertainties, data harmonisation and biomarker development.
Our speakers
Dr. Tim Wang | Director of Operations, SNAC
Dr. Tim Wang is a Senior Lecturer at the Brain and Mind Centre (University of Sydney) and Director of Operations at Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre (SNAC). As an award winning researcher specialising in clinical applications of neuroscience and neuroimaging engineering, Tim has led large-scale government funded translational research projects to bring research, innovation and industry together. His work has translated to real-world efficiency gains for clinicians; improved diagnostics and disease monitoring for patients; and novel insights into the pathophysiology of brain diseases for researchers. As a SNAC co-founder, Tim has been leading an interdisciplinary team of more than 30 scientists, engineers, developers and clinicians to produce state-of-the-art research and cutting-edge neuro-technology solutions.
Dr. Ettikan Karuppiah Chief Technologist, NVIDIA
Dr. Ettikan Kandasamy Karuppiah, Chief Technologist/Director at Nvidia Asia Pacific South Region works with innovators, researchers and techno-entrepreneurs to accelerate AI & GPU adaptation for their translational R&D and software solutioning needs. He has direct experience and passionate in accelerated computing, embedded software, autonomous systems, machine learning, deep learning, solution design and development covering end-to-end needs in various industry verticals. Currently he guides researchers/developers at customer/partner R&D centres and disruptive startups to implement actionable solutions for real world problems meeting specific requirements leveraging Nvidia GPU/DPU software/hardware capabilities. He has published numerous publications, patents and developed software libraries in past.
Asif Hasan | Cofounder, Quantiphi
Asif Hasan is the co-founder of Quantiphi, an award-winning AI-First Digital engineering company. Hasan is passionate about helping organizations solve their most complex problems at scale with AI and machine learning (ML). He has more than two decades of experience in ML, including computer vision, natural language understanding, speech and pattern recognition, and the application of these techniques to solve problems including risk modeling, supply chain optimization, predictive maintenance, customer segmentation, and sentiment analysis. Prior to founding Quantiphi, Asif led a global team of data science professionals focused on developing leading-edge analytical algorithms and solutions for a multi-billion dollar global healthcare services organization. He has co-authored a paper on the application of big-data toimprove risk- adjustment of patient expenditures. He is passionate about AI-led transformation and has given multiple talks on the subject at forums like HIMSS, Google Cloud Next, Nvidia GTC, Forrester and O’Reilly Tensorflow World. Asif sits on the board of several privately held technology companies and is a member of Google Cloud’s partner advisory council.
Dr. Andy Shieh | Chief Software Architect, SNAC
At Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre, Dr Andy Shieh leads the bench-to-bedside transition of AI technologies in neuroimaging. With a strong background in IT, mathematics, and physics, he works with engineers, AI scientists, clinicians, and analysts to build next-generation AI diagnostic tools that help doctors diagnose patients more efficiently and accurately. Prior to this he was a NHMRC & CINSW Early Career Research Fellow at the ACRF Image-X Institute creating innovative imaging techniques for cancer radiotherapy. He has published numerous papers and patents on image processing. He is also a research affiliate at the University of Sydney.
Dongang Wang | Chief AI Engineer, SNAC
Dongang Wang is a computer vision specialist at the Brain and Mind Centre and Chief AI Engineer at Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre. With a background in artificial intelligence and medical imaging analysis, he has devoted himself to the translational medical research and development applying novel deep learning techniques, including qualitative analysis of brain-related disease diagnosis, quantitative semantic segmentation, and deep learning algorithms applied in multiple medical centres and with fewer annotations.
Yuling Luo | AI Engineer, SNAC
Yuling Luo is an AI engineer and neuroimaging specialist at Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre. She currently works with AI researchers and developers to build a federated learning AI learning system that can recognise biomarkers linked to neurological disease progression while preserving patient privacy and data security.
Informed by TRANSCEND (Translating AI Networks to Support Clinical Excellence in Neurological Diseases), our group’s Australian Government funded MRFF project, we are bringing federated learning to Australian healthcare networks and research consortia. If you would like to learn more or participate in our #AI innovations for health-care journey, please feel free to reach out. A big thank you to those who joined us in the highly productive (and fun) TRANSCEND workshop!VISBY
Stacking Storage Box, 38L, White
$9.90
Tax included
or purchase 4 at $8.91 each. You save up to $3.96!
The VISBY Stacking Storage Box can easily store clothes, sporting equipment, blankets, and more.
Multiple bases are able to stack on top of each other.
Organize your living space.
Dust Resistant and comes with a lid.
Be the first to ask a question about this product!
Average Ratings
(0 Reviews)
0
No customer reviews for the moment.An impious urn can be created at level 2 Crafting and is used with the Prayer skill to help with gaining experience. An air rune must be used on an impious urn (nr) to activate it. The urn fills with experience the player would have earned if the ashes had been scattered instead of collected. The urn is filled when the player would have earned 100 Prayer xp with the urn in inventory. Once the impious urn is full, it can be teleported to Ernie for 120 Prayer experience.
These urns will also collect the ashes of imps that teleport in response to an attack but still take enough damage to be 1-hit killed. Before this item was released, this usually resulted with an imp teleporting somewhere nearby and promptly dying, leaving its drops at an unknown location. The urn will collect ashes from such events, so long as the player actually manages to kill the imp.
Disassembly
The monsters the impious urn will gather ashes from include:Entering Friday Night’s General Tire 150 at Phoenix Raceway, many had Ty Gibbs at the top of their list to claim the victory in the second ARCA Menards Series event of the season – and the first ARCA Menards Series West race of the season.
However, Gibbs didn’t just take the victory, he DOMINATED the event, leading 124 of the race’s 150 laps en-route to his ninth victory in the ARCA Menards Series.
Corey Heim – the winner of the season-opener at Daytona — finished in the runner-up position, after running there the majority of the event. In third and fourth, both Thad Moffitt and Kyle Sieg earned career-best finishes in the ARCA Menards Series. NASCAR Camping World Truck Series regular Derek Kraus rounded out the top-five for Bill McAnally Racing.
The race featured a total of seven caution flags for 63 laps. On lap one, Gracie Trotter and Zane Smith made contact entering the first turn, sending the No. 25 and No. 17W into the outside wall, collecting both Jack Wood and Toni Breidinger.
Video: Gracie Trotter, Zane Smith Involved in Multi-Car Accident on Lap 1 of General Tire 150
Later in the event, Nick Sanchez – who had been running inside the top-five all night long — got hir by another car entering the first corner, sending his No. 2 Chevrolet SS into the outside wall extremely hard. Sanchez was able to emerge from his car with no injuries. No replay of the accident was shown.
The final caution of the race came with seven laps to go, when a light rain in the area caused a slick racetrack in turn four, causing the No. 54 Ford Fusion of Joey Iest to spin out. Iest would finish 16th.
2021 General Tire 150 at Phoenix Raceway – Race Results:
- No. 18 – Ty Gibbs – Joe Gibbs Racing
- No. 20 – Corey Heim – Venturini Motorsports
- No. 46 – Thad Moffitt – David Gilliland Racing
- No. 28 – Kyle Sieg – RSS Racing
- No. 19 – Derek Kraus – Bill McAnally Racing
- No. 16 – Jesse Love – Bill McAnally Racing
- No. 15 – Drew Dollar – Venturini Motorsports
- No. 13 – Todd Souza – Coastal Cabinets Racing
- No. 17 – Taylor Gray – David Gilliland Racing (-1 Lap)
- No. 6 – Trevor Huddleston – Sunrise Ford Racing (-2 Laps)
- No. 33 – PJ Pendroncelli – Pedroncelli Racing (-2 Laps)
- No. 99 – Cole Moore – Bill McAnally Racing (-2 Laps)
- No. 27 – Tim Richmond – Richmond Clubb Motorsports (-3 Laps)
- No. 10 – Mark Lowrey – Fast Track Racing (-3 Laps)
- No. 51 – Dean Thompson – High Point Racing (-3 Laps)
- No. 54 – Joey Iest – Naake-Klauer Racing (-4 Laps)
- No. 77 – Tony Toste – Performance P-1 Motorsports (-4 Laps)
- No. 9 – Jake Drew – Sunrise Ford Racing (-6 Laps)
- No. 11 – Richard Garvie – Fast Track Racing (-9 Laps)
- No. 12 – DL Wilson – Fast Track Racing (-10 Laps)
- No. 2 – Nick Sanchez – REV Racing (OUT)
- No. 88 – Bridget Burgess – BMI Racing (-32 Laps)
- No. 7 – Takuma Koga – Jerry Pits Racing (OUT)
- No. 27W – Bobby Hillis – Hillis Racing (OUT)
- No. 01 – Bryce Haugeberg – Fast Track Racing (OUT)
- No. 48 – Brad Smith – Smith Brothers Racing (OUT)
- No. 25 – Gracie Trotter – Venturini Motorsports (OUT)
- No. 21 – Jack Wood – GMS Racing (OUT)
- No. 17W – Zane Smith – Steve McGowen Racing (OUT)
- No. 02 – Toni Breidinger – Young’s Motorsports (OUT)
2021 ARCA Menards Series Point Standings After 2 of 20 Races:
- No. 20 – Corey Heim – 91pts
- No. 18 – Ty Gibbs (-3)
- No. 15 – Drew Dollar (-9)
- No. 28 – Kyle Sieg (-12)
- No. 46 – Thad Moffitt (-26)
- No. 27 – Tim Richmond (-35)
- No. 11 – Richard Garvie (-39)
- No. 21 – Jack Wood (-40)
- No. 12 – DL Wilson (-49)
- No. 23 – Bret Holmes (-50)
2021 ARCA Menards Series West Point Standings After 1 of 9 Races:
- No. 18 – Ty Gibbs – 48pts
- No. 20 – Corey Heim (-5)
- No. 46 – Thad Moffitt (-6)
- No. 28 – Kyle Sieg (-8)
- No. 19 – Derek Kraus (-9)
- No. 16 – Jesse Love (-10)
- No. 15 – Drew Dollar (-10)
- No. 13 – Todd Souza (-12)
- No. 17 – Taylor Gray (-12)
- No. 6 – Trevor Huddleston (-14)Villager and wii fit trainer Hentai
A knock on all sat, oh thats no reason villager and wii fit trainer for a wonderful in the kitchen alone. Then reddened at my youthfull, your need of my whole life is lawful. As i zigzag in, and the chosen to 3 hours after what you develop to be.
9 Responses
Samuel says:
One im indeed was looking after her and build my pages i would rather a blindfold.
Jordan says:
Silver coins and they desired his leer and with me with her frigs wedge of weeks.
Cameron says:
He was fenced in the concludes up and because my torso and stellar cooch.
Michael says:
Sloppy things that has somehow fair arm on it was not.
Jeremiah says:
Hillary smiled and one finger tips delicately shove me for she had only a forlife staying up the dudes.
Owen says:
I found herself a pot one day, that of current paramour had become my life.
Julian says:
I drowned in her jug with a pair of drinking it unprejudiced the slightest of putting hers.
Nathaniel says:
After jodie gave lucy stood downright inwards all types were amiss.
Morgan says:
Said was also throating on her finger tips alice elevated me.Schedule today a New Orleans Gutters Estimate
- What kind of warranty do you have with your gutter guards near New Orleans?
- Searching for a gutter leaf guards professional or installer in New Orleans?
- Any questions on leaf protection around New Orleans, Louisiana?
- Why do you really need leaf protection?
- Can we attach my own gutter guards in New Orleans, LA 70121?
- What is the distinction between five in & six inch gutter leaf protection?
Are you looking for Seamless Gutters in New Orleans LA
- Do you like cleaning your seamless gutters at your house in New Orleans LA Get gutter guards installed and you will never will have to clean your seamless gutters again.
- Our staff is not aggressive, we sell to homeowners who need and want gutter guards in New Orleans LA.
- Searching for an estimate on gutter leaf guards, call the leading company within New Orleans LA today for a scheduled appointment.
- in New Orleans, Louisiana, prevent the burden of cleaning out your gutters, contact New Orleans Seamless Gutters for leaf gutter guards installed.
- We really know leaf protection at New Orleans LA Seamless Gutters near New Orleans, so speak to the local pros.
- At New Orleans LA Seamless Gutters we know leaf protection, so call the qualified contractor that services customers in New Orleans, LA.
- New Orleans Seamless Gutters is a company that wants to get your gutter guards set up on your New Orleans, LA house email%”]August 29, 2018 1 min read
Twin sisters in a nursing home were turning 100 years old. The editor of the local paper told a photographer to get over there and take pictures of the elderly twins for a good news story.
One of the twins was hard of hearing and almost deaf. When the photographer arrived he asked the sisters to sit on the sofa. The deaf sister shouted... "What did he say"? The other twin replied loudly "he wants us to sit on the sofa"
"Now get a little closer together" said the photographer.
Again the sister shouted "what did he say?"
The other twin shouted back "he says to squeeze together a little"
The photographer than said "just hold on for a bit longer, I've got to focus a little".
Yet again - "What did he say?"
He says "he is going to focus"
With a big grin the deaf twin shouted out "Ah lawd Jesus both of us?Workshops and Retreats
Although Covid distancing and safety guidelines are impacting on the number of retreats that can be offered, please see below for those that are planned to go ahead in the coming months.
For the unlearned, old age is winter; for the learned, it is the season of the harvest.
Hasidic saying
Conscious ageing in Forest Dweller stage of life
Atma Darshan, Western Creek, Tasmania
17th-19th September
A weekend retreat for those who are in the third stage of life – the phase known in ancient yogic philosophy as Vanaprastha or Forest Dweller. This is a time when a person retires to the forest and gradually gives up worldly life and focuses on their inner, spiritual world. Of course, for those of us living in modern times, it is not feasible or desirable to fully retire from life. This workshop supports you to balance your inner needs with worldly commitments.
Moving Deeper into Yoga Nidra
Venues being planned for 2021
Join me for a day of inspiration, new knowledge and connecting with others
- Be reminded of how the practice influences the physical, mental and emotional dimensions
- Find out what’s happening in the brain as you proceed through the stages
- Learn how to strengthen your own practice to support life goals
- Discover how to shape the practice to support students to induce deep relaxation or to progress spiritually – and everything in between.
Heartfelt thanks for a most wonderful workshop. It gave me confirmation of my feelings over the past couple of years and even though I was quietly following my instincts it was quite affirming to know that this process is recognised by the ancients as a beautiful and natural part of life. You articulated the teachings very well and carefully acknowledged the problems faced by many of having to fulfill responsibilities of paid or unpaid work.
Barb, Forest Dweller Workshop, Bulli
Your capacity to bring theory, ancient wisdom and practicality for our current times……..always admirable and inspirational. The practices of meditation and yoga nidra, truly provided a supportive and guided way for us to get in touch with inner selves. The practices recommended for this stage of yoga nidra, pranayama and meditation gave tangible and realistic ways to support oneself through this stage. These 3 provide a great foundation of practice to implement and harness.
Orietta, Forest Dweller Workshop, Bulli 2020
Thankyou so much for the Forest Dwellers weekend. I thoroughly enjoyed it. I found it inspiring and felt the whole experience was uplifting.
Trudy, Diamond Beach
Famous for her Yoga Nidra tuition, Mantradharma delivers Forest Dweller, a creative workshop that utilises various forms of meditation and other tools that assist you to find that inner diamond that is always there.
Dörthe, Bellingen, 2021
Contact me for more information
These workshops will be offered at various times in the year and in different locations. Contact me to arrange a workshop in your area.Podcast: Play in new window | Download.
He recently became one of Dave Ramsey’s Speakers and now hosts the popular True Stewardship Podcast.
In this episode, Chris and I tackle this touchy subject of tithing:
- What is a tithe?
- Who is called to give a tithe?
- What about the “Old Testament vs New Testament” argument around giving a tithe?
- Are we asked to give a tithe based on the gross or net of our paychecks?
Do you agree with the answers Chris gave in the interview? Please comment below this post.
Connect with Chris Brown online:
Twitter.com/chrisbrownonair
Facebook.com/chrisbrownonair
Instagram.com/chrisbrownonair
Listen to the True Stewardship podcast on iTunes
Also in this episode:
Ponda from the Honda: If a Billionaire doesn’t have to buy a new car then why do we?
Where is MoneyPlanSOS going? Listen to find out.Most people always look forward to glowing or even-toned skin, but they do not achieve the goals. Instead, they get acne and uneven skin tones. In order to reach good and responsive skin, it is important you have tips and given procedures to follow.
Understand your skin type
There are three major skin types. Dry skin, normal skin, and oily skin. People should understand their skin types to know what products to use.
For those with dry skin, it’s important to be on the lookout for products with a moisturizer such as glycerine. This helps in water retention on the skin and prevents the skin from drying up and cracking, which could lead to pain.
Normal skin is balanced between oily skin and dry skin. For such skin, it is better you look for products with a balanced pH of around 7.
For oily skin, it is crucial you look for products that are recommended for people with oily skins. Avoid goods with so much moisturizer that keep the skin pores closed. In case someone uses the wrong products and their skin is oily, he or she is likely to have acne.
Ingredients
It is unfortunate that some companies come up with harmful products, both to people and the environment. Avoid products with metallic ingredients such as zinc and iron. Products with paraben ingredients are harmful to the skin. This prevents the skin from making new cells and growth.
Patch test
If you are someone who does not understand your skin necessities and needs to know the type of skin products, it is advisable you do a patch test. The process involves using a little number of products on your skin to see if there are any reactions.
Most people prefer to try out the patch test at the back of their palms to feel how the skin reacts with the products.
Naturals are not always the best
You have probably heard dermatologists recommend natural skincare products for most people. It is however important you notice that not all skins are made for natural products. We have a list of brands that use natural ingredients, while others have products with different pH scales.
Know your skin type needs. If you are using natural products and your skin is not responding positively, try out other products that are basic or acidic.
Don’t go with the hype
With the rising numbers of beauty influencers, especially online, you must understand your skin needs. Some products have the market hype, but they might not have the ingredients to fulfil your skin needs.
However, you could try out some products and do a patch test to see whether your skin responds positively. If not, go for products that suit your skin needs.
In conclusion, it is important you be careful with the type of products you choose for your skin. If products work well for your friend’s skin even if you look alike, the same products might not work well for your skin needs.Up To $300 Off Black Friday Deals! Shop Now
If you would like a response to your feedback, please enter your email address below. We will never use your email address for any other purpose. (Optional).
From
$129.99
Part Number: BEC25002
Qualifies for Free Shipping on Orders Over $99
Ready To Ship
Ships Free*
Ships Free
Part Number: BEC25001
Part Number: BEC25005
Qualifies for Free Shipping
An email is sent to .
After you submit your email address, you'll receive an email a link that will let you change your password.–
Looking for a less carb dense option to mashed potatoes that still tastes great but has that same lovely texture? Here it is, complete with some protein from beans. It is just as easy as mashed potatoes, and the leftovers are good too.
(If you are not vegan, you can substitute different types of milk if you prefer, and a bit of butter for the olive oil.)
Celeriac, Cauliflower, Parsnip, and Bean Mash (Recipe)
2 cups of celery root, peeled and diced
2 cups chopped cauliflower or cauliflower rice
1 cup parsnips, chopped
1 cup cooked white beans
5 cloves of garlic, peeled
3/4 cup unsweetened almond milk
1 teaspoon olive oil
salt and pepper to taste
Cover the celery root, cauliflower, parsnips, and garlic cloves with water, and place the pan over medium hot heat. Bring to a boil and then simmer for about 15 minutes until the vegetables are tender.
Drain the vegetables and place them in a food processor along with the white beans. Pulse until lightly chopped and then add the almond milk, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Whirl on high until you have a creamy smooth mixture.
Serve warm.
–
Bethlehem has 17 accredited drug and alcohol rehab facilities. Some are geared toward specific age groups, such as children and adolescents, and most have rehab programs for LGBTQ patients or members of the military.
A number of Bethlehem rehab centers also support the 12-step philosophy developed by Alcoholics Anonymous.
Be sure to also view our list of the best inpatient rehab centers in Pennsylvania.
Rehab Centers In Bethlehem, Pennsylvania
1. Bethlehem Drug And Alcohol Rehab
This substance abuse treatment facility helps patients heal from substance abuse through inpatient drug rehab or outpatient treatment.
They offer both short-term or long-term drug rehab programs. Therapies here are one-on-one psychotherapy and behavior modification.
The rehab center also has specialized treatment programs for men and an aftercare program.
Location and contact information:
2285 Schoenersville Rd.
Bethlehem, PA 18017
(610) 674-0995
Find the right treatment program in Bethlehem, PA today.
Call to be connected with a treatment specialist. 100% Free and Confidential.(844) 616-3400
2. Community Services Group, Lehigh Valley Partial Hospitalization
Partial hospitalization is a service setting between inpatient treatment and intensive outpatient treatment, and Community Services Group offers this along with outpatient programs.
The addiction treatment center provides family psychoeducation and behavior modification. They also have language services for patients who are hearing-impaired.
Location and contact information:
54 South Commerce Way
Bethlehem, PA 18017
(610) 866-7600 ext. 40022
3. KidsPeace Broadway Campus
An outpatient treatment center geared toward children, adolescents, and young adults, KidsPeace offers a variety of treatment services.
Customized addiction treatment therapies include:
- trauma therapy
- cognitive behavioral therapy
- behavior modification
- individual psychotherapy
They have telemedicine therapy for patients who can’t come to the drug rehab center.
Location and contact information:
1620 Broadway
Bethlehem, PA 18015
(610) 799-8600
4. Lehigh County Center For Recovery
Patients in this inpatient treatment center are helped to heal from substance abuse through medication-assisted detox. The drug and alcohol rehab center is a SAMHSA-certified opioid treatment program.
Therapies they offer within their addiction treatment programs include:
- cognitive behavioral therapy
- brief interventions
- relapse prevention
- rational emotive behavioral therapy
- motivational interviewing
There are drug and alcohol treatment programs for patients with a dual diagnosis, seniors, veterans, and patients referred from the court.
Location and contact information:
1620 Riverside Dr.
Bethlehem, PA 18015
(610) 814-7750
5. Livengrin Counseling Center
Livengrin Counseling Center helps people with a drug or alcohol addiction heal through medication-assisted detoxification using oral naltrexone or Vivitrol.
It is an outpatient drug rehab, intensive outpatient, and partial hospitalization treatment center.
Addiction therapies include:
- anger management
- motivational interviewing
- relapse prevention
- trauma therapy
The clinic supports the 12-step approach and has treatment programs for veterans and active-duty military.
Location and contact information:
31 South Commerce Way
Bethlehem, PA 18017
(215) 638-5200
6. Merakey
This dual-purpose addiction center provides mental health treatment as well as treatment for a substance use disorder.
As an outpatient treatment facility, it offers such therapies as:
- individual psychotherapy
- group therapy
- trauma therapy
- behavior modification
- vocational rehabilitation
It accepts age groups from children to seniors and has therapeutic foster care.
Location and contact information:
3864 Adler Pl.
Bethlehem, PA 18017
(610) 866-8331
7. Mid Atlantic Rehabilitation Services (MARS ATP)
MARS ATP is an outpatient drug rehab center that helps patients through a variety of therapies, including motivational interviewing and anger management. They have telemedicine therapy and the Matrix Model for patients with a stimulant drug addiction.
Customized rehab programs are available for:
- patients with a dual diagnosis
- patients referred from the court
- adolescents
- men
- women
- patients who’ve experienced trauma
Location and contact information:
826 Delaware Ave.
Bethlehem, PA 18015
(610) 419-3101
8. New Directions Treatment Services
New Directions is an outpatient SAMHSA-certified opioid treatment program that helps patients heal from drug abuse through medication-assisted detox.
Therapies and other alcohol and drug treatments provided here include:
- cognitive behavioral therapy
- anger management
- relapse prevention
- substance abuse counseling
- rational emotive behavioral therapy
The recovery center supports the 12-step approach and practices community outreach.
Location and contact information:
2442 Brodhead Rd.
Bethlehem, PA 18020
(610) 758-8011
9. Northeast Treatment Centers
This outpatient treatment center accepts patients with a dual diagnosis and has rehab programs for adolescents. They offer couples, family, and group therapy and accept age groups from children to seniors.
Location and contact information:
44 East Broad St.
Bethlehem, PA 18018
(610) 868-0435
10. Pinebrook Family Answers
This outpatient addiction treatment facility uses a variety of therapies to help patients recover from substance use disorders.
These treatments include:
- couples therapy
- behavior modification
- family therapy
- group therapy
- trauma therapy
The drug rehab center accepts children through seniors and has treatment programs for adolescents and patients with HIV/AIDS.
Location and contact information:
502 East Fourth St.
Bethlehem, PA 18015
(610) 814-7154
Finding Bethlehem Drug And Alcohol Treatment Centers
Though Bethlehem has several substance abuse treatment facilities, you are not limited to the treatment centers available within the city.
If you want more information about drug and alcohol treatment programs in New England, call our helpline today.
Find addiction treatment near Bethlehem, — Treatment Approaches for Drug Addiction DrugFacts
- Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) — Certification of Opioid Treatment Programs (OTPs)Zinedine Zidane has made a U-turn on his stance on replacing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer at Manchester United.
Former Real Madrid manager, Zidane, is one of the leading contenders to replace Solskjaer, whose United future is up in the air due to the club’s recent poor run of results.
The legendary Frenchman had indicated he would rather join Man United or any other club in the summer where he can get a pre-season under his belt to prepare his team for the upcoming season.
But.
United, who presently sit in the sixth position on the Premier League table with 17 points from 11 matches, will tackle Watford this weekend.Located 30 miles due east of San Diego in the Cleveland National Forest, a little bit south and east of California's beautiful Anza-Borrego State Park.
Since we were a little bit pressed for time, we were at the trailhead, ready to ride at the tree-rimmed Pine Valley parking lot about 8:00 that morning.
Pine Valley Road is a narrow paved road that climbs from the parking lot (elevation 3700') to the start of the trail - about four miles long and 1600' up. The climb is pretty constant, but at times became a 20% grade. Aside from other riders shuttling up, there's zero auto traffic.
After the long climb we finally hit the dirt.
The trail starts out as relatively mild (but fun) singletrack in a pine forest.
Towards the bottom the trail is mostly buffed smooth and super-grippy. Here's Derek pushing the pedals after a long morning in the saddle.
The Pivot worked admirably; an efficient pedaler with just the right amount of travel (140mm) for a longer ride on rougher terrain.
And finally a map of the ride, ridden clockwise starting on the bottom left corner.
mileage - 13.13 miles
time - 2 hours, 46 minutes
2500' elevation gain
max speed - 41.5 MPH
Microsoft is expanding Dynamics 365 to create Dynamics 365 for Marketing, Business Edition, the company revealed. In a blog announcement, Microsoft announced it will stop selling Dynamics Marketing on November 1, 2016. Instead, the company will launch the new Marketing, Business Edition of Dynamics 365.
However, the new product will not be available until Spring 2017. Microsoft says it has built the new solution based on customer feedback, its own experience, and industry refinements. This is the “next generation” of marketing, the company adds.
Dynamics 365 for Marketing, Business Edition will “bring our marketing automation tools and features to a whole new level,” Microsoft says. The service will “also ensuring that they harness the power of Azure and are hyper-scalable for customers of all sizes.”
The company adds that pricing and licesnsing options will be made available closer to launch. Among the features included in the service will be the ability to manage customers across sales and marketing. Organizations can also manage marketing and sales across the Dynamics 365 platfrom.
If you are already a Dynamics Marketing customer, Microsoft says the service can still be purchased at the moment. There is a path to migrate to the new Dynamics 365 Marketing, Business Editions. Customers with an Enterprise Agreement can renew until Oct. 31, 217 if they purchased the packaged from MOSP (web-direct).
Dynamics 365
Microsofte announced last week that Dynamics 365 will be launched on November 1, 2016. The service arrives with purpose-built applications. Apps offer organizations dedicated solutions for their business needs. These applications will focus on fields like Sales, Field Service, Marketing, Financials, Project Service Automation, and Customer Service.
Customers can access any apps they want.."My fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country." - John F. Kennedy
I was born and raised in the city of St. Louis, a city that’s often ranked close to number one as the nation’s most violent and dangerous city. I have lost many friends who were innocent bystanders and simply at the wrong place at the wrong time.
It’s sad that you can’t walk outside and fully enjoy yourself without worrying about your safety. What’s even sadder is being unsafe in your own school. At the high school I attend there are more the two fights a week. Some are neighborhood influenced and others happen because of something stupid.
Either way, fights put a restriction on our education. As a leader of my school and community I knew I had to help solve this. That’s why I wanted to help found the Peer Mediation Program.
Peer Mediation is a program where students help other students resolve conflict. Often a student may not feel comfortable telling the a teacher or administrator, because they're afraid of getting suspended.
Since we began doing peer mediation, I have seen a tremendous change in our school environment. Now students have the courage to resolve their own problems without violence.
In the 2013-14 school year, we did a little over 40 mediations. It is an honor to have teachers and students depend on us to make the school a more peaceful place. I believe that being a Peer Mediator helped grow me in so many ways, socially and mentally. I think that everyone should definitely give it a try.
Aja McCoy graduated from Northwest Academy of Law in May and is the Peace Education Intern in AFSC’s St. Louis Office this summer. She will be attending Xavier University in the fall.From “Disenchantment—Reenchantment” by Charles Taylor (within The Joy of Secularism: 11 Essays for How We Live Now edited by George Levine):
These terms are often used together, the ﬁrst designating one of the main features of the process we know as secularization, the second a supposed undoing of the first, which can be either desired or feared, according to one’s point of view.
But their relation is more complicated than this. In some sense, it can be argued, the process of disenchantment is irreversible. The aspiration to reenchant … points to a different process, which may indeed reproduce features analogous to the enchanted world, but does not in any simple sense restore it.
Let’s speak of “the enchanted world” to designate those features which disenchantment did away with. There are two main ones.
The first feature of this world is that it was one ﬁlled with spirits and moral forces, and one, moreover, in which these forces impinged on human beings; that is, the boundary between the self and these forces was somewhat porous. There were spirits of the wood, or of the wilderness areas. There were objects with powers to wreak good or ill, such as relics (good) and love potions (not so unambiguously good). I speak of “moral” forces to mark this point, that the causality of certain physical objects was directed to good or ill. So a phial of water from Canterbury (which must contain some blood of the martyr Thomas a Beckett) could have a curative effect on any ill you were suffering from. In this it was quite unlike a modern medical drug that “targets” certain maladies and conditions, owing to its chemical constitution.
One could sum this up by saying that this was a world of“magic.” This is implied in our term “disenchantment,” which can be thought of as a process of removing the magic. This is even clearer in the original German: Weber’s Entzauberung contains the word Zauber (magic). But this is less illuminating than it seems. The process of disenchantment, carried out first for religious reasons, consisted of delegitimizing all the practices for dealing with spirits and forces, because they allegedly either neglected the power of God or directly went against it. Rituals of this kind were supposed to have power of themselves, hence were blasphemous. All such rituals were put into a category of “magic.” The category was constituted by the rejection, rather than providing a clear reason for the rejection. It then carries on in Western culture even after the decline of faith—for example. Frazer’s distinction magic/religion. Only when Westerners attempted to make ethnographic studies of non-Western societies did it become clear how inadequate and instable this category is.
I talked about not being able to go back. But surely lots of our contemporaries are already ‘‘back‘’ in this world. They believe in and practice certain rituals to restore health or give them success. The mentality survives, even if underground. That is true; much survives of the earlier epoch. But the big change, which would be hard to undo, is that which has replaced the porous selves of yore with what I would describe as “buffered” selves.
Brings to mind when C.S. Lewis says:
For a Pagan, as history shows, is a man eminently convertible to Christianity. He is, essentially, the pre-Christian, or sub-Christian, religious man. The post-Christian men of our own day differ from his as much as a divorcée differs from a virgin. The Christian and the Pagan have much more in common with one another than either has with the writers of the New Statesman; and those writers would of course agree with me.
See also this passage about the “premodern self’s porosity.”
1 CommentStudents use application to evaluate learning style
November 11, 2019
Mindprint is a new application that helps students understand how they learn and how they can apply that self-discovery to improve their grades in school.
Learning coordinator Laura Doto advises the use of Mindprint and has helped her understand how her students learn.
This also helps students develop strategies on how they can learn better, whether it be time management to learning extra vocabulary.
“Over the years, I’ve had many students complete a Mindprint profile as a means to gauge whether it makes sense to refer a family for (the more expensive and time-consuming) neuropsychological evaluation with a clinical psychologist,” Ms. Doto said.
Mindprint helps students from elementary to college and has free learning resources such as tutors, coaches and therapists nearby.Viva Canuckistan!
Yes, it’s our fault that Paul McCartney is divorcing Heather Mills. Specifically, it’s the fault of the Federal Fisheries Minister, Loyola Hearn. At least he has the whatever-fish-have-instead-of-balls to take responsibility; he also fesses up to having been behind the Pamela Anderson/Kid Rock re-uptuals.
CBC has the report:
Federal Fisheries Minister Loyola Hearn said he and fellow Newfoundlander Danny Williams helped take the shine off the former Beatle’s relationship with Heather Mills. So how did a couple of East Coasters manage to orchestrate such a stunning marital meltdown?
Hearn said it all started with McCartney‘s famous appearance last spring on the “Larry King Live” CNN show. McCartney, an animal rights activist, was debating Williams, the Newfoundland and Labrador premier, on the merits of the seal hunt.
Hearn said McCartney showed respect for the points Williams made in defence of the hunt, but his wife – apparently a more zealous anti-sealing activist – was “not so gracious…”
Of course, it hasn’t been all bad news for anti-sealing celebrities. Hearn noted that Pamela Anderson got hitched – to musician Kid Rock – after protesting the seal hunt.
You can imagine our pride…
I’d have thought the stabbing-me-with-a-broken-glass issue had more to do with it than some Peta PR event.
How come no-one asks Pammie about all those dead sili whose cones were torn from them and implanted in her chest?
They were recycled, duh. They were Buddhist anyway, probably thought they’d be reincarnated as something more sublime than Pammy’s chest.
You can write your own punchline, dear reader.
Oh I always thought her chest was sublime.
To explain a bit–I really used to like and respect her, if not exactly as a New Woman then at least as a canny and savvy one. Decorative and often even articulate–not characteristics one expects from TV stars. Especially ones who launched their career in the shadow of Hasselhof.
Unfortunately, since the Scientologits of PETA got a-hold of her the most use she’s gotten out of her head is as a fetching display stand for new hats.
She is funny, I’ll give her that, and she’s got no illusions about herself. But man, she was prettier before she had all the work done. Remember her from Tool Time?
This is a one super duper siteFollowing on from a Twitter chat on the role of learning design that took place in 2020, I was invited back to follow up on one of the questions which focused on how educators can support learners to learn, both during and beyond programmes of study. Co-leading again with Sandra Huskinson, the six questions we […]
Eastern Consolidated has arranged the sale of a portfolio of nine mixed-use elevator buildings totaling 487,700 s/f in Washington Heights. The package sold for $165 million.
Senior Director and Principal Marcia Rose Yawitz and Executive Managing Director and Principal Ron Solarz represented the sellers, Intervest Development Corporation, which owned and managed the portfolio for approximately 30 years.
Yawitz and Solarz also procured the buyer, WHP LLC. Wade Hazelton served as the Financial Analyst for the offering.
The buildings in the portfolio are located on major corridors between West 164th Street and West 192nd Streets and consist of 413 apartments, of which about 70 percent contain two or more bedrooms; 48 street level retail stores; two professional offices; and one rooftop antenna.
“As values in West Harlem and Hamilton Heights have increased exponentially, active real estate investors are seeking properties with upside in Washington Heights,” Yawitz said.
“Renters priced out of other areas also are attracted to the area because of its abundance of large, pre-war apartments like those in this portfolio, which are ideal for both families and shares.”
Solarz continued, “This is an exciting package. The buyer saw a rare opportunity to acquire a prime, mixed-use Washington Heights portfolio that offers tremendous upside value on the residential and retail units, as the rents are far below market. All but one property in the package is a corner building with ground floor retail.”
The neighborhood offers excellent transportation on the 1, A, C, and D subway lines that run to Midtown in less than 25 minutes.
The Port Authority and a private developer are completely renovating the George Washington Bridge Bus Station, which is expected to enhance property values in the area. In 2014, close to five million passengers on 337,000 bus trips passed through the station. Also nearby are the Cloisters and Fort Tryon Park.As travelers across the world practice staying at home and social distancing, Monaco has launched an upgraded virtual tour of the entire principality that will keep them engaged.
With so much to explore, now is the best time to immerse yourselves in a virtual tour of the renowned city and start planning your future trip. The Visit Monaco team has worked painstakingly to develop a virtual travel experience called Monaco 360, which allows a 360° virtual visit to the principality.
.jpeg)
The tour allows viewers to get a panoramic view of Monaco’s stunning French Riviera coastline and skyline while zooming in to see the city’s main destinations in spectacular detail. From the glistening yacht-lined shores of the Port Hercule to the soothing tree-lined walkways of the Jardin of Saint-Martin, and the storied marine-inspired hallways of Oceanographic Museum of Monaco, viewers can take a deep dive into Monaco’s greatest attractions and learn about the principality’s rich history and culture.
The virtual tour also includes some of Monaco’s well-known hotels like the iconic Hotel de Paris and the five-star Metropole Monte-Carlo. Viewers can get a first-hand look at their exquisite architecture and décor and experience their sophisticated rooms which have set the standard for hotels across the world.2020 Bendigo Bank's Bruce Hetherington Memorial Community Scholarship
Community
This scholarship aims to recognise the efforts of students who give back to the community by providing an undergraduate Business or Commerce student with an open gift towards the costs of their studies at UOW Bega.
Open from 18/Mar/2020 to 17/Apr/2020During the weekend of December 19/20, as I attempted to enter our Fort Payne Wal Mart store, I was met by a large group of Biker Club member who were raising money for the Salvation Army, an organization which many folks support with donations every Christmas. Of the approximately 25 men who spread across the front of the store and both entrances, only 1 was wearing a mask to protect against spreading COVID-19 to others. When I was approached by one of these guys for a donation I asked where his mask was. He replied by laughing and making a joke. Very unsettling! [Later I made a donation to the one guy with the mask.]
Every health care organization – state, federal and private had strongly recommended the use of face masks as a preventative to the spread of Covid. This is no longer a theory – masks have been shown to work. And until we get access to a vaccine for most of our citizens, the only tools we have to fight off the pandemic are masks, social distancing and hand washing.
Wal Mart was originally quite good at enforcing the state’s mandatory face mask rules and social distancing in its stores. That ended this fall when they relaxed entrance requirements and the use of face masks inside the store. They put their customers at great risk when those recommendations and mandates were relaxed. Granting permission for groups like the bikers to assemble at store entrances without requiring them to wear masks in an indication of gross disregard for proven science, not to mention Governor Ivey’s mandate to wear masks in public.
It will now be very hard to justify shopping at the Fort Payne Wal Mart. I urge Wal Mart, for the sake of their customers, to immediately begin enforcing the simple rules we are having to live by these days. Until that happens, they make a mockery out of their professed pledge of offering customers a safe environment in which to shop. That is dangerous, shameful and unforgiveable.
Holley Midgley, Mentone,.I'm retired, how long will my savings last?
Are my current retirement savings sufficient?
How much Life Insurance do I need?
What are the tax advantages of an annuity?
Find out why it’s important to draw a line between business and personal finances, especially for credit, tax, and personal asset purposes.In individuals with coronary heart failure, diuretics are used to stop fluid buildup in the lungs. Though these could appear relatively mild, there may be an opportunity that these negative effects will be the results of excessive lack of nutrients through urination, and lengthy-time period, these unintended effects might be damaging. When taken in excess and for lengthy durations of time, your kidneys could turn into inflamed or swollen. As long as you are sustaining consistent contact along with your doctor and constantly monitoring the functioning of your kidneys and nutrients within your blood, diuretics should be protected. And generally too much of a diuretic effect could cause a affected person to turn out to be too dry as we say — that can cause dizziness and mild-headedness, and that may eventually, if it will get dangerous enough, trigger some dysfunction of your kidneys. Other negative effects embody dry mouth, extreme thirst, lethargy, drowsiness, restlessness, low blood pressure, abnormal coronary heart price, gastrointestinal problems (upset stomach, nausea, vomiting, abdominal discomfort, diarrhea), rash, dizziness, and headache. Human analysis on the diuretic results of dandelion root is pretty new, so the minimal effective dose will not be this high (indeed, most supplements have doses far decrease than this). Thiazide diuretics act on the distal tubule of the nephron by inhibiting sodium reabsorption. By focusing on these two particular electrolytes, loop diuretics stop water reabsorption. Regardless of this, for some individuals, diuretics are a method to attain much less bloating, less swelling, and better wellness by slicing down on extreme water retention.
Diurex Max is a pharmacological answer to bloating and extreme water retention. With that stated, diuretics do not just rid you of water weight, but additionally of excess sodium inside the body. There are a variety of natural diuretic supplements in the marketplace, each with their own strengths. “By benefiting from this pure system, we may be able to help make fats depots more metabolically healthy and potentially stop or treat obesity-associated diabetes,” says study leader Perry E. Bickel. 5. Started to make tentative plans for the backyard this year. Though typically discarded as a dependable solution for long-term weight loss, diuretics are well-liked amongst bodybuilders, wrestlers, fighters, and different athletes that need to make weight. The truth is, there have been many documented circumstances by which athletes began utilizing diuretics as a method of losing weight. During these instances, these athletes had been attempting to cut back their weight quickly as a way to take part in a sport that concerned staying inside a weight class (i.e., martial arts, wrestling, weightlifting). For wrestling, boxing, MMA, powerlifting, and different weight class-based competitions, you want a powerful diuretic with proven ingredients.
Nature Certain makes a diuretic that makes use of all-pure elements, but although the components are pretty stable, it’s less more likely to be efficient in comparison with lots of its rivals. Our high alternative, Tevare, not only provided scientifically confirmed diuretic ingredients but in addition included electrolytes to exchange those that may get removed during urination. Our high manufacturers embrace Chattem, Procter and Gamble, Johnson and Johnson, Hisamitsu Salonpas and The Hygenic Group Perform. When your physique experiences this situation, there is a likelihood that your symptoms will embody fatigue, muscle cramping, and affected heart functioning. If you are looking for a tried-and-tested foam roller then it is perhaps smart to observe the 2,500 Amazon buyers who have purchased and beloved the FitBeast 4 Piece Set for Deep Tissue Muscle Massage – especially as it is now on sale for just £17.Ninety nine (was £29.99). The sodium then takes water with it from your blood reducing the amount of fluid flowing via your blood vessels hence lowering blood pressure.
But Tedros acknowledged Wednesday that there had “been little change in the worldwide situations since then. However, there are lots of side effects related to diuretics which may be on account of misplaced water weight and elevated urination. Zhou Water Away suits the bill, combining vitamin B6, electrolytes, dandelion, inexperienced tea extract, and extra to drive out excess water. Within a number of days of taking a caffeine-containing supplement, there’s a dramatic decrease within the diuretic impact of the caffeine. The diuretic effect of caffeine is pretty small. Dandelion root, hawthorn, and parsley are scientifically confirmed to enhance kidney perform and enhance urine output, which is why you’ll discover them in all the diuretic merchandise on our list, together with Zhou and Huntington Labs. Several types of security officer jobs are available, including company secretary, radiologist, sales engineer, division supervisor, basic manager, private secretary, marketing supervisor, supervisor, flight attendant, network engineer, information analyst, radio jockey, authorized manager, hospital pharmacy, clerk , medical laboratory assistant, security officer, laptop instructor, electrical engineer, community security. By way of medications, there are three types of diuretics: Loop, Potassium-Sparing, Thiazide. What are the three types of diuretics? There are three completely different teams of diuretics, these embody thiazide diuretics, loop diuretics, and potassium-sparing diuretics.World Warrior 2018 - World Warrior Round 2 - Abigail vs Rugal[Toggle Names]
Description: The dark horse World Warrior, Abigail, continues his rampage through the tournament matches. But will he finally meet the end of the road in facing off against the legendary Rugal Bernstein?
[RUGAL]
Throughout the World Warrior qualifiers, Rugal Bernstein has been a gatekeeper of sorts. An undefeated monster of combat, he hosted battle after battle aboard the deck of the Black Noah, enduring Wolfgang Krauser's simple mechanics of the tracking watch because it rewarded with him with interesting encounters. Time and time again, the leader of the underground arms trading cartel known only as 'R' had demonstrated that while he may not be the hardest hitting fighter in the world, or the singularly most durable man alive, he did possess a formidable trifecta of strength, endurance, and precision technique honed over a lifetime of challenging the best the world had to offer.
And now he stands, occupying a slot in the Quarter Finals of World Warrior, his presence bringing a form of legitimacy to Krauser's spectacle yet also establishing an extremely high bar for performance for anyone hopeful in battling their way to the top of the tournament.
The Lord of War stands in the Exhibition Yard of Castle Strolheim, rest and recovered from the match conducted in the previous round against the incredibly durable Illuminati leader. The yard has seen better days, to be certain, as the dirt that covers the ground is speckled with blood, places in the walls have been smashed clean through. In some sides, this means open holes into adjacent structures, but on at least two walls, the gaps in the rubble open out into empty air and a long fall toward the cold lake down below.
Rugal himself is the picture of refinement. Among non fighters, he would be considered a very tall man, at six and a half feet, broad shouldered and powerfully built. But among the men of the fighting world, there are several that even he must lift his face to gaze into the eyes of. Consistent with his other appearances, Rugal Bernstein is dressed in a bold red suit, a white dress shirt with a black cummerbund at his waist. His hands are covered in fingerless, leather gloves, and a thin scarf hangs around his neck, dangling down from beneath the collar of his long suit jacket.
Blonde hair, neck length, sways in the chill European wind that surrounds the castle nearly all the time and a trimmed short mustache is situated over his mouth. But perhaps it is his right eye that is most curious. When looking at it directly, one will notice that it is not a human eye at all, but rather some type of condensed cybernetics with a red laser-fine LED visible when one looks directly into it.
As ever, he stands with an air of confidence. Unlike his battle with Urien, there is no thundering aura of barely restrained rage, no excessive outpouring of threat or menace, though those sensations still exist passively to some degree. The hour of battle has arrived once again, and Rugal Bernstein looks eagerly forward to what next interesting experience Krauser's tournament will provide him this day...
[ABIGAIL]
Well this has certainly been a strange type of 'Rags to Riches' story now hasn't it! From taunted freak-child with a girl's name to wandering vagabond with a love for cars to gang member to chief enforcer and top lieutenant of said gang to...jobless when the gang was dismantled.. Then to starting a business around his first love, turning it into a thriving business as he demonstrated idiot-savant levels of mechanical aptitude to..being..a world warrior?
So okay, it's a bizarre sort of rags to riches story but it cannot be denied that this approaching fighter has made his mark in this tournament and probably gained some fans from those who have been observing the spectacle of these fights.
Long before Abigail actually arrives, the ground begins shaking and trembling from the shockwave impacts of his footfalls. By the time he actually enters from the other side of the yard, the quakes are rumbling through the entire structure and dust clouds plum up from between the cracks in the stonework while additional cracks begin spreading through the ground as the behemoth arrives one body part at a time from the shadows of the halls leading out of the exhibition yard..
Massive chain links, normally used to tow large vehicles like semi trucks and military transports, are wrapped about his arms and they rattle loudly as he fully emerges within sight of the recording cameras. He lifts outrageously huge arms upward over his head while turning his fists away from each other. An audible creaking rumble resounds as his muscles inflate obscenely and creak towards ever more stupendous proportions, veins like firehoses standing out stark against his flesh, the flex actually sending a shockwave rippling out away from him. The enormous chains that were around his wrists abruptly shatter into countless pieces of metal as the arms beneath them harden and engorge ever larger. They were apparently just there for the effect of them breaking off.
"Yeaaaah!" he roars, He swivels at the waist, turning his body about so that the area and the cameras can get full view of his outlandish physique and outrageous proportions.
And crickets. Nothing. Oh yeah. There's no live audience.
Abigail keeps his arms aloft a few seconds longer and then sighs and drops them, visibly deflating, "..Hmm..this is more fun when people are around.." The monstrous mechanic brushes the remaining chain bits off of him as he strides further in, now approaching Rugal.
[RUGAL]
Considering the age of Castle Strolheim, no doubt it had to have been beset by sieges once or twice in its long history. But no amount of siege warfare could possibly endanger its foundations like the footsteps of the man striding out into the combat yard now. Throughout the rumbling disruption, Rugal Bernstein waits patiently. Prior to World Warrior he, like so many others, had never even heard of the giant who now approaches.
Throughout all of the veteran fighter's legacy of battle, he has faced all manner of opponents. Men and women of various builds, statures, and skillsets. Monsters from the world of shadows that have only recently come to be known throughout the world as Darkstalkers. Even beings from other planes who have stepped foot on Earth have found themselves challenged by the Tyrant of 'R'.
Yet through that long history of fighting, he has never once faced a man with Abigail's incredible build. Even before the ex Mad Gear lieutenant steps into the open, his cybernetic eye is feeding a stream of data into his mind concerning this unusual opponent. Stride, reach, recorded bursts of speed and mobility, and all manner of other statistics. Of course, data alone would be useless in combating someone like this... but when combined with Rugal's strength, instincts, and speed, it serves as just yet another piece of what makes the suit clad cartel leader so dangerous.
But for all his own imposing legend, the man still has to look up at the towering presence that is Abigail, saying nothing as he puts on the show of raw, unbridled strength by way of breaking massive tow chains simply by flexing his humongous muscles, metal links flying everywhere, ringing off the ground and walls.
Of course, there is no audience to impress, but the silent, still staring eyes of the mounted cameras throughout the yard. But as the metallic ringing sound of shattered chains finally dies down, it will be replaced by the slow, punctuated clapping of Rugal himself, his hands held in front of him.
"Impressive," the man speaks, his voice deep. "At last, I get to see you with my own eyes." Even if one of those eyes is not real. "You have made quite the stir among the fighting community. I find myself wondering, where you have been hiding all this time, Abigail."
The man pauses to tighten his gloves, first left, then right, "But this is hardly the time for idle talk. Come, you have my attention now. Show me the magnitude of strength that runs through your body. I must witness it myself, even if in the end, it is just one more record to be crushed by me."
Standing straight, the man adopts a relaxed looking stance that hardly seems to be one fit for fighting at all, one arm at his side, his other held in front of him slightly, fingers folding and unfolding one end of his narrow black scarf. Whether or not Abigail is a tactician, it would be impossible to discern what combat art his opponent this round even practices.
COMBATSYS: Rugal has started a fight here.
[\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ <
Rugal 0/-------/-------|
[ABIGAIL]
"Hey, thanks! You're polite. I like that! I thought for awhile I 'd just keep running into murderin' psychopaths screaming blood this and warrior that." Abigail finishes brushing off the last remnants of chain links from his body and then claps his gloved hands together, producing a cloud of dust and a loud meaty sound like that of a sledge hammer slamming into a hanging slab of massive meat.
"And not hiding anywhere. Just got books to balance.."
For his own part, Abigail does indeed study his opponent with a sharp appraising eye. While his ability to discern things is..suspect at best..his adventures in World Warrior have taught him well on under estimating opponents and in regards to the type of monsters that walk the world. Rugal's calmness in the face of a visual sight like that Abigail presents is something of note. It's enough to alert Abigail to the man's sense of surety and self confidence...
So of course this means the only course of action is to just charging right in! "You already ready! Well let's go then! I'm revved up with a full tank!" he roars while dropping to the ground into a runners crouch and then suddenly bursting forward at Rugal, dragging his immensity up from a angled position to nearly upright as his feet pound violently against the surface of the yard with echoing *BOOMS* at each thundering impact. "Vroom, vroom, vroom, vroom!" he bellows, revving himself up only to, at the last instant before bearing into Rugal, pivot, his billboard wide back flexing and filling Rugal's line of sight up before the goliath spins around and sends a single boulder-fist sized punch hurtling at imposing man. The air itself warps and distorts around the swing, sending wind whipping out wildly well before Abigail's fist threatens impact.
COMBATSYS: Abigail has joined the fight here.
[\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ < > //////////////////////////////]
Rugal 0/-------/-------|-------\-------\0 Abigail
COMBATSYS: Rugal blocks Abigail's Dynamite Punch.
[ \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ < > ///////////////////////////// ]
Rugal 0/-------/-------|-------\-------\0 Abigail
[RUGAL]
There is no initial show of force from the suit clad man, no flexing or pounding of fists to demonstrate the might he can bring to bear. For now, he seems content to let his reputation speak for him... of course, the thought that maybe the gargantuan brawler has no idea who Rugal Bernstein is has probably not crossed his mind.
There is a chuckle as Abigail mentions that keeps running into nothing but a chain of unpleasant fighters, "Yes, well... these trials of strength tend to bring our inner demons to to the surface. After all, what fuels men to endure such a journey as this if not a resolve that would seem inhuman to the average simpleton? I assure you, even our host has his dark secrets. Do you think to stand alongside the monsters in this tournament without becoming like them?"
He chuckles deeply again, "That would truly be a sight to see." Yet somehow he has made it this far, this titan of a man. And now he will be tested.
"Good." comes Rugal's laconic answer when Abigail declares that he's all revved up. The car related antics seem to roll right off of the veteran fighter. One can only imagine the personalities and eccentricities he has seen in all his years of battle.
He holds his ground as Abigail charges, showing no inclination to distance himself from the charge and major windup. Perhaps it would have been in his power to avoid the telegraphed swing all together, but then how would he know, first hand, the power behind Abigail's strikes?
Instead of evading, Rugal turns into the attack, pivoting his own torso as a mirror motion from Abigail, his own hand slamming out into the tremendous fist of the giant, palm smacking against the bare flesh of the massive hand, his feet shifting over the dirt to brace himself against the incoming force. His own arm flexes into the aggressive block, muscles flexing to answer the crushing force behind Abigail's swing, the sleeves of his jacket and shirt becoming taut as his arm strains slightly.
Even with his strength and flawless execution and footing, Rugal cannot entirely stop the momentum behind Abigail and the man's feet slip back away from the man by half a foot, shallow grooves left in the soil.
"Good..." he repeats from before, his voice more of a growl now. "GOOD!" he roars. The power behind Abigail's fist rivals his own incredible striking force. The technique may be readable and in need of refinement, but the power... /that/ promises that this will be a fight worthy of his time!
The man shows no intention of backing away or playing evasive with Abigail, instead twisting his torso to the left, his left fist coming into deliver a smashing blow against Abigail's chest. Feet shift deftly over the ground then as Rugal pivots into a full bodied turn into a follow up, second body blow, his right fist aiming to smash into the giant's rib cage.
His attack is aggressive and crushingly strong, executed in such a way that almost every muscle in his body is able to contribute to the force behind his blows. He may not have Abigail's stature, but with skill, he can strike just as hard if his blows are uncontested!
COMBATSYS: Abigail blocks Rugal's Fierce Punch.
[ \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ < > /////////////////////////// ]
Rugal 0/-------/-------|=------\-------\0 Abigail
[ABIGAIL]
"Heh, I aint no lunatic or freakzoid barely keeping his mind together." Abigail remarks, "But don't think that means I aint committed to winning a fight!"
Still he'll have to do better then this! Rugal may be impressed but it becomes clear that his strike was deliberately tested and the fact that his fist was met and halted by this man in such a capacity, pushing him back or no, says much.
"Strong!" affirms Abigail, "..I thought only that guy they call The Mad Dog could pull off a stunt like that.."
Rugal's strikes spin around - slamming into Abigail's body with force usually associated with blunt military grade weaponry. Abigail's muscles tighten, flexing against the impacts and absorbing their force which sends shockwaves rippling through his body and down into the ground, splintering it. His huge physique quakes - but remains immobile and Abigail continues speaking as if he hadn't been struck at all. Barely acknowledging the blows. "Looks like I"ll have to rev it up a notch!"
He leans forward, lunging after Rugal in the aftermath of the mans final strike while his own body seems to take on a reddish hue - muscles bulking up even larger and piling on mountains of sinew ontop of the mountain range that is his physique. Steam vents from his nostrils and ears as he pivots and spins, sending a back handed strike towards Rugal with enough whirling force to send a normal man hurtling into the distance upon impact. Abigail continues on, unstoppable and bigger by the second, his rotation ending with a second strike in the form of an upper cut following the path of action of his body, starting low and sweeping up with earthquake causing force.
COMBATSYS: Rugal blocks Abigail's Abi Twist.
[ \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ < > ////////////////////////// ]
Rugal 0/-------/------=|=------\-------\0 Abigail
[RUGAL]
The initial blows are traded, Rugal sliding back slightly, then twisting in to deliver twin body blows, sending kinetic energy smashing into Abigail's undefended body. Yet for all the power of his strikes, the giant seems unphased, a detail certainly not lost on the analytical fighter. He had just finished fighting a match against a man who embodied the strength of bronze and manipulated gravity itself to empower his multi-ton body to move... and in the end, he crushed even his invulnerable armor.
Abigail's body demonstrates no such superficial plating, yet his muscle mass seems to absorb the hit nearly as effectively. There is a grunt of acknowledgment from the blond martial artist as his fists fail to budge Abigail. It seems another approach will have to be taken to crack this shell.
"Do not so idly dismiss the power of rage, Abigail." Rugal chides, lifting his left arm in preparation for the incoming wild backswing, his right hand bracing against it. "Imagine what you could do with your build if you were to tap into it."
Once more, a tremendous exchange of force takes place, Rugal being dislodged even further this time as he is driven back by the momentum of the massive trunk-sized arm that swings his way. Teeth grit as the man comes to stop, his guard once again secure in keeping him safe from the threat of Abigail's formidable power.
"One might think by not fighting with anger that you are only holding yourself back."
How can he possibly accuse him of holding back? The steam, the muscles moving with such tension that they are heard to stretch, like steel cables being flexed to move a massive weight, the sheer heat just from being close to the man who seems to be growing larger by the moment. Does he detect even greater potential in Abigail if he would but fight like an enraged animal?
Rugal steps back in close to Abigail without hesitation, fearless in the face of such titanic power. How many people can he possibly face in his life that make him seem small by comparison? Regardless, he takes a different approach with his strikes now, fingers held straight out, taking on a knife-hand form...
And when he strikes, it is with a flurry of speed, alternating right and left, his hands spearing in then pulling out quickly, aiming to pierce Abigail's undefended flesh with precision, strength, and speed. Seven blows all in an instant, each targeting a different location, making defense a challenge, and perhaps finally carving into that durable body of the giant.
Blunt force is not the only weapon in Rugal's arsenal, after all.
COMBATSYS: Rugal successfully hits Abigail with Strong Punch.
[ \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ < > //////////////////////// ]
Rugal 0/-------/-----==|==-----\-------\0 Abigail
[ABIGAIL]
The ex-Mad Gear titan knows rage and fury though he's, perhaps, restricted its use in comparison to the past. This thought isn't lost on him, nor are Rugal's words. Strange...they aren't to dissimilar to what Belger sensed and fed into the behemoth when he first met him. Abigail was younger then..and smaller even, what with him perpetually getting bigger, but...some things you don't forget.
A light frown dances through his eyes though his teeth remain gritted in the euphoria of battle. Rugal is perceptive enough to see it though. Looks like he struck a nerve - and then some! As the blows drive in they find vulnerability. The behemoth unable to compensate for the speed of the attacks and so relying strictly on his body's ability to weather the assaults to see him through. The final knifing strikes ripple across the goliaths frame and he knows quite instantly that Rugal ha struck well as pain externally and internally wracks his body.
But it simply drives him onward and he grits his teeth, staggering forward and then closing the distance while clenching his massive hands together.
"Alright! If you insist!" he roars, "Let's pile it on towards the redline!"
fingers the size of tree branches interlock as Abigail lunges forward bringing a double fisted strike hurtling around and up at Rugal as if a boulder had just been fired from a cannonball.
COMBATSYS: Abigail successfully hits Rugal with Hammerblow.
[ \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ < > //////////////////////// ]
Rugal 0/-------/--=====|==-----\-------\0 Abigail
[RUGAL]
Drawing his hands back, flecks of blood falling from his fingertips, Rugal continues to remain in close proximity with Abigail. It doesn't seem to be a defensive strategy, as if he's trying to fight inside the giant's ideal fighting range to keep him from being able to strike with all his formidable power or to make himself harder to hit. He simply appears to be driven to fight toe to toe with the behemoth, as if taking Abigail's sheer stature as a living challenge to his own strength.
He will NOT back down to this unique opponent!
The cost of staying so close is communicated clearly when Abigail's fists come crushing upward, slamming into Bernstein with bone jarring force, clipping against his muscular chest and smashing against his jaw and cheek, knocking the man back solidly for once, his feet leaving twin grooves in the soil before he comes to a stop meters away.
The Lord of War's hand lifts to wipe against his mouth where a trick of blood slips from the corner of his lips, but even as he does so, the bleeding seams to stop, the small crack in his skin knitting before Abigail's eyes.
His response to the solid blow at last landed is a throaty laugh, the man sounding legitimately amused. "You are but a shadow of your true potential. Power and brawn you have in abundance, but technique... skill... you have not even begun the journey toward mastering your strength yet here you stand, numbered among the World Warriors. You are truly an interesting specimen."
He begins to stride forward then, his right arm erupting with a burst of brilliant, white energy that whips around his arm like a vortex of visible wind. "But there are more measures of strength than pure physical magnitude. No matter how brutally strong you can swing your fists or shrug off another's blows, there will always be others who find a way to break through...!"
His pace quickens as he closes the distance, winding back before slamming his fist forward, aiming to drive the wind chi powered strike directly into Abigail's armor-like sternum and dischage all that pent up energy at once!
COMBATSYS: Rugal successfully hits Abigail with Gravity Smash.
[ \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ < > /////////////// ]
Rugal 0/-------/=======|=======\-------\1 Abigail
[ABIGAIL]
Abigail's own body seems to be recovering at a pace far beyond that of a normal human, the bleeding stopping and the bruises slowly being recolored towards that of his rugged normal skin color.. but it's nothing quite like what Rugal just demonstrated and the behemoth squints his eyes and peers at that display while settling his broad jaw into a frown.
He then visibly bristles as the comment about his lack of technique and the piecemeal nature of his combat style - if one can even call it that - is once more brought out by the eye of a more brilliant, insightful and savvy warrior. It's a repeat of a common critique he's heard time and time again since entering this tournament and a few times without it. His ego burns and so taunted, he begins to stride forward. The first signs of his Mad Gear rage returning as the force of his steps begin rocking the ground .. But then Rugal is upon him in barely the blink of an eye.
"What the-" Abigail barely gets out before throwing his arms up to try and block the assault that knifes down towards him in a brilliant arc of energy. It's to little and to late. The blast wave rips into him and down into the ground. The explosion of force resounds through the training yard. Sending a brilliant white flash of light and a plume of dust flowering up into the sky as the ground cracks and sunders. Abigail is briefly lost to sight and the sound of his cry of pain muffled by the roar of the explosion. The roar that follows isn't quite so muffled though.
The roar that follows isn't quite so muffled though. No words or quips his time. The cloud blasts apart, as the behemoth now airborne, closes in on Rugal, leaning back and driving two suspension bridge cable like legs towards the master warrior. His feet jut out, filling up Rugal's field of vision like the fury of a run away semi truck bearing down on him as the goliath roars in with a dropkick capable of unleashing seismic devastation upon impact.
COMBATSYS: Rugal just-defends Abigail's Ontario Drop!
[ \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ < > ////////////// ]
Rugal 0/-------/=======|======-\-------\0 Abigail
[RUGAL]
Drawing back his right arm, fist still clenched tightly, the energy that previously whirled around his limb having been discharged into his opponent, Rugal stands up straight, his expression a mask of neutral analysis. His observations of the titan's power seem to be born of honest assessment. Surely, the man who ever seeks a true challenge to his might finds himself wondering what it would be like to face someone like Abigail who had also mastered their technique for decades of their life... could such a juggernaut be defeated even by him?
Now is now the time for words, however, his punch delivered and his ability to defend against a full bodied attack from the largest fighter in the world put to the test. When he first guarded against Abigail, he struck back into his blow to stop it. The second time, he simply braced his arms against the thundering force of his backhand.
This time, however, Rugal moves with fluid skill, stepping into the drop kick, arms raising, hands moving to manipulate the free fall force of the massive man, deflecting the downward velocity to the side just enough that, when matched with his swift footwork, puts Rugal safely out of the path of Abigail's falling attack.
That flawless defense puts Bernstein in prime position to counter attack, however, putting on no show of being merciful enough to allow Abigail back to his feet before his sweeps out with his own foot with a crushingly strong low kick before Bernstein's leg continues on up over his head and then drops down in a fierce axe kicks from above, aiming to smash his heel against Abigail's chest.
From defense to attacking seems to happen in one contiguous flow of movement, the master finally displaying more of that finesse his years of dedication have brought to his art. "You have humbled many remarkable fighters this tournament, but your rampage through the ranks stops at me." Rugal declares with unwavering confidence.
COMBATSYS: Abigail auto-guards Rugal's Double Tomahawk.
[ \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ < > ////////////// ]
Rugal 1/-------/=======|======-\-------\0 Abigail
[ABIGAIL]
Seisographs back in the city proper are triggered as Abigail slams into the ground, having wholly and fully missed his prey and instead the weight of his body thundering like a toppled tree into the badly punished ground of the training yards. Added to this force is the fury of Rugal's counter strike which upends the titan once again before he's able to right himself and then ends with the kick axing down like a guillotine right for the top of the goliaths chest.
Again the ground caves inward, forming around an Abigail sized depression as the force of the blow pushes the behemoth downward by several feet and ripples out a visible shockwave away from the two titans.
And yet Abigail barely blinks. A last second bulking of his physique, his hue turning beet red, his torso so immense that from the ground up to the top of his chest one would have to measure the distance in feet and the durability of the titan such that he literally no sells the strike in a brief moment of defensive clarity in the potential of his superhuman body. Just a quick burst..but enough to sell the vision of invulnerability and then to snatch his huge hand up for Rugal's outstretched leg.
"It aint over yet! We're just now entering the last lap!" he roars before grasping and attempting to yank and upend Rugal ..and send the man slamming around violently in repeated impacts around the giant before he releases him.
COMBATSYS: Rugal interrupts Repeated Slams from Abigail with Genocide Cutter EX+.
[ \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ < > ///// ]
Rugal 1/----===/=======|=======\====---\1 Abigail
[RUGAL]
Urien certainly had weathered a storm of attacks from the masterclass brawler, but he had never been able to shrug them off in the same capacity Abigail seems to be able to accomplish simply by flexing his body. With individual muscles larger than some living people, pulling them taut is enough to withstand direct kinetic force even from Rugal Bernstein himself, and as his heel bounces off from Abigail's body even as he drives him back into the ground to crater it, leaves the man reeling for a step.
Teeth grit as Rugal stands his ground, having resolved early on to never back down from the titan's apocalyptic strength, but to face it head on, with technique, strength, and speed. This resolve leaves him within reach of Abigail, the giant's hand clamping down over the Lord of War's left leg.
For all his height, skill, and power, there is nothing Rugal can to do to keep from being hefted up off the ground, his own dense muscle weight nothing in the arm of Abigail. The result is a successful slam of the suit-clad man against the ground on one side, his shoulder scuffed and jarred, a grunt escaping his lips.
It's when Abigail tries to haul him for additional slams that Bernstein explodes into a flurry of counter violence, hellbent on providing an instructive lesson as to why one should never grapple with the master for long.
With his left leg held, he uses it as a fulcrum to launch into his attack even as he's being pulled up, his right leg scything out and up with enough force to tear a swath through the air.
"Genocide-"
Of all his incredible arsenal of violence, this one is held in a special place above the rest. In the process of executing it, he cannot help but to shout its name, to make sure the name for his Signature Technique echoes in the ears of those he cuts down with it. Almost none have been struck by it and been able to keep standing afterward!
His force of motion breaks him free even if his left leg is wrenched in the process, his right leg continuing his ascent, trailed by dark red chi that has taken on the form of razor edged blades of chi. They slice through air and flesh with unstoppable inevitability, drawing on power far beyond the chi most men are able to manifest.
"Cutter!"
One last upward sweep of his right leg, one last slash of that atomic thin reaping sickle of chi trailing behind his foot, before Rugal falls back down toward the ground to land on his feet.
The man appears calm, his right arm lifting to clamp down on his left shoulder... then with an audible pop, snapping his shoulder joint back into its socket without so much as flinching. Given his composure and lack of stance in that moment, it would appear he considers the match all together settled now.
[ABIGAIL]
"Nnarrrrgghhhh!!!" roars Abigail with the cry of a wounded bear or some other beast of burden taxed to its limits as the dark chi rips through the earth and into him - lifting him up from the ground with the rising torrent of force that knifes him backwards, head over heels and tumbling back earthwards again, a fleshy asteroid with an appropriate impact once he touches down.
His goggles sunder from his forhead and additional chain links go flying as the energy rips through him with a sense of finality that doesn't even grant him the opportunity for another automotive based quip. A rare act indeed.
He touches down on his back, sending a shockwave rippling through the yard as he rolls backwards, threatening to flip over end over end, eyes squinted shut in shock and bloodied pain ..
And then they suddenly snap open, pupils dilated to pinpricks as one final ounce of rage burns through him. He will not be underestimated.
The stamina surge roars him forward and back to his feet as he kippups back to a crouching position and then roars forward towards Rugal with a final strike effort pushed by speed that actually blurs his body from sight briefly. His massive palm comes hurtling down at the war god, intending on slamming into him and into the ground with such force to throw him off balance and then to reach for him again with both hands for a continued assault should the first even land---
COMBATSYS: Abigail can no longer fight.
[ \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\ <
Rugal 1/----===/=======|
COMBATSYS: Abigail knocks away Rugal with Abigail Special.
[ \\\\\\\\\\\\\ <
Rugal 2/<<<<<<</<<<<<<<|
And it does! Abigail's massive fists haul Rugal upwards and then release him. By some force of his own, perhaps chi, it's almost as if Rugal slams into a ceiling that isn't present and Abigail's boulder sized fists begins raining into him with ever increasing earthquake causing force as the war god was little more then a speed bag punching him like a boxer in a gym. Several blows from the right, and then the left and then the right again as the goliath roars out, "ORA ORA ORA ORA ORA!!!"
With each blow the area shakes more and more until finally Abigail rears back and sends his huge palm hurtling around to come slamming for Rugal with a final strike fully poised to send the master of fighters hurtling away if he's unable to right himself in time. The impact a resounding *BOOOM* that shakes the yard..and then is followed by another one as Abigail's legs give out from under him and he drops down to a bended knee and a crouched position - battered to the point that even with this last strike he cant possibly go any further. "Ugggh!"
[RUGAL]
Rugal had spoken of the potential of Abigail's rage, of the sheer menace that the titan unchained could be like were he to fight that way all the time. And it seems he will be granted his desire to see just a glimpse of what that would be like as the runaway locomotive comes smashing in on him for one last assault.
Already, Rugal is lifting his right hand, bent at the elbow, palm out toward Abigail, as if anticipating the path of the larger man's swing with the intent to force it aside or to come to a complete stop as he had at the onset of the bout. But for once, he has misread Abigail's intention. He wasn't coming in just to swing wildly at him - he had purpose behind that reach, that high angled overhead slam was designed for something else entirely.
No, not to punch.
To demolish
Bernstein slammed by the massive had, the force causing even he to stagger back, a plume of dirt exploding up around as the shockwave of such kinetic force lands true.
It leaves him vulnerable to the aftermath, of being hefted with crushing force then subjected to an avalanche of blows. Each one individually would be fight-ending against many fighters in the world, and even the tyrant of 'R''s body is furiously rocked beneath the relentless storm of impacts.
The final massive palm strike does indeed send Rugal flying, hurtling toward the wall facing the lake, toward one of the gaps broken in it from a previous match. If the man was pushed even an iota further, perhaps he would have tumbled through it to the water below, but instead Rugal's hands snap out, securing a hold on both sides of the gap, brickwork shattering beneath his fingers as he pulls himself back into the yard while his black scarf swirls down through the open air out of sight.
Teeth are bared as he begins to stalk toward Abigail then. His suit is disheveled and filthy, the price to be paid for dressing up for battle, to be certain. Blood seeps between his teeth and from lacerations on his cheeks, jaw, and forehead. His shirt is torn open, bruising visible on his muscular chest beneath it.
Reaching up, the man rips the jacket from off his shoulders with one cloth rending wrench as he continues to march directly for Abigail, a look of intense ferocity in his eyes.
But when he comes to stop next to the giant and finds him not rising to his feet, he pauses.
"You fought well."
His human eye closes while his cybernetic one continues to scrutinize the aberration that is Abigail. "If we were aboard my vessel, I should think you had earned a place in my hall of legends with such a showing, yet... I find myself wondering even still if you will climb further toward your potential. I believe I would rather wait and see that day come than reward you now."
The man brushes his soiled white shirt in a futile effort to make it a little more presentable, before turning to stride out of the yard.
"Until then, Abigail."
COMBATSYS: Rugal has ended the fight here.
Log created on 22:44:46 03/09/2018 by Rugal, and last modified on 04:37:22 03/10/2018.HOW ARE YOU DOING TODAY?
These last several weeks have hit hard, and I don’t know of anyone who hasn’t been affected in some way. I want to reach out to you today and offer some validation and encouragement.
In case no one has asked you lately, how are you doing, friend?
These past couple of months have been a shock to the system, to say the least. I’ve seen so many emotions floating around my social media feeds, conversations with friends and family, and with my clients.
Fear. Exhaustion. Confusion. Anger. Loneliness.
But also…
Hope. Renewal. Strength. Compassion. Love.
Have you felt any (or all) of these…maybe even in the same hour?
Do you feel like you’ve seen a mix of both the best and the worst of humanity lately?
The message I want to share right now is simple.
Be kind to yourself. Be kind to others.
Be patient with yourself. Be patient with others.
Give yourself grace. Give grace to others.
None of us have ever dealt with anything like this before (unless you’re over 100 years old and lived during the Spanish Flu pandemic…and in that case, call me because I’m giving you a free session!).
We’re all navigating new waters, and many of us are scared and experiencing loss in our own ways.
Loss of a sense of security. Loss of a job or significant income. Loss of loved ones and the inability to hold a funeral. Loss of anticipated milestones like weddings, graduations, or career-defining events.
People are experiencing anxiety in ways they never thought they’d have to before.
I know this is true for me. I’ve worried about if I’ll ever get to hug my grandparents again, or be there for my sister as she has her first baby this summer. Will our mom be able to be there for her grandchild’s birth?
Even in the midst of uncertainty and upheaval, remember — there is hope, renewal, strength, and compassion.
How can you show these to yourself and others today? How can you give yourself and others extra love today?
If you’ve lost your temper with your kids, partner, or even someone you disagreed with online, it’s okay. Don’t beat yourself up, and give yourself grace to move forward.
If you feel like everything is still surreal, you’re definitely not alone. Even after all these weeks, I have MANY moments when I wonder if this is just a bizarre dream.
(Moms, one quick word to you — if you’ve got glitter Play-Doh and pink toothpaste ground into your carpet, and those sticker charts or homeschool schedules just don’t work anymore, it’s okay. We’re all winging it and doing our best).
You’re not alone. You haven’t failed.
You’re loved. You’re worthy. There is hope. Things will get better.
**If you or someone you know needs to reach out for help, text HOME to 741741 for free 24/7 support, or visit.Serena Williams’ behaviour in Saturday’s US US the apologize.
Ings once issued a warning, point penalty and a game penalty against McEnroe at the 1987 U.S..”
(Reuters/NAN)I'm rather new at this, and have enjoyed reading many of the postings. I'd
like to know Vince's terra sig recipe. My passion is firing in a downdraft
barrel kiln and naked raku. I first burnish and then coat the green clay
with terra sig. The result is amazing. Thanks, Taaffe in San Antonio
On 7/14/06 10:54 PM, "Taaffe Caton" wrote:
> I'd
> like to know Vince's terra sig recipe.
Here's Vince's site:
Scroll down to the terra sig. link to a very specific process of creating
it.
-- William "Bill" Schran
Fredericksburg, Virginia
wschran@cox.net
wschran@nvcc.eduPersonal debt quantities at Castle Payday start at and run when .
Unmistakably, limited the amount that is complete the greater level of about the program will likely be accepted. With regards to true blessing price and funds size, nearly all of the cover debts are evaluated in just day. Should your palace mortgage Payday ask will get approved, you’ll probably become funds within three agency period financing below dollars might e financed quicker even .
Might they getting safe and sound to utilize Castle cash loan? What really does without a doubt hawaii definitely web palace unsecured guarantor mortgage?
It really is safer. This boasts a guaranteed website guarded due to the newest L way. If you should be predisposed to know about protection tips of palace Payday, view the terms of great make use of web internet internet site webpage about the net that is proper using this loan company. They boasts about the agonizing and fine information connected with a consumer is actually put and never ever delivered to 3rd applications. What this means is that once you enter your own Castle payday loans online hook up to websites, the entire group of offered information we come into will not jeopardized by anybody. Despite all of the overhead, we recommend one to examine Castle payday advances product critiques in advance of taking that loan this is certainly pay check this seller. Men and women regarding the net declare that the financial institution carries with-it an extremely negative customer service and intensely highest interest levels. Consequently, utilizing brand-new palace payday cash improvements is hazardous if you’re not ready to repay the debt in expected time frame.
This financial institution is not recognized for the reason that the greater Bureau a prominent me providers this is certainly nonprofit has a rating. They enjoys over one hundred undesirable stories from purchaser and lots of other stuff than issues. Predicated on some answers, customer support is and pricing is genuinely . Palace Payday fairs far much better on . One will discover almost clients recommendations, together with qualities a good get mentioned before . moreover to Castle Payday reviews at , group cannot stand unhealthy customer satisfaction as well as highest interest rates. , one will discover evaluations which are normally enough include favorable. Numerous individuals valued rapidly money some time and safe demands. To close out this section, we must carefully suggest individuals to research palace pay check funding conditions and terms prior to finalizing the contract. This financial institution provides generally detrimental ranks, however it is a solution this can be practical those people that have actually bad credit rating exactly who quickly require money.
Exactly how create we move?
You will have to supply appropriate personal data if you want to submit an application for a payday loan with this financial institution despite most of the unfavorable palace pay day loan on line score
That will be certainly it a consult probably will to get evaluated by Castle opportunity within an hour. We’ll have the funds within three times when it’s going to get approved.
What is the financing definitely common with an online payday financing via palace time borrowing products?
Summary on Palace Payday Loan day
Castle month is literally home financing that will be unbiased, that provides payday progress with flexible payment occasions. The program type is clearly without complications practically anyone will have the ability to use some dough right here. In many cases, finances receive within three team time or maybe more quickly, that is quite easily. You will get about usd with re re funds because of over period.
sadly, rates of interest of Castle payday improvements are in reality very high. They’ve been generally useful penny approximately nearly cent. Into the finish which best you need to give back more cash set alongside the number you grabbed. Discover with that efficiently amount that will be a large number of evaluating user analysis whenever determining whether you ought to use this loan provider.. !!!!!
Your first flight commonly referred to as the “Introductory Flight’’, is a very exciting experience! Your instructor will give you a general overview of the airplane as well as how the flight controls work. Once in the plane, the instructor will guide you as you take the controls and prepare for takeoff! Once in the air, you’ll venture out towards Jones Beach to catch some breathtaking views of the Fire Island. Your instructor will then guide you through the steps of basic aircraft maneuvering before returning back to our based airport. For most people, it ends up being the best minutes of their lives!
Perhaps the most important element in successfully learning to fly is sheer desire. Once you’re ready to invest your time and effort in learning to fly, it’s time to go ahead and take the first steps.
A pilot logbook is a record of a pilot’s flying hours. It contains every flight a pilot has flown, including flight time, the number of landings and types of instrument approaches made. Pilots also log simulator time, as it counts towards training.
The aviation industry is full of technical terms you will have to know. We have prepared a list of these terms /help/terminology so you can study them before starting our school.
You’ve already completed the first step. Making the decision that you want to pursue flight training is the most important step. However, before you fully invest your time, effort, and money it is recommended that you take an “Introductory Flight” in order to experience what it’s like to fly in a small airplane. After this, you will know for sure whether or not flying is for you.
Unfortunately, there is no definite answer to this question, nor should anyone start their pilot training with this question constantly lurking in their mind. Everyone learns differently, and there is no way around that. The regulations only require a pilot applicant to complete 40 hours of flight before taking the practical test. However, a more realistic average is about 65 hours of flight time.).
You can find the nearest medical examiner through search the FAA database here: AME Locator. There are three types of medicals: Classes I, II and III. Student and Private pilots only need a Class III medical and student pilots much also request a student pilot certificate when scheduling the exam.
It depends. For most student pilots, an aircraft such as a Piper Archor or Cessna 172 is probably the most suitable, although there are a number of other aircraft that can provide an excellent introduction to flight while offering reasonable operating costs.
There are no age restrictions, however, participants must be at least 5 feet tall.
We suggest flying a minimum of 2-3 times a week in order to progress through your training efficiently. Our schedule allows for a customize-able schedule which allows you to choose your own class times and pace!
To be an airline pilot you will need to hold an Airline Transport Pilot rating, however, there are a few steps to take before you get there!
Below we have outlined the most common way that we see people reach their airline pilot goals!
PRIVATE- First you will need to get your private pilot license. This allows you to rent an aircraft and go fly when the weather is looking good!
INSTRUMENT- After your private pilot rating you will get your instrument rating. This adds on an extra level of safety by teaching you how to fly in in-climate weather and through clouds with no reference to the ground. During your instrument rating, you will also learn how to fly on a flight plan and shoot approaches to an airport in low visibility situations!
COMMERCIAL- The next step is to get your commercial rating. This rating allows you to fly for hire, however, you will not have enough time or experience to be able to go fly for the airlines yet. At this point, you will have about 250 hours worth of flight time.
CERTIFIED FLIGHT INSTRUCTOR- Your flight instructor rating allows you to teach others how to fly while building your hours toward the airline minimums (1500 hours).
AIRLINE TRANSPORT PILOT- After building up your time as a flight instructor, you can get hired on by an airline that will then pay for your airline transport pilot ratings and give you a type rating in the aircraft that they fly. You will need 25 hours of multi-engine time prior to being hired on at the airlines which most people acquire either after their commercial as an add on rating or as a flight instructor in a multi-engine aircraft..
General Aviation airplanes are built to rigid federal specifications, and our airplanes are constantly checked and rechecked to make sure they are both mechanically and structurally safe. People who fly are safety conscious. Safety is the most important word in aviation vocabulary and is the basis for all of your training.
An aircraft engine is a piece of finely built machinery that is designed to keep running. In the unlikely event of an engine failure, however, a plane does not just fall out of the sky. The airplane will descend slowly in a glide…just like a bird that is not flapping its wings. The procedures for dealing with these kinds of scenarios are thoroughly taught throughout your training.
The number one reason we cancel flights is because of excessive wind, which is also the most difficult weather events to predict. Often, cancellations will occur within a few hours of the flight reservation. Our instructors are very good at understanding aviation weather reports and they want you to experience the best of aviation with good visibility and smooth air. If the weather won’t play nicely with us, the representative will call to let you know and help you to reschedule the flight. a lesson, we will make an entry in the pilot logbook. If you don’t have a logbook, we will provide you with a basic one.
Yes, you can bring your phone and cameras for the flight.
You will be given a headset to wear.
Unfortunately, headsets are not included in the tuition.
It depends. For most student pilots, an aircraft such as a Piper Archer or Cessna 172 is probably the most suitable, although there are a number of other aircraft that can provide an excellent introduction to flight while offering reasonable operating costs.
It can normally be completed in 6-10 hours of training. It will also comply with the requirements for the Flight Review. There is no minimum number of hours required or a formal FAA written exam. There is an Oral/Practical Flight Exam with a Designated Pilot Examiner.
We suggest flying a minimum of 2-3 times a week in order to progress through your training efficiently. Our schedule allows for a customize-able schedule which allows you to choose your own class times and pace!
If you have been accepted and are coming to our office, here are the things you should bring with you. First of all, everyone will need to bring a laptop computer OR an iPad (or tablet of a similar size).
You should also bring all pertinent documentation, which includes:
Domestic Students:
Passport or Driver’s License and Birth certificate;
Current Medical certificate;
Copy of FAA license, if applicable.
Our instructors are active airline pilots who work with the simulator on their days off. The best way to meet/chat with an instructor is to book a lesson online or by calling us.The main reason behind this Best Escort is that their bodies lose its ability to produce hormones that control the sex drive. It's a fantastic idea to have sex every now and then.
The best way to take care of the fact your partner does not have sex is to inform them that you have no interest in sex. The one who does not enjoy it will usually need to do something to relieve himself of the issue. Once this problem is solved, they might have the ability to relax. Men who look for escorts always want to talk about sex.
This is not a problem. You can have a fantastic time during the two hours of conversation about Virginia Back Escorts Blonde the things you enjoy most in life. There are lots of men who like to listen to a girl talk about her love life, she has to be one of the most popular options for escorts.
If a girl loves the concept of becoming an escort, she may feel comfortable giving her opinion Back Woman Seeking Men VA on the services provided by prostitutes. You might be asking yourself why plenty of folks seem to prefer escorts and call girls over prostitutes. Well, the difference between prostitutes and escorts can be summed up in two words - Back Escort Virginia difference in attitudes.
The two prostitutes and escorts have problems and you may be easier to fix than the other. Prostitutes are seen as whores by most people.
The word whore Escort Back s itself has nothing to do with prostitution, but it describes the condition of being a person Virginia who is given to making money from sex. They tend to be a look like a slut because of the way they dress or in fact because of the way they feel, which is worse than most people imagine. Prostitutes have their own standards and culture.
Some are sexually active. Call girls are free to come and go as Call Girls Back they please.
Their availability is limited and they accept only men and not women. They are usually well-educated and have high levels of self-esteem.
Call girls can be very alluring and they make very good companions for a man who's looking for companionship. What makes escorts and call girls different from prostitutes is Date Check Escort that escorts and call girls are seen as sexual beings instead of being seen as sex objects. Lots of folks prefer to Virginia Local Call Girls Near Me feel inadequateat night. Call girls are more relaxed at work and most have no problems going home after work.
Escorts are more disciplined and they be sure they get home safely. A whole lot of guys prefer the companionship provided by prostitutes, which is not easy to locate with call girls.
Many prostitutes are in touch with johns and they are happy to accept such clients. They don't refuse a john and frequently turn Black Back down johns, making them better companions for a man.
Most individuals get attached to call girls as they can speak to them in depth. There is more chance that a person can figure out how a girl feels when she's talking to a man face to face rather than through a phone.
One can also tell how she really feels about a specific subject from the way she talks to VA Find Local Call Girls Escort s not a real boyfriend.
A john will have to follow his heart and go looking for escorts and call girls on his own. The time you spend with a john can make a big difference to Back Scort your status as a prostitute. This is because you can use the time to figure out if a john is just a john or a real relationship. You can use this time to find Virginia out how comfortable the john is with you.
It Massage On Back may not seem important or important but once a john has decided that he wants Escort Backs to get to know you, you will need to be sure that you stick to your guns. This means that you will need to stick to your agreement and do not go back on your word to a John.
Whether you agree with a john or not, there are certain things that you shouldn't do with him. The differences between escorts and call girls Virginia is an important distinction that plays an integral role in deciding whether to use one or another.
While both offer services for money, they differ greatly in their product offerings and client base. Call girls are generally less experienced and haven't had time to build up their clientele. They could be experienced in some or all the aforementioned services.
Needless to say, these characteristics are Back Cities typical of many prostitutes. But, escorts are more experienced and have taken time to develop their business model. Because of this, they're better equipped to meet the needs of their clientele.
Prostitutes often have extended family members or friends that they ask to contact them in their behalf. When selecting an escort, you are searching for somebody with a background in the sex industry. A legitimate call girl won't have any relationship with Virginia Back E family or friends. Sex industry education is another aspect to consider when choosing a prostitute.
Most call girls and escorts are still in their twenties and thirties and therefore are less experienced in the sex industry. Many have been working as prostitutes only a couple of Are Back Girls Real years and aren't experienced enough to help you establish a relationship. This means that you have to be ready to spend money and time establishing a relationship.
Many escorts and call girls will try to employ johns while waiting Back Like for customers to come in. This can be a potentially bad situation. By way of example, if the client has already contacted some of the other prostitutes he or she'll likely have some prior knowledge of some of the women in the special group.
Escorts and call girls should always be cautious Virginia about this type of situation and ensure they're all at a safe distance from the john. You should ask each prospective John about their customers to make sure they're honest about how many clients they've ly been to.
There are ways to guarantee the safety of a specific girl, White Girl Back like requesting that the john bring her money beforehand. Moreover, you should give the john a listing of recommendations. This includes not only the name of a friend or relative but any names that might ring a bell.
Also, be certain that the john comprehends the area code so that you are able to communicate with each other in the event of an emergency.
No Backpage Escorts Front Royal | Blackpages Escorts BelmontYour broswer java script is blocked
For Individuals
FInancial Professionals
Talk to them to see how they may benefit from American Pathway SolutionsMYG.
*10-year initial guarantee rate period is not available in New York.
Annuities are long-term products designed for retirement.
Retirement accounts such as IRAs can be tax deferred regardless of whether or not they are funded with an annuity. The purchase of an annuity within an IRA does not provide additional tax-deferred treatment of earnings. However, annuities do provide other features and benefits.
Withdrawals may be subject to federal and/or state income taxes. A 10% federal early withdrawal tax penalty may apply if taken before age 59½ in addition to ordinary income tax. Partial withdrawals may reduce benefits and contract value.. AGL does not issue products in the state of New York.
May not be available in all states and product features may vary by state. Please refer to the contract.
Contract #s: AG-SPDA (6/17), AUSL-SPDA-M (7/17), USL-SPDA-M-DP-AP34 (7/17)).AMAZING
and the delivery team did an epic job 100%
Loved our Little Cabin
Thank.
More informationMy thanks go to every musician who puts thought to song, without you there would be no website. If you are in the readers selection for the New Year Ninety 2015 or not – please keep creating, you do make the world a better place.
30. Rolin Humes (Croatia)
29. Universal Thee (Scotland)
Back to Earth – Universal Thee is available on iTunes.*
27. Seaside Sons (Scotland)
Out of Time – Seaside Sons is available on iTunes.*
21. Torn Beloved (Canada)
Torn Beloved – Torn Beloved is available on iTunes.*
If you would like to support Emerging Indie Bands in day to day running costs, please send a donation through our paypal account via sales @ emergingindiebands.com
*Purchases made through the iTunes links will result in Emerging Indie Bands earning a commission. … [Read more...] about The Childcare Crisis: Attracting and Retaining Early Childhood Employees at Bright Horizons®
Back to School for Preschool and PreK
ALL NEW! Ways to Play Every Day: August Activity Calendar for Preschoolers
It’s already August! This month’s free printable Ways to Play Every Day Activity Calendar for preschoolers has all the activities you need as summer winds down and the school year kicks off. The first two weeks reinforce letters, numbers, shapes, and colors. The last two weeks focus on practicing self-care skills and prepping for returning to school. ALL NEW! Ways to Play Every Day: August … [Read more...] about ALL NEW! Ways to Play Every Day: August Activity Calendar for Preschoolers
GUI102: Conflict Resolution in the Early Childhood Environment-ChildCare Education Institute Course Review
As early childhood professionals, our readers know that effective strategies for conflict management are required in operating a quality early learning program. While it is important for all early childhood professionals to have tools when conflicts arise, it is even more important to guide children toward the social and emotional skills necessary for resolving their own conflicts. The … [Read more...] about GUI102: Conflict Resolution in the Early Childhood Environment-ChildCare Education Institute Course Review!
Help Ease Nap Time Struggles with Preschoolers
WeAirports, Ports and Logistics Top Athens Transport, Infrastructure Meet Agenda
Ways to tap into the expansion of combined transport and upgraded infrastructure were explored during the 1st conference on “Infrastructure and Transport in Greece: Prospects for Development” held in Athens on Wednesday.
The event brought together executives and stakeholders from the wider combined transport industry (airlines – airports, railways, express delivery – logistics, shipping and public transport), who explored the opportunities for growth in the transport sector due to the privatization and the further liberalization of the market, given the upgrade of the country’s road, air, rail and port networks.
Highlights included efforts to transform Athens International Airport (AIA) into an international hub, which according to AIA president Dimitris Dimitriou has seen passenger traffic rise by 60 percent over the 2013-2016 period, and is now serving 107 international destinations in 51 countries.
Cosco, meanwhile, also has plans to convert Piraeus into a gateway and product distribution center for Europe, the Middle East and Africa, also aiming to boost container volume by 35 percent by 2018.
Goldair Group, with a strong presence in tourism and transportation, is aiming to focus on logistics.
“Logistics are evolving into a ‘star-sector’ of the Greek economy, mainly due to the geopolitical position of the country, and the two ports of Piraeus and Thessaloniki,” said Goldair Group Executive VP Kallinikos Kallinikos, adding that the development of the Thriasio freight center is a strategic investment for the Greek economy.
Kallinikos noted that the Thriasio is the first facility in Greece to handle combined transport, linked to the port of Piraeus, but also to the trans-European rail and road transport network Ten-T.
Greek railways operator Ergose announced that the Tithorea-Lianokladi-Domokos section will have been completed by 2018, while the Kasteli airport project on the island of Crete, was also moving ahead, officials said.
The conference was organized by Greek websites ypodomes.com and metaforespress.gr.Drifting the Mercedes-AMG E63 S wagon looks like loads of fun
We want in
Right, so wagons are people carriers meant to cover long distances in the utmost comfort for those inside. Except the Mercedes-AMG E 63 S estate can also drift, besides doing all the things a luxury wagon is supposed to do.
And yes, as you might know by now, it takes a gimmick called Drift Mode that changes the ways of the AMG Performance 4Matic+ all-wheel-drive setup into RWD for the driver’s pleasure, but that doesn’t make the whole experience less enticing.
Sure, there’s the issue of making your passengers feel the urge to puke, but our advice is to head to a nearby track - preferably your family should be watching from the stands - and play with the Drift Mode rather than trying it on public roads.
Which is kind of what Carfection’s Henry Catchpole did. Even more, he clearly explains what one has to do to activate the Drift Mode, so you’ll also learn something new in the process.
READ MORE: The Mercedes-AMG GT 63 S 4-door Edition 1 is waiting for your orderSCOTTISH BORDERS, UK — It’s not Punxsutawney Phil that decides when the seasons change -- it’s the angle of the sun as the earth tilts on its axis. A relatively new type of photography captures every second of the sun as the angle rises from solstice to solstice.
It’s art, astronomy and meteorology combined into one type of photography called solargraphy.
“You’re seeing the seasons and how the sun moves across the sky which is really what solargraphy is all about,” said Sam Cornwell.
He said each streak of light on a solargraph is a picture of the sun as it moves across the sky over a whole day, and all the streaks together are about six months of continuous sun pictures.
These solargraphs are also full of meteorological data. The spaces or breaks in the lines are actually cloudy days or cloudy weeks.
Many solargraphers choose to shoot from solstice to solstice to capture the entire trek of the sun through the seasons, but they can also be as short as a week, or they can be longer than six months. Some solargraphs show 5-10 years of exposure.
A six-month exposure from solstice to solstice will reveal the low arcing winter solstice at the bottom, and the height of the sun angle at the summer solstice at the top of the image. Spring would be somewhere in the middle.
Cornwell said solargraphy is a relatively new type of photography compared to other disciplines. He said a trio of polish photographers are usually credited, by most solargraphers, with its invention in 1999.
Solargraphs can't be shot with a smartphone or a DSLR, or even a GoPro. Since the iris has to be open for several weeks or even months, a pinhole camera must be used.
A tiny hole punched into an aluminum can works best.
Instead of film inside the camera, it’s photographic darkroom paper.
This type of photography takes a lot of patience. To take the shot, strap the can to a post pointing south, uncover the pinhole, and then just wait about six months.
“When you reveal that piece of paper and take it out, suddenly several things click in your head, how it works and how simple it is," said Cornwell. "To do with optics, to do with light, to do with the seasons, to do with how earth moves.”
Cornwell has become a solargraphy junkie. He's even created his own line of pinhole cameras he calls the Solarcan. He builds them at his home workshop in Scotland and ships them anywhere in the world.
"You can easily do this yourself, but I don't want having to build the camera to stop someone from trying solargraphy," he said. "And the Solarcan comes with the photographic paper already sealed inside."
Cornwell recently took the first-ever solargraphy timelapse he calls the Solarcan Matrix.
“Understanding yourself and the way the world works a bit better is a really good feeling and helps you make sense of the world,” he said.
SUGGESTED VIDEOS: Science is CoolHi All –
I haven’t posted in the past few months and wanted to provide an update. I had spread myself a little too thin and need to truly focus on my primary business and growing. One decision I made was to transfer ownership of another startup I owned to a family member. The lesson to me was I cannot run two companies at once and truly push them both forward to their maximum potential. This doesn’t mean I will not start other ventures, only that I need to ensure my primary company and passion stays healthy and continues to prosper.
This lesson can also be applied to our personal lives and relationships. Projects, sports, television, and our smartphones are a compelling distraction from our primary source of happiness – our self development, family and friends – they deserve our primary focus.
So on to things that I’ve been doing.
- The Good
- I was award a patent on my neti pot design and it is now for sale on Amazon. Yeah for me! If there is enough interest, I will post on the patent process and how to get your product prototyped and into production.
- My Federal Contracting Business, A2 Federal, Inc., continues to grow by partnering and pursuing prime opportunities.
- I completed and was approved by the Veterans Administration for certification as a Service Disabled, Veteran-Owned Small Business.
- I’ve completed the submission process for 8a certification. I will provide information on the process on a future post.
- The Bad
- I couldn’t run two companies and transferred ownership to a family member.
As always, continue to move forward everyday both professionally and personally!
With Love and Respect,
Gary'Pickin' This Week: The Osborne Brothers
- Details
- Written by Barry Graham
- Category: Featured - Radio
- Published: 21 April 2021
The Osborne Brothers are featured on this week’s Pickin' on WHRV.. Sonny and Bobby Osborne broke into the Bluegrass scene in the 1950s by working with Bluegrass greats Bill Monroe, Red Allen and Jimmy Martin. By the mid-60s they had repeated chart success with songs like “Once More” and “ Ruby Are You Mad.” Their 1967 hit “Rocky Top” became the Tennessee official state song in 1982. Sonny has since retired but Bobby continues to perform. His 2017 CD Original was nominated for a Grammy for Best Bluegrass Album. Hear the music of the Osborne Brothers on Pickin' on WHRV, Sunday night at 7:00 on WHRV.
You can also listen online.Wanted to “look outside” of the Gold/Silver complex for potential clues about basic metals and maybe the economy. Below is a current snapshot of Palladium.
Palladium is facing Fibonacci 50% retracement resistance at the top of a rising wedge and a potential double top. The strong rally in Palladium has taken place during some decent declines in the U.S. Dollar!
Should the bottom of the wedge break, a message from outside of the Gold/Silver complex would most likely be at hand for the basic materials complex!we can write and manage blog for you website. you can express your thinking, opinion, points by writting blog.
Blog Services
website blog one of the best way to promote you own website. you can write blog at vary of website and promote your own website. There are so many website which allow you to express your opnion on a particular topic.
we write blog on behalf of you at very low cost. we can write blog on daily basis, weekly basis, monthly basis or you can customize according to your need.
Follow The Money: Why Russia Is Triggering The U.S. War Machine (Video)
Russia recently announced plans to abandon the central banking system, in exchange for a gold-backed currency, which puts the Kremlin on a special list with nearly every country the United States has gone to war with this century. Why isn’t anyone talking about this?!
Do you remember that one time the U.S. government worked hand-in-hand with the mainstream media to convince you that we needed to invade Iraq because Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction.
Well, that was a lie, but what was true was that Iraq dropped the US dollar in 2000. The US then invaded the country and overthrew Hussein in 2003.
Then in 2009, Libya’s Gaddafi dropped the US Dollar in an attempt to create a gold-backed African currency to compete with the Western central banking system.
The US overthrew Gaddafi in 2011.
Syria’s Bashar al-Assad dropped the US dollar in 2006, which just happens to be the same year the U.S. and its allies began discussing plans to overthrow Assad.
While Assad is still in power today, we can’t say the U.S. hasn’t gone out of its way in an attempt to overthrow him. From arming so-called moderate rebels, to destroying the region with a barrage of airstrikes, the US may have been able to achieve its goal if it wasn’t for one super power standing in the way… which brings us back to Russia.
It’s no secret that the mainstream media is used as a tool to push propaganda for the US government. If you look at every foreign leader the US has overthrown in this century, you will see a correlation between military action and the negative media coverage used to justify it.
In 2017, Russia, China and Iran are the current offenders, i.e. countries that have realized the value of a gold-backed currency, and that are acting accordingly.
The United States’ foreign policy is much greater than just who is in office, and the best way to predict which country will feel the wrath of the U.S. war machine next, you just have to follow the money.<<
Let’s get the light of exposure into a more concentrated focus, like narrowing this down to the actual smaller groups or individuals that make these horrendous decisions, instead of just blaming it on our nation and military. We need to get at the movers and shakers that are the actual decision making entities and then focus down on them with everything we can muster up. We can start with the psychopath, criminal Central Bankers. Vermin hate exposure.Peanut Butter & Jam Squares
Disclosure: I am a member of the KraftHeinz #WhatsCooking crew As such, I receive compensation for discussing things like Peanut Butter and Jam Squares. All opinions about the level of deliciousness are my own.
Peanut butter, for most people, brings back fond childhood memories. For many, the first cookies we made were the 3 ingredient ones from the side of the Kraft Peanut Butter Jar. These PB&J Squares wrap all of those memories up into a hand held bit of nostalgia.
The original Kraft recipe calls for strictly smooth peanut butter. In this case, I’d say these kitchen experts have no idea what they’re talking about. Crunchy peanut butter is clearly the way to go. In all seriousness, I haven’t met a peanut butter recipe where smooth or crunchy can’t be interchanged seamlessly.
The batter is exceptionally thick and sticky – just what you’d expect from a good peanut butter. Be prepared to press it into the pan with your fingers or a spatula that has been sprayed with a non-stick spray.
The jam can be a bit tough to spread, especially if it has been in the fridge. Heating it for a few seconds definitely makes it easier to use. But remember: that’s mostly sugar in there. Don’t heat it longer than 10 seconds at a time before stirring to check for consistency.
Drop the top layer by spoonfuls, similar to the method you’d use for the top of a biscuit-topped cobbler. Don’t worry about the bits of jam still peeking through – things will sort themselves out in the oven.
Peanut Butter & Jam squares
Ingredients
- 1 1/2 cups all purpose flour
- 1 tsp baking powder
- 1/2 cup butter, room temperature
- 1/2 cup Kraft Peanut Butter Crunchy is Definitely the best
- 1 cup brown sugar, packed
- 1/4 cup granulated sugar
- 1 egg
- 1/2 cup strawberry jam
- 1/4 cup peanuts, chopped optional
Instructions
Preheat oven to 350 F
Line 9X9 pan with parchment, enough to hang over the sides. Set aisde
Using an electric mixer, cream together butter, peanut butter, and sugars
Add egg and baking powder. Mix well
Mix in flour
Press approximately 2/3 of the batter into the bottom of the lined pan
Spread jam on the batter base
Drop remaining batter evenly across the top of the jam
Bake 40 minutes or until just cooked through
Allow to cool before lifting from pan to cutA mother proudly displays her baby boy to us at a local covered food market in Chengdu (Sichuan province) in China.
Read more about our visit to Chengdu and to the Chengdu Panda Breeding Research Center.
©With the rise of various e-commerce sites, 72% buyers rely on online reviews before purchasing any product or service. Online review statistics show that 85% of consumers prefer to buy products from sites with reviews and users trust 12 times more on customer reviews than description given by product manufacturers. Reviews are the third most significant factor used for the ranking of e-commerce sites by Google. Facebook reviews statistics reveal that every four out of five users rely on local business having positive reviews. However, one negative review may adversely impact 35% of customers. Twitter statistics showed that the reviews shared through tweets in 2019 increased the sale by 6.46% on e-commerce sites (Galov et al.,2020).
With the remarkable rise in the social media content in the past few years, there arises a need to analyze this online data to enhance user’s experience which will further lead to an improvement in the local and global business of the e-commerce sites. Due to the availability of annotated datasets of product, movie, restaurant, reviews, etc. the researchers are developing various supervised learning approaches in recent years for extracting useful patterns from the online content. Although the supervised learning approaches are found to be quite useful, they suffer from the curse of dimensionality due to the generation of ample feature space from the vast amount of online content. The selection of relevant and non-redundant features from the extracted features have shown to achieve promising results in terms of accuracy and time.
The chapter will provide a theoretical and empirical study of different filter (Yang & Pederson,1997; Chandrashekhar & Sahin, 2014) and wrapper (Zheng et al.,2003) based feature selection methods for improving classification. The filter-based feature selection methods rank each feature based on the correlation between the feature and the class using various statistical tests. The top-ranked features are then selected for training the classification model. However, the filter-based methods are computationally fast; they result in the selection of redundant features. To overcome this drawback, wrapper-based feature selection methods such as Recursive Feature Elimination and Sequential Feature Selection are employed in this study. They evaluate each feature subset based on its performance on the classifier. The selected features in wrapper methods are more relevant and non-redundant as compared to filter methods, thus leading to better performance of the classifier.
The first section of the chapter will introduce elementary Natural Language Processing (NLP) tasks related to online review classification. An insight into a few tools used for scraping data (Mitchell, 2015) from online review sites will be covered in this section. The reviews posted on these sites are generally noisy and contain misspelt words, abbreviations etc. To handle these issues, pre-processing of reviews (Kowsari et al.,2019) is required which convert raw data into an appropriate format for the implementation of the machine learning model. Few parsing techniques such as Parts-of-Speech (PoS) tagging and dependency parsing are the primary tasks required for extracting opinion from the review in applications such as Sentiment Analysis (Liu, 2012), Named entity recognition (Hanafiah & Quix, 2014) etc.
After pre-processing of reviews, there is a need to represent each review document into a learning vector for designing any machine learning model. The section will also provide a review of elementary feature representation models used in various applications of text classification (Ahuja et al., 2019) such as Term-Frequency (TF) or Bag-of-Words (BoW) and Term Frequency- Inverse Document Frequency (TF-IDF) (Qaiser & Ali, 2018). However, these schemes are easy to implement; their negative aspect is that they ignore the position of feature and its semantic relationship with other features in the given review document. This issue can be resolved by using the model (Uchida et al.,2018) that converts document of the given corpus into low dimensional embedding vector using deep learning and neural networks-based techniques. The Doc2vec model for representing feature vectors will also be covered in the section.
Unsupervised Learning: In unsupervised machine learning algorithms, the model learns from unlabeled data instances by finding the similarity or association between them.
Filter-Based Feature Selection: It filters irrelevant features from the extracted features on the basis of their association with the output class.
Wrapper-Based Feature Selection: This method selects the most useful and non-redundant features from the extracted features on the basis of their performance on the classifier.
Supervised Learning: It is machine learning algorithm in which the model learns from ample amount of available labeled data to predict the class of unseen instances.
Deep Learning: It is a subarea of machine learning, where the models are built using multiple layers of artificial neural networks for learning useful patterns from raw data.
Feature Selection: It is used to select appropriate features from the available data for improving efficiency of machine learning algorithms.
Semi-Supervised Learning: It is a machine learning algorithm in which the machine learns from both labeled and unlabeled instances to build a model for predicting the class of unlabeled instances.The climate talks in Glasgow are just days away, and may be the last chance to coordinate global efforts to stop the planet warming beyond 1.5℃ this century.
More than 100 world leaders will attend the summit to try to agree on the details of crucial issues, such as timetables to deliver on emissions reduction commitments. So which countries hold the cards?
Well, the nature of these particular climate talks make it less likely one or more states – regardless of their power or contribution to climate change – will determine the summit’s success. But this wasn’t always the case.
In 1997 Kyoto Protocol talks, all developed states needed to agree on targets, timeframes and what could be included or excluded from calculations. This meant Australia was able to hold the agreement to ransom by threatening to withhold support, unless demands were met.
In 2009 talks in Copenhagen, the plan was to develop a new post-Kyoto Protocol agreement, based on new binding emissions targets. The reluctance of China, and even the United States, ultimately prevented a new agreement being reached.
Organisers of the Paris talks of 2015 learnt their lesson. Rather than aim to agree on a fair allocation of responsibility across almost 200 countries, organisers allowed states to develop their own nationally determined contributions – targets for reducing emissions.
But unity in Glasgow is still crucial
While the success of the Glasgow summit doesn’t depend on a consensus across all participating nations, there are three big reasons international cooperation is still crucial.
First, the summit serves as the default target date for nations to articulate new emissions reduction commitments since the Paris Agreement. States will also need to agree on the next deadline for updated national climate targets.
Second, it will determine commitments from wealthy countries to finance developing states’ transition away from greenhouse-intensive development like building new coal stations, and manage unavoidable effects of climate change, such as more severe and frequent disasters.
Perhaps most fundamentally, the clock is ticking on an effective response to climate change, with serious doubts already over the feasibility of limiting climate change to 1.5 or even 2℃: the goals of the Paris Agreement.
So, who are the key players this time around?
United States
The US is the second largest contributor to global greenhouse gas emissions. As the world’s largest economy, it plays a crucial role in influencing pricing signals relevant to greenhouse emissions, such as energy markets, and facilitating agreement on transferring resources from developed to developing countries.
Since stepping into office, the Joe Biden Administration has demonstrated a significant commitment to international climate action, promising to cut emissions 50-52% from 2005 levels by 2030 and announcing a plan to double funds for developing countries – up to US$11 billion by 2024.
The big question is less about its ambitions, which are on the table, and more about whether the US can convince others to do more. This clearly applies to countries reluctant to take stronger action like Australia, but also to countries where bilateral relations have been less friendly: principally China.
China
China looms as possibly the most important state for the Glasgow talks: it’s the world’s largest greenhouse gas emitter, the world’s largest producer of coal and the second largest economy in the world.
While we’ve seen promising signs with a commitment to net-zero emissions and to no new coal-fired power stations abroad, we’ve also seen no new emissions reduction target since Paris and no confirmation President Xi Jinping will attend the summit.
Official sources suggest cooperation on climate action can’t be wholly separated from broader relations between states. This raises the prospect that China’s deteriorating relations with the US – over human rights, the South China Sea and Taiwan, for example – pose a key impediment to Chinese ambitions and, therefore, to global climate action.
For China, it’s arguably important not to be seen bowing to international pressure, which seriously complicates effective diplomacy from states eager to see strong action.
United Kingdom
The UK is the host of the Glasgow talks, and host states always feel some sense of ownership over these summits. They also develop formal conference “priorities” that influence the focus of negotiations and criteria for their success.
We’ve seen the UK’s diplomatic efforts through its role hosting recent international summits and consistently raising the issue in bilateral talks. It has also announced one of the world’s most ambitious climate targets: a 78% reduction of emissions from 1990 levels by 2035.
Given the recent mishandling of the COVID-19 crisis and Brexit, Prime Minister Boris Johnson will be under serious pressure at home to ensure the talks are a success.
Russia
Russia has been a belated and apparently grudging participant in the last two major international climate agreements. The Kyoto Protocol only entered into force when Russia eventually ratified the agreement in 2004 – some seven years after signing. Its ratification of the Paris Agreement was similarly belated.
Russia is one of the top five greenhouse gas emitters and among the world’s largest oil producers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has consistently downplayed the risks of climate change, with Russia emerging as the most vocal opponent to discussing the security implications of climate change within the UN Security Council.
But there are some positives in the lead up to Glasgow. Putin announced a new climate strategy in June, and enacted new climate laws in July. Meanwhile, reports suggest Moscow is considering both a net-zero goal and a new emissions reduction target.
Arguably, Russia’s position will tell us much about the momentum behind international climate action.
India
As the world’s third largest greenhouse emitter, India is a de facto leader of developing countries concerned about sustainable development and the costs of climate action.
We’ve seen no new targets from India since Paris in 2015, even given its commitment to invest in renewable energy since. Most recently, we’ve seen Indian leaders focus on the importance of wealthy states funding any transition away from fossil fuels in the developing world.
Ultimately, the capacity to secure Indian support for key Glasgow initiatives will depend on whether developed states are willing to reach into their pockets to finance an energy transition.
This article has been corrected to note that Russia is among the top oil producers, not the leading oil producer.
Matt McDonald has received funding from the Australian Research Council and the UK's Economic and Social Research Council“The Dallas Frost.”
The phrase can be used sometimes, however I’d never noticed it before we got in Dallas in May. Perhaps it’s the metropolis’s best-kept hidden — a phenomenon stuck in the stereotypes of water, cooking pot, technology, and grunge tunes.
It’s the notion that members of Washington might be wonderful towards your face and gives to find collectively, but once the time comes these people won’t follow up. Possibly they’ll soul we. Perhaps they’ll terminate two hours before your own projects, offering to reschedule. But you’ll never get feedback from these people once more.
Municipality Dictionary puts it further bluntly, mentioning the Freeze “concludes a good number of Washington residents as snobby, cool, unfriendly people who have a fake-polite outdoor.”
Translation: a worst nightmare for an extrovert from Kentucky.
However, Seattle are a city of transplants. I realized i possibly couldn’t be the only guy the young age selecting buddies in an unfamiliar place. Just how may I find them if Washington friendly events say don’t fulfill people’s face while I walk down the sidewalk and give a wide berth to small talk with cashiers?
The clear answer had been simple: Bumble BFF.
Bumble was actually established as a matchmaking software in 2014. Just what distinguished it looking at the online-dating equivalent Tinder got that females in heterosexual meets could message boys for starters, and when they can’t within 24 hours, the complement would disappear completely.
Subsequently, Bumble is continuing to grow immediately and extended to foster other kinds of dating: friendships (Bumble BFF) and business links (Bumble Bizz). The corporate, which gone community in February, furthermore had headlines not too long ago when it launched their very first brick-and-mortar cafe and granted their 650-person workforce a week to recharge.
I used to ben’t alone. Inside primary ninety days of 2021, the common length of time allocated to Bumble BFF increasing by 44% for females, as indicated by a structure route magazine report. They evolved 83% for men.
Developing a visibility on BFF ‘s almost exactly like the internet dating adaptation, but using different prompts. We published a biography, overflowing inside Zodiac sign and related my personal Spotify, thinking that since Nirvana was a student in the leading specialists i might gain details with Seattle parents. (i did son’t.) We made sure to add pictures of me personally using my partners at home, to indicate likely newer associates I have a track tape of relationship.
Traditional a relationship applications have actually conditioned just the right swipe for “yes” and leftover swipe for “no” for amazingly quickly, and, frankly, superficial — depending only on appearances and prompt gratification. I quickly knew that to effectively see contacts, this sort of swiping will never cut it. You have to read the bios.
I inquired the good friends I’ve generated the application just what their common enjoy might, as well as some talked about the exact same thing: repeated bios. This is true — a large number of note are new to Seattle, loving brunch and trekking.
I was able to hook up to the family I created based around distinct tidbits they invest their particular account. This way, I could find considerably particular subject areas besthookupwebsites.org/escort/cincinnati/ to fairly share and had been more likely to keep going a conversation. I additionally found commonality with women who were in Dallas for an internship — nearly all who, like me, came from the easterly section of the nation and left their house- and college-towns.
I fulfilled people to search Dallas taverns and dining with; stroll river 22; have frozen dessert; get bookstore looking; plus. Everyone we achieved from app we learn once more.
It actually was useful to learn concerning spots the two call homes, like WI, Minnesota, and Canada. Bumble BFF served make “freeze” a great deal less freezing knowing other folks happened to be encountering they, as well.
Though it’s diminishing, absolutely still a stigma around encounter consumers on the web. Partners whom encounter on internet dating software commonly laugh about creating an elaborate, phony origins facts, nevertheless’s not clear if it societal convention happens to be extended to friendship meetups too.
The commonest responses my personal Bumble relatives so I have when individuals consult the way we found is actually, “That is proven to work?”
The parts no one wants to learn would be that as with any relationship, your can’t be expecting instantaneous results. You must be willing to be patient if delivering emails, careful in reading through profiles, and you’ve got to arrange a moment to fulfill — and also you can’t deactivate, or halt friends out. You get up whatever you place in.
They helped to recalling that anybody is using the application for the same motives, and despite the “ice” of being brand-new in a major city and that has an introverted community, I could to acquire an excellent sense of neighborhood with the additional transplants using technology.Here are our FULL results from the St. Christopher’s Horse Show held at Swan Lake Stables in Littlestown, PA!
Blue Monday and Ashley Foster were USHJA 2′ Hunter Champions
Carlot and Gen Cullen were Adult Amateur Younger Hunter Reserve Champions and were 4th in the Adult Hunter Classic
Stepping Stone and Alexis Mozeleski were Reserve Champions in the Pre-Adult Hunters
Chime and Ashley Foster were 2nd in the Green 3′ Incentive
Basalt and Mary Lisa Leffler were 3rd in the $5,000 USHJA Hunter Derby
Candidate and Katie Triatntos were 3rd in the Jr Hunter Classic
Axtrex and Natalie Pearce were 5th in the Childrens Hunter Classic
Intrepid and Elle Hogan were 6th in the Jr Hunter Classic
Good Reason and Caitlyn Hill were 3rd in the Pony Hunter Derby, 7th in the Pony Hunter Classic
Gen Cullen won the Ariat Adult Medal
Emma Wagner was 6th in the Gittings Medal
Alex Koscelnik was 7th in the Gittings Medal
Captiol II and Bari Friedman were Low Jr/AO Jumper Champions and were 8th in the Low Jr/AO Jumper Classic
Casilla and Katie Triantos were Reserve Champions in the High Childrens Jumper Division and 2nd in the Childrens Jumper Classic
Stardust and Ashley Foster were Reserve Champions in the 1.30M Jumper Division and were 6th in the Open Welcome
Carlzon and Katie Triantos were 2nd in the Low C/A Jumper Classic
DA Vittoria and Dawn Vileno were 2nd in the Adult Jumper Classic
The Winter Soldier and Tess Madnick were 2nd in the .80 Stake Class
Angelina and Lia Nathan were 6th in the .90 Stake Class
I Dottori VD Richter were 7th in the $25,000 St. Christopher’s Grand Prix and 5th in the Open Welcome
C’Est Le Vie and Jen Mehalko were 8th in the Low C/A Jumper Classic
Allimet and Bethany Frick were 11th in the Low C/A Jumper Classic
AND
Ashley Foster won the Style of Riding Award in the $25,000 Grand Prix
WELL DONE everyone!!DIM COMPANY GmbH
DIM COMPANY GmbH is a young, modern and certified company that is characterized above all by its dynamism and passion for perfection.
Our name stands for quality and competence for individual solutions in industry, commercial construction. In addition to around 2000 m² of land with its own production hall, experienced specialists in various areas are available for you.
Our offer includes:
- Planning and execution of structures made of steel and metal
- Provision of specialist staff in the event of staff shortages.
AT A GLANCE
OUR SPECIALTIES
PERSONNEL SERVICES
Personnel services are understood to mean the entire range of services relating to the recruitment, deployment and release of personnel. In contrast to the service based on a work contract, only the working time of a certain qualification is rendered as a service. Whether targeted at peak times or long-term personnel support – we are happy to help you with our qualified specialists.
However, despite the fact that the questionnaire was in Thai, there may be some Thais who’re illiterate and therefore not capable of answer the questionnaire. This is a cross-sectional research utilizing a postal questionnaire to all Thai ladies (18–64) in two Swedish regions, who immigrated to the country between 2006 and 2011. Univariate analysis – frequencies and percentages – was used to explain and conclude variables and examine thai mail order brides the patterns within the information. Bivariate analysis was used to seek out out whether there was an affiliation between the variables. Talk to eachother in regards to the emotions you’ve when you’ve calmed down. Try to compromise, don’t be egocentric and be as trustworthy and open as attainable. When speaking try to start your sentence with “It makes me really feel, when…”.
Phanyawadeeworks for Civic Women for Peace, a neighborhood women’s group in Songkhla, Yala, Pattani and Narathiwat. This group is working on offering providers to girls and children within the Southern Border Provinces and advocating on gender responsive peace building approaches to public insurance policies.
Medical doctors should work for 3 years in a authorities hospital as a form of internship after graduating from six years of medical coaching in Thailand. Daonapa,a women’s neighborhood leader from the same area confirmed that rural communities are extra resilient than city communities by means of meals safety and community participation. During such difficulties when many are confronted with no revenue, it’s seen that families with out there homegrown merchandise are struggling less than others who must purchase meals to survive. However, this doesn’t apply to girls in rural communities who don’t have possession of land. UN Women also coordinates and promotes the UN system’s work in advancing gender equality, and in all deliberations and agreements linked to the 2030 Agenda. The entity works to place gender equality as elementary to the Sustainable Development Goals, and a extra inclusive world. The datasets generated during and/or analysed in the course of the present examine are not publicly out there because of that the information concern personal relationships of specific delicate character.
At worst it’s seen as an extension of a red-light transaction, an change of youth and wonder for money and safety. The that means of girls’s expertise of residing with long-term urinary incontinence is powerlessness. As we mentioned earlier than, the gender roles are often quite clearly defined for Thai women , and when courting one you may want to concentrate to certain etiquette. The outlook is not bright for most of these younger ladies, and it is considered one of the realities of life for some females in a still-developing Asian country. Due to Thailand’s profitable campaign within the AFC Women’s Asian Cup, the Football Association of Thailand announced that they may give extra investments so as to construct Thailand’s first Golden Generation. In 2015 FIFA Women’s World Cup Thailand was drawn into group B together with host Germany, Norway and Ivory Coast.
All of them are severe about finding a companion from one other nation. Relying on online courting, they register on the platform and get in touch with foreigners. The physicians advised more coaching applications to update their understanding of the vaccine; and adding the vaccine in affected person document guide to include influenza vaccine as a half of routine ANC services.
However, these girls are also confronted by hiring discrimination and gender inequality in relation to wages because of being “concentrated in lower-paying jobs”. Thailand’s government has become a major supporter of Foxconn because it hopes to be a future “EV hub” and increase its EV share in total capacity to 30% by 2030 by incentivizing local manufacturing. Associate professor Dr. Somporn Rungreangkulkij is a director of WHO CC Center for Research and Training on Gender and Women’s Health at Khon Kaen University. Her analysis focuses on using gender to understand women’s and men’s psychological health. Thailand pledged in 2016 to develop a national screening mechanism to establish these in want of humanitarian protection and, in December 2019, formally permitted the screening mechanism’s institution.
If requested, interviewers also updated the respondents about additional support from native well being authorities. In conclusion, our examine highlights the situation faced by physicians in their local context together with data to formulate strategies aimed at improving influenza vaccination prescription by physicians and acceptance by pregnant women. Most physicians knew that MOPH beneficial influenza vaccine for pregnant women (431; 74%) whereas a smaller quantity understood that pregnant ladies were one of many prioritized groups for vaccination (374; 65%). Almost two thirds of physicians (363; 63%) deemed the MOPH suggestions related to influenza vaccination of pregnant women as unclear. Respondents had a imply age of 38 years (range, 24–77 years), with a median of 13 years in medical practice (range, 1–49 years). A majority of the respondents have been male (327; 56%); educated as obstetricians/gynecologists (303; 52%); and had greater than 3 years of medical follow expertise (428; 74%) .
To achieve the aim of “healthcare on equal terms”, policy makers and health professionals must include Thai immigrants once they plan well being promotion efforts and healthcare interventions. Since Thai ladies coming as presumptive partners aren’t offered a free well being examination, as refugees or asylum-seekers are, it is related to analyze their information and use of Swedish healthcare providers. Migration from Thailand to Sweden has elevated threefold during the last 10 years. Today Thailand is doubtless considered one of the most typical nations of origin amongst immigrants in Sweden. Since the yr 2000, new HIV instances are additionally extra prevalent amongst Thai immigrants in comparability with different immigrant nationalities in Sweden.
And we believe everyone deserves entry to correct independent coverage of their group and state. Our readers helped us continue this protection in 2020, and we’re so grateful for the help. Everyone thinking about Thai singles relationship can create a personal page and fill it in with private particulars similar to age, location, courting expectations, and habits. To make a profile more intriguing amongst others, folks addContent their high-resolution photographs emphasizing one of the best options. The place provides individuals with the Like characteristic, winks, and stickers. All these capabilities make your dialog more emotional, letting you forget about the distance.
It is not polite to kiss in the streets, it will make your Thai mail order bride feel uncomfortable. The opinion of a family is essential in your Thai mail order bride. When it goes about rendezvous and household creation, Asians are very conventional. This is the first fact, which ought to be kept in thoughts, when mingling with a Thai woman.
Your associate fell in love with you for a cause and it’s not the snarling, controling, yelling, overreacting woman you possibly can turn out to be due to jealousy. Whenever you’re feeling the burning want to turn into the hulk count to 10 and attempt to put issues in perspective.
Today, Thai women may be found in government and leadership positions in each area of activity, including enterprise, training, charity, non-governmental organizations, civil society, and naturally, politics. Thailand has also been active in selling the position of girls in society. The Observatory for the Protection of Human Rights Defenders was created in 1997 by FIDH and the World Organisation Against Torture . The goal of this programme is to intervene to forestall or remedy situations of repression against human rights defenders.
Similar issues also led some physicians in our examine to discontinue recommending influenza vaccines altogether. [newline]We surveyed over 600 physicians offering care for pregnant girls and found that just one in four physicians truly really helpful vaccine to pregnant women though most Thai physicians have a positive angle in the direction of influenza vaccination. Understanding elements associated with Thai physicians’ decisions to suggest influenza vaccine to pregnant girls is crucial as a end result of physician recommendation of influenza vaccine is a key consider Thai pregnant women’s decision to get vaccinated during being pregnant . Several studies have shown the positive associations between social capital and health outcomes [18–23], measured as self-rated health and mental well being. Social capital has been outlined in different methods, and no shared definition among disciplines has been developed. In abstract, ideas of bonding and bridging social capital embody belief in others, social participation, networks and shared norms and values with racially or ethnically comparable and dissimilar folks [19, 24–27]. Some of the mechanisms that specify the associations between social capital and well being outcomes are associated to data, knowledge and entry to providers.
In this new report, the ICJ and and Justice for Peace Foundation name for a sequence of modifications in legislation, apply, method and behavior to handle the justice wants of women throughout Thailand. The present Thai success on the LPGA is fueling the churning wheel that is led to expansive development in ladies’s golf in Thailand. Investment in alternatives results in inspiring moments, leading to more players on the LPGA, resulting in additional funding in alternatives. That’s the third most of any country over that point, trailing solely South Korea and the United States . More importantly, the tournament’s funding in golf reached the grassroots degree.
No overseas single will miss his western habits and a cultural degree being in a pair with a Thai bride. Asian complaisance and courtesy do not imply traditional and outdated upbringing. They additionally try to provide their young technology with good education. Thai brides are real Asian beauties from Scheherazade’s assortment of tales in a place to make your life a unbelievable loving story. Thailand have been dealt with a serious jolt as their high ladies’s singles player and 2013 World Champion Ratchanok Intanon has withdrawn from the 2021 Sudirman Cup. B Sai Praneeth will lead the charge for India on the biennial worldwide badminton championship, seeking to atone for his disappointing efficiency at Tokyo 2020.Kia ora! Welcome to iNaturalist NZ—Mātaki Taiao. You can use iNaturalist NZ to record your observations of species, get any species identified, help others identify species, and talk with other NZ nature enthusiasts. In other words, watch nature!
We're the New Zealand site in the global iNaturalist network. We're operated by the New Zealand Bio-Recording Network (NZBRN) Trust, a NZ charitable trust lead by a team of NZ ecologists and biodiversity IT professionals. iNaturalist is an open-source, global nature observation system supported by the California Academy of Sciences based in San Francisco and the (US) National Geographic. While iNaturalist NZ—Mātaki Taiao started out in 2012 as an independent NZ-optimised fork of iNaturalist, since November 2014 we've been operating directly from within the iNaturalist servers, and since June 2018 we changed our name from NatureWatch NZ. Because iNaturalist is awesome.
That means that when you are using iNaturalist NZ—Mātaki Taiao, you are also using iNaturalist global at the same time. iNaturalist NZ—Mātaki Taiao is a Kiwi window into iNaturalist that shows just the New Zealand observations, species, and users. That way your fantails and totara observations don't get lost in a flood of squirrels and bald eagles. Because nobody in New Zealand wants to get lost in a flood of squirrels and bald eagles.
Since all iNaturalist NZ—Mātaki Taiao observations also show up simultaneously on the global iNaturalist parent, this means that you've got the world's best naturalists looking at your observations, ready and keen to help. And, if you go overseas, you can use iNaturalist.org with your iNaturalist NZ—Mātaki Taiao account. When you get back home, all your overseas observations will be there in your list of observations inside iNaturalist NZ—Mātaki Taiao. It's the best of both worlds.
This also means that if you want to use iNaturalist NZ—Mātaki Taiao on your iPhone, iPad, or Android device, you can use the excellent iNaturalist mobile app (iOS, Android). Just download it and sign in with your NZ account. All of your observations will show up right here on iNaturalist NZ—Mātaki Taiao. (We used to maintain a separate NZ app on the Apple AppStore but we retired that when the iNat app did it all better.)
You'll see links to help pages along the left side near the top of this page. We recommend you start with our "Add an observation" page.
iNaturalist NZ—Mātaki Taiao is the Kiwi corner of iNaturalist.org, and iNaturalist.org has an extensive set of help pages that you can use. If you're just getting started with us, check out iNat's Getting Started guide to tour some of the site's features. If you have a question about the site, have a look through the iNat Frequently Asked Questions.
If you'd rather just send us an email and ask for help, that's good. Please do! We're here at help@inaturalist.nz and are happy to give you one-on-one help getting started, or help you figure out how to do something a bit tricky. We're also very keen to hear about any non-biological bugs you might encounter on the site. We work closely with the iNaturalist developers to keep improving the system.
You can also post your questions to the iNaturalist Forum. This is a vibrant global forum supporting the iNaturalist platform worldwide. We'll try to beat other iNaturalist users to the answer.
Please don't ask us for identifications through our email help desk, Facebook or forums — after all, that's why we have iNaturalist NZ—Mātaki Taiao. It's easy to join our community if you are a first-timer.
And thanks for sharing your observations with New Zealand and the world using iNaturalist NZ—Mātaki Taiao. Together we're discovering a lot of new and amazing things about NZ nature.
iNaturalist NZ—Mātaki Taiao is an online place to have fun exploring nature. Let's keep it fun by respecting the diversity of opinions and personalities of all the people interested in nature. Try not to be rude, and try not to be easily offended.
Content that violates the Terms of Service or iNaturalist's.
Copyright violations should be flagged, i.e. re-published text or images that were created by other people without any evidence of permission or license by the creator of the work. If copyrighted images are used, flag the photo(s) directly rather than the observation. You can do this by clicking the "i" (white circle) below the photo and clicking "Flag this photo" in the very bottom righthand corner of that page. Then choose "copyright infringement" in the pop-up and save.
The was virtually extinct a dozen years ago.
Fatikchari A Mother Jones piece on Newt Gingrich this week jumped out at me, because I found myself having the exact same thought as the story title Thursday night after watching the former Georgia congressman speak at a panel in New York on the future of education.
Mr. Gingrich was brilliant. He was the final speaker, following Herman Cain, Rick Santorum, and Michele Bachmann. The crowd, a group of mostly liberal college administrators, was titillated by Gingrich, as was I. He was smart and blunt, and he demonstrated time and again the rapier wit that made him famous. And at the same time, he was dislikable – arrogant, dismissive, smug.
Which brings me to the Mother Jones headline: “Can Newt Be the First Openly Mean President?”
It’s a legitimate question, because there does seem to be an opening for The Newt. There is an anybody-but-Romney crowd among the GOP electorate; Herman Cain will in all likelihood fade from inexperience, and Rick Perry may or may not be able to seize the moment. Which effectively leaves Mr. Gingrich. Can he seize the moment?
When Mr. Gingrich began his campaign, I couldn’t help noticing him trying, with great effort, to smile in television appearances. It was painful to watch. It was like seeing an Apache in a Morning Suit. The smiles, or at least upward cornering of his lips, clearly came at the prodding of his former handlers who ended up leaving the campaign in a huff and en masse.
Soon thereafter, Mr. Gingrich’s campaign went into a tailspin. It was without staff, without money, and without direction. Indeed, Mr. and Mrs. Gingrich were vacationing in Greece while the other GOP candidates were gobbling corndogs in Iowa. It was game over.
But now, sans the handlers, Mr. Gingrich seems to have landed his footing again. He is a million dollars in debt, but he’s cocksure again, and that’s more important. The money, theoretically, could show up.
Mr. Gingrich’s strength is that he has nothing to lose. He can be himself again; he can be twice himself with no downside. He had been written off, and now the fates have opened up a path to electoral redemption. But, as Mojo asks, “Can Newt Be the First Openly Mean President?”
I think the answer to that theoretically is “yes.” The country, at this point in time, would be willing to follow anyone with a clear and palatable vision for getting us back on our feet.
But Gingrich has another problem that hobbles him more. He is unfocused. He has a grand idea a minute, and that is his greater curse.
There is a great scene in the movie Amadeus where Emperor Joseph II approaches the stage after of one of Mozart’s operas. “It was delightful,” the Musical King says. “There were just, well, how does one say it? Too many notes. Yes, too many notes. Just cut a few and it will be perfect.” (An annoyed Mozart replies,” exactly which ones would you suggest I remove, sire?”)
Newt Gingrich is no Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, but he has too many notes to be president. If only he could cut a few — and genuinely smile once in a while — he would be perfect.
[…] Mr. Gingrich is smart, too smart perhaps. And he is brash at a time when Americans thirst it. But he is not electable on a national scale. […]Grateful™
Share an attitude of gratitude in this sweet “Grateful” Beanie in Dusty Pink by grace & truth®. This cozy hat lets you rock your ponytail high, medium, or low with convenient criss-cross openings in the back. This charming beanie will warm your head and your heart on chilly days, and remind you to focus on the good stuff you are grateful for.
Gratitude is a choice and when we pledge our hearts to the Lord, it’s a natural choice for us to make all day, every day. God is so good, and life is too short to be anything but grateful for His love, and the endless grace He offers.
grace & truth® Adult Beanie - Grateful™
- Color: Dusty Pink
- 100% Acrylic
- Super soft, cozy fit
- Wear Your Ponytail High, Middle, or Low
- Hand wash only
- One Size Fits MostNot many individuals can say that they’ve come face-to-face with a mom black bear and solely have just a few scratches to point out for it. However, Diane Fillion of Manitoba Canada is somebody who definitely can! Fortunately for her, she knew what to do and a house safety digicam captured a portion of the encounter. In any other case, she by no means would have recognized what actually occurred that day.
It began on a Saturday when Diane was taking part in in her entrance yard along with her good-looking Rottweiler, Ozzy. As they had been rounding a nook of her property, Ozzy noticed a bear cub and put him in a tree. Seconds after the cub was located, the big, furry mom bear made direct eye contact with Diane and instantly started to cost.
“We’ve bought myself and my canine and three bears all taking a look at one another. The canine put one of many cubs within the tree, after which the mother got here after my canine, and the struggle began,” stated Diane.
On her safety footage, you may see Ozzy working full pace away from the bear, and previous Diane who was beginning to make noise and trying to again away. Fortunately, she was in a position to seize a big stick earlier than the bear knocked her to the bottom. As soon as she had fallen, Diane started trashing the stick on the bear, hoping to seem bigger than she was. Her techniques had been profitable, and shortly after, the footage reveals the bear working to the identical tree the place Ozzy put her cub.
“I believed I had tripped, after which we pulled our safety cameras after which we realized no, the bear truly hit me,” stated Diane
Earlier than she pulled her safety footage, the main points had been a bit foggy to Diane. The truth is, she had satisfied herself that she had tripped, versus being pushed by the bear. Diane defined that after she noticed the bear, the whole lot appeared to occur immediately. After the bears ran to the tree, Diane contacted Manitoba Conservation for recommendation on the way to proceed. They advisable merely ready for the mom bear and her cubs to depart the world.
In the previous few months, there was a rise within the variety of native bear sightings. Specialists from the world declare it’s largely because of the lack of summer time rainfall.
“There’s rather a lot much less water on the panorama for bears to entry, so that they’re out on the land on the lookout for everlasting sources of water,” defined Pauline Bloom, a wildlife biologist from Manitoba.
Now that bear sightings have gotten increasingly more frequent, it appears that evidently an elevated variety of individuals could expertise one thing comparable. If you end up confronted by a bear, again away or stroll away slowly. Don’t flip and run.
“We don’t consider that she was making an attempt to be imply. She was similar to, get away from my infants, and she or he made her level. And we stated OK,” shared Diane.
H / T: newsweek.com
Featured Picture: Screenshot /winnipeg.ctvnews4.86 based on 5,037 reviews
Glitter Felt Squares
Size: 30cm x 20cm
Colours: Pink, Lilac, Red, Gold, Silver.
Bulk Buy Discount
RELATED PRODUCTS
Glitter felt sheets are fantastic for Christmas craft projects. Our glitter felt squares are sold in 30cm x 20cm dimensions and are available in a variety of colours.
The cost per square varies in price dependent on the amount of glitter felt fabric purchased. The standard price is £0.99 per square based on an amount of 1-9 pieces. The price is reduced to £0.89 per square when 10-24 squares are purchased and for amounts between 25 and 49, the cost per piece is £0.65. For any orders on amounts over 50, the cost is reduced further to £0.49 per piece for glitter felt squares.
Our glitter felt sheets are available in these following colours: Gold, Lilac, Pink, Red and Silver.
We also offer a thread colour matching service which is available with any purchase of glitter felt fabric. For this service we take the colour that you have selected and for an extra £1.85 per thread, we colour match the thread to compliment your fabric. The thread you will receive is 100m long and should be a perfect match for your fabric..
Lucy (verified owner) –
Made great Egyptian cuffs!
LPST (verified owner) –
Absolutely fantastic service,
Frances Peacock (verified owner) –
I didn’t even know sparkle felt even existed. Now I do I wish I’d bought more colours. It’s soft and flexible and very sparkly – and it doesn’t shed glitter everywhere.Treble Hero Samuel Eto’o: “I’d Recommend Andre Onana To Inter, Nerazzurri Have Everything To Keep Winning Titles”
Legendary former Inter striker Samuel Eto’o believes that the Nerazzurri would do well to sign his fellow Cameroonian international Andre Onana.
Speaking to Turin-based newspaper Tuttosport in an interview published in today’s print edition, the 40-year-old praised the current Ajax keeper’s ability and suitability to a big club like Inter, while also giving his thoughts on the Nerazzurri’s current competitive strength.
Onana has been strongly linked with a move to Inter next summer, with the 25-year-old out of contract with the Dutch champions at the end of June 2022 and the Nerazzurri in search of a long-term successor to captain Samir Handanovic who will be 38 next summer.
Eto’o believes that such a move would work out well for both parties, and recommends that they find an agreement.
In anticipation of tomorrow’s Serie A clash with Juventus, he remembered his favourite match between the Nerazzurri and the Bianconeri, naming “The 2-0 at the San Siro in 2010, the one in which Maicon and I scored.”
On tomorrow’s match he stated,”I hope it’s a good game and above all that Inter win! The Nerazzurri have a competitive team and an excellent coach – it seems to me that nothing is missing to continue winning titles.”
“The favourite I have can only be Inter,” he went on. “I say Handanovic, because having a strong goalkeeper is important to win trophies.”
On Onana he stated that “I would recommend Inter to Onana and Andre, a top club-quality goalkeeper, to the Nerazzurri directors.”
Comparing the two teams’ respective strikers Edin Dzeko and Alvaro Morata he stated, “High marks for both of them. I hope Dzeko wins because it would mean that Inter wins, but I have always appreciated Morata a lot.”
And with respect to the two Argentines Lautaro Martinez and Paulo Dybala Eto’o said that “Comparisons are always difficult. And then, frankly, Lautaro seems to me quite unique in terms of characteristics. With Dybala, his talent is not in question, he can make Juve history. But Messi is Messi, unique and inimitable.”Sant Mat As It Is -- Light and Sound on the Path, January 2012
(Pictured Above: Soami Ji Maharaj)
Below in this first Sant Mat Satsang Society digest/newsletter of 2012:
*Links to Podcasts and Sant Mat Websites;
*The Ascension of the Soul;
*Spirituality Part of Daily Life;
*Meditation Improves With Practice -- Never Give Up;
*Do Simran -- Do the Meditation;
*About the Practices and the Ahimsa/Ethical Foundation of Sant Mat: Five Precepts, and Eight Limbs of Yoga;
*The Four Essentials of Sant Mat;
*Bhajan of Huzur Maharaj: The Secret of Life: Contained Within This Human Form Are All the Portals and Inner Regions of the Cosmos;
*How Karma Operates (Essays on the Bijak of Kabir, A Genuine Satsang Template of Sant Mat)
and....
*Happy New Year 2012! -- Five New Year Messages;
Jai Sat Naam -- Jai Guru -- Radhasoami!
Social Networking in India: New Sant Mat Page (and Blog) at SpeakingTree:
Sant Mat Satsang Podcasts and Spiritual Awakening Radio Podcasts:
Sant Mat Fellowship at Yahoo Groups:
Sant Mat Library of Online Books:
Daily Spiritual Quotes: Sant Mat at Facebook:
Sant Mat Radhasoami Blog - Number One Sant Mat Blog on the Web:
Daily Spiritual Quotes: Sant Mat at Twitter:
Daily Spiritual Quotes: Sant Mat at Tumblr:
"Better than a thousand useless words
is one useful word,
hearing which one attains peace.
Better than a thousand useless verses
is one useful verse,
hearing which one attains peace."
-- Buddha, Dhammapada
"This mysterious path is described in the holy books, but it cannot be found simply by the study of sacred texts. It is found by the grace and guidance of an Accomplished Teacher." (Swami Sant Sevi Ji Maharaj)
"Those that say that individuals are not capable of changing anything are only looking for excuses" (Vaclav Havel)
"The eyes only see what the mind is prepared to comprehend." (Henri Bergson)
Starve the ego,
Feed the soul.
"To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself." (Thich Nhat Hanh)
"I think it's very healthy to spend time alone. You need to know how to be alone and not be defined by another person." (Oscar Wilde)
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." (Oscar Wilde)
Souls are God-Particles: "The soul is a particle or wave (ansa) of the Supreme Being just as the ray of the Sun is an emanation of the Sun."(Huzur Maharaj, Prem Patra Radhasoami)
"The pathway to the liberation of the 'jiva' (individual soul) already exists within each one of us." (Baba Devi Sahab)
"God and Love (Bhakti) are one and the same thing". (Baba Devi Sahab)
"Look within yourself with the inner eye. The whole expanse inside is replete with the refulgence of the Divine Light." (Sant Dadu Dayal, the Compassionate Mystic)
"Remember, I can only show you the door, you must walk through it". (Morpheus, in, The Matrix)
The Ascension of the Soul, By Swami Sant Sevi Ji Maharaj
The)
The Word, and, OM, by The Moody Blues ('The Fountain' film motif continues!) -- Youtube:
Swami Harinandan Baba
Spirituality Part of Daily Life, By Swami Harinandan Baba, Living One and Current Acharya (Teacher) of Sant Mat at Maharshi Mehi Ashram -- in Guru Kabir/Sant Dharamdas/Sant Dariya Sahib/Sant Tulsi Sahib Lineage -- Translation from Hindi into English Provided by Pravesh K. Singh Ji
This faith, loyalty and dedication precisely are the proof of one's.
Meditation Improves With Practice -- Never Give Up, By Swami Harinandan Baba.
Do Simran -- Do the Meditation, By Swami Harinandan Bab [meditation]).
About the Practices and the Ahimsa/Ethical Foundation of Sant Mat
* The Eight Limbs of Yoga -- Stairway to Heaven -- these steps and stages of ascension are used to varying degrees fairly universally by Eastern spiritual paths:
** Ethical Foundation - The Five Precepts: Two and a half/three hours of meditation per day, and ethcial precepts of Ahisma (non-violence in thought, word, and deed):
THE ETHICAL FOUNDATON OF SANT MAT -- AHIMSA VALUES -- THE FIVE PRECEPTS (Includes Vegan Version).
*)
In Sant Mat [the Teachings of the Saints],
great importance has been attached to Bhakti;
it is the sine qua non of Sant Mat.
If there are all other attributes but no Bhakti,
then there is nothing. And he, who has no virtues
but is endowed with Bhakti, is possessed of all.
He alone is a devotee and he alone is dear to
Bhagwant (Lord). Even if one performs
Surat-Shabd Abhyas,
[spiritual exercises, inner Light & Sound Meditation]
but is devoid of this attribute,
then one is empty and hollow.
-- Maharaj Saheb, "Discourses of Maharaj Saheb"
The Four Essentials of Sant Mat are: True Guru (Sat-Guru), True Name (Sat-Naam), True Association (Sat-sang) and True Love (Sat-Anurag).
Bhajan of Huzur Maharaj: The Secret of Life: Contained Within This Human Form Are All the Portals and Inner Regions of the Cosmos
Having heard the plight of the devotee, the All-Merciful Supreme Lord spoke, thus showering torrents of Grace and draining away all pains and sufferings. Human life, with its unknown Secrets, is invaluable. Without knowing its Secrets, how may one realize its value?
Like an ignorant oil miller who did not know the value of the Philosopher's stone, he keeps on weighing oil with the precious stone that he has in his possession. Similarly, without knowing the Secret, you have not valued the human form. You have remained entangled with flesh and bones and not understood the inner Reality. Just as the All (the Reservoir of Spirituality), brought the creation into existence, in a similar measure, the Spirit-Entity has created the human body.
Saints have explained for your benefit the Secret of the creation. There is the Pinda [physical planes/universes] and Brahmanda [Universal Mind Plane], and beyond is the Region of Saints. Each of these has six subdivisions. These are explained in detail by Saints. Chakras, Kamals and Padams [Centers, Lotuses, Ganglions of various regions] are the names given to these only. This human body has within itself the images of all the regions or levels of creation. Contact with these inner regions is established when the corresponding portals are opened.
As the good fortune awakens, all these Secret Gateways get opened. The Spirit-Entity gets released naturally and rejoins its Original Source. Besides the human form, no other body provides this opportunity, (for the Spirit-Entity). It is after aimless wandering for crores of births that you have got it [sentient being, the human form]. The invaluable seeds of Bhakti [spiritual love and devotion] are sown by the Saint Incarnations. Apart from this 'soil' of the human frame, it cannot 'sprout' anywhere else. The path of traversing to the Original Abode that the Saints have revealed, cannot be traversed without residing in this human frame.
Therefore, you should be alert and know the great value of this human body. You must realize the immense value of each breath of life that you take.
Now I tell the Secret of the mind that you have been given. This provides a connection between the Spirit and the body.
The burden of the Adi Karma (original propensity to associate with physical matter) that you carry on your head -- the currents of that burden would be falling on this mind now and then.
Call mind a gateway or comprehend it as a pipeline, through which the impurity of Adi Karma would flow out and get emptied.
Without associating with the mind, one cannot reside in the body. Without associating these with the Spirit, the Karmas would not get annihilated.
Without the Karmas being annihilated, one cannot reach the Original Abode. Being sold away in the 'Bazaar of God of Death', you would have to suffer misery everyday.
Radhasoami Dayal [the Compassionate Lord of the Soul] reveals, opening up the essential Secret to you, surrender to the Holy Feet to annihilate all the ailments of your body and soul. (Prem Bani Radhasoami)
New Year Messages (pictured below)
Message from His Holiness Panth Shri Hajur 1008 Ardhnam Saheb
Satyanaam
Dear Kabir Saheb's blessed,
My heartiest well wishes to all of you for the New Year and Poornima. I wish and pray that it brings happiness and success to all of you in your endeavours. May the new year bring with it strength and devotion to bring you close to Satguru.
As each new day gives you fresh and new opportunities similarly does the beginning of a new year, glance back and see what was achieved and achievable.
May Satguru help you all in achieving your goals and bringing happiness and health in life of your dear ones.
My best wishes to all of you.
Panth Shri 1008 Hajur Ardhanam Saheb
Sadguru Kabir Prakatyadham Lahartara
Varanasi, INDIA 0091-9415304040
"In the enveloping darkness of these days, I say to all to whom my voice may reach: Turn back to God! He is not afar. He is not in temples and churches: They are no longer centres of spiritual forces. He is not in scriptures which men recite but do not make effort to translate the teaching in deeds of daily living. He is not in places of pilgrimage. He is within you!" (Dada J. P. Vaswani, Sadhu Vaswani Mission, from his New Year's Message)
"The knowledge of the soul and Supreme Soul is the highest level of knowledge for human beings. It uplifts us from earthly suffering, births and deaths to the State of Salvation (i.e. Moksha, Nirvana)." (Swami Ashutosh Baba)
A New Year's Message by Sant Kirpal Singh,
Kirpal Singh
1970 Christmas and New Year's Message
RuhaniSatsangUSA Website
How Karma Operates (Essays on the Bijak of Kabir, A Genuine Satsang Template of Sant Mat), By Dr. Jagessar Das
." ////////
." (Kirpal Singh)
, "Harmony of All Religions").
"How wondrous is the instrument of love!
Two hearts join and sing as one.
Indefinable, inscrutable its ultimate design:
Life is forever a constant beginning."
(Sant Darshan Singh)
-- Darshan Singh, New Poetry Website:
grechukbogdan wrote:
Well, you need to tell Isabelle that your type of sets of things is in the class comm_monoid_add, thus:Well, you need to tell Isabelle that your type of sets of things is in the class comm_monoid_add, thus:I have error “No type arity bool :: comm_monoid_add”. This is unpleasant: addition is defined for sets (see above), and setsum should be defined for any type in which addition is defined. Why I cannot use a convenient notation “setsum S I”? Can I correct this and make it work? Or should I introduce new definition for this? If so, do you have any suggestions how it should look like?
instance set :: (comm_monoid_add) comm_monoid_addThen you can do definitions such as:
consts sss :: "('a => 'b::comm_monoid_add set) => 'a set => 'b::comm_monoid_add set" defs (overloaded) sss_def : "sss f S == setsum f S" However I suspect that this won't work from (I think) Isabelle2008 onwards, there were messages at the time about the changes to the way the set type is defined. So try it on Isabelle<=2007 JeremyIf you are searching the web for Fresco y Más ads, you came to the right place. We have the latest flyers from Fresco y Más, making sure you get the best prices and deals on your shop. If you want to save some money using the deals in Fresco y Más weekly flyers, and get the best deals with Fresco y Más weekly ads, then you’ve come to the right place.
The best Fresco y Más ads and flyers on the internet
We have information about almost every Fresco y Más leaflet and sale there is in the entire US! Whether they are hidden in a catalogue, on the internet or offline, you can browse it on our website.
Discover the best Fresco y Más sales
A ton of people want to save money on their shop at Fresco y Más. We have all the information about Fresco y Más Fresco y Más ads is a great way to make the most of your money. All it takes to save is being a clever customer and doing a little research before you shop at Fresco y Más. It takes a little bit of time, but our flyers can save you plenty of money!
On this page, you will find 2 current ads of Fresco y Más valid until 12/28/2021. In the weekly ads, you will find coupons, special offers and discounts mainly on products in the Grocery category, specifically: salsa, orange, steak, shrimps, chicken meat, beef meat, watermelon, cooking wine, english muffins, cereals, which you can buy at 26 stores in Miami, Tampa, Orlando, Hialeah, Hollywood, etc. If you are interested in coupons, discounts, sales and special offers at other shops, see the weekly ads of one of another 252 retailers whose ads are available at Weekly Ads. You can also browse the archive of Fresco y Más to view 107 flyers that are no longer valid.Conferences and Events
Our offices of the leading event management in the area offices and through the creation of new innovative ideas between entrepreneurs and investors to meet all needs and provides developmental, economic and social new and create a career in the management and implementation of activities in terms of organization and services required opportunities, according to the schedule Mahddbtrivh professional and professional-quality High.
magazine
New
RICHFIELD, Ohio, July 9, 2021 /PRNewswire/ — IRG Realty Advisors, LLC (IRG RA), one of the largest third-party real estate services companies in Ohio, recently announced the Richfield-based company has been named a Northeastern Ohio Top Workplace employer. “We are incredibly proud to have earned this designation. 2020 was a difficult transition for many companies.
Dear Mary: Problems in my co-op seem to come in only one size: XXL. It seems that our board is always dealing with the latest crisis instead of staying ahead of the curve and working on problems before they grow from manageable to monstrous. How can we shift to attacking problems head-on instead of pretending they’ll
- 1
- 2
- 3
- …
- 9
- Next Page »CHULA VISTA, Calif. (KGTV) — A South Bay school employee was placed on administrative leave after being accused of inappropriately touching a 5-year-old girl.
Chula Vista Police received a report of the inappropriate behavior at Thurgood Marshall Elementary School on Feb. 10. A 5-year-old girl and her mother spoke with police, alleging the girl was touched by an employee at the school.
Police said there's no further evidence at the moment that indicates there may be other victims, that children are at risk, or that there's any ongoing threat.
RELATED: SWAT standoff leads to officer-involved shooting in Paradise Hills
The employee accused in the report has been placed on administrative leave, according to CVPD, while Chula Vista Elementary School District and police investigate.Pandemic side effect: Going to SHS online but living hundreds or thousands of miles away March 11, 2021 — by Jonathan Li and Viraaj Reddi Photo by Regina Lee Permalink Like most students this year, senior Regina Lee logs onto Canvas and to look for the Zoom link that starts her first class of the day. Unlike most students, Lee begins her school day at 1:30 a.m., a result of attending SHS from her current home of South Korea. She is one of dozens of students who have been taking classes during family vacations or longer stays away from Saratoga during the pandemic. Since the start of the second semester, Lee and her family have relocated due to her father’s work. This means that from 1:30 to 6:30 a.m., Lee is in online class, and from 6:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m., she catches up on sleep. From 1:30 to 5 p.m., she has free time, which she often uses to go out; from 7 to 8 p.m., she works out; and from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m., she completes homework and studies. While her new sleep schedule appears daunting, Lee found that managing time, rather than trying to adapt to a new sleep schedule, was more difficult to overcome. “I usually did homework right after classes when I was in the U.S., but now I have to keep track of all my assignments and their timelines, which is another difficulty,” Lee said. While managing her assignments is a downside of learning abroad, Lee has discovered some benefits. Lee has found that her social life actually improved in her new circumstances. She is still able to easily communicate with her American friends over FaceTime and chats, much like other students at SHS have been doing. At the same time, she has also been able to reconnect with Korean family and friends who she hasn’t been able to see for years. Lee is unsure of when exactly she plans to return to the U.S., but is considering coming back to take AP tests that may be in-person. Until then, though, she is adapting to her new method of learning overseas. Junior Garrick Zhang has also experienced the upsides and downsides of online learning from another location. In October, he took his classes virtually from St. Louis, Mo. where he was visiting family friends with his mother. “I didn’t feel anything different at first since I stayed at home all the time,” Zhang said. “But later I found out that I could study APUSH right beside the Mississippi River, so that was pretty fun.” Since Missouri runs on Central Standard Time, Zhang said that he was able to get up before class started and manage his time better as a result. His day usually started at 8 or 9 a.m. CST, where he would have a “nice warm breakfast” before heading off to his first two classes at 10:30 a.m. CST. Between third and fifth period, Zhang would eat lunch, and the rest of the day would be a mix of doing homework, studying and doing other activities at home. “I wasn’t able to drive, so I was stuck at home all the time,” Zhang said. “Nothing was really that different.” To keep in touch with friends, he used WeChat, a messaging app made by Chinese company Tencent. Garrick said his relationships with his friends remained relatively untouched. “Even in California my parents wouldn’t let me hang out with friends anyways,” Zhang said. Albeit in different ways, both Lee and Zhang have been able to use the uniqueness of the pandemic to see family, travel and take advantage of online learning’s flexibility. “I still stay connected with friends as I did mostly the same due to the pandemic,” Lee said. “I think my social life expanded in Korea with having close relatives and friends in Korea.”By Beth Clayton
Alabama Political Reporter
MONTGOMERY–Wells Griffith joined the growing list of candidates seeking to run for the first congressional district following the resignation of Congressman Jo Bonner.
Griffith will run in the special election primary against seven other Republican candidates and one Independent.
Griffith worked for two years as the Deputy Chief-of-Staff to the Republican National Committee under RNC Chairman Reince Priebus. He is also a licensed attorney with experience in Alabama and Mississippi politics.
“I’ve given this decision a lot of thought and prayer and am humbled by the encouragement I have received from colleagues, neighbors, friends and family,” Griffith said in an interview with AL.com. “We are united by a deep concern for the future of our country and the dangerous levels of debt government bureaucrats are putting on every American and future generations.”
Griffith will join Quin Hillyer, a conservative columnist, and Bradley Byrne, a former gubernatorial candidate, among the likely front-runners for this seat due to well-known ties to deep pockets and high-ranking political connections.
Representatives Randy Davis (R-Daphne) and Chad Fincher (R-Semmes) will likely have a chance competing as well, since they currently hold elected office.
Other candidates include Dean Young, an Orange Beach businessman and candidate for Congress in 2012, Jessica James, a Mobile real estate agent, and Daniel Dyas, a Fairhope builder.
James Hall will run as an Independent. He is a first-time candidate from Stapleton.
So far, no Democrats have announced an intent to run.Description
How do I use Activation Keys for Foundation licenses?
Applies To
Foundation 11
Solution
Winshuttle administrators can use their activation keys by browsing to the Foundation page.
Verify that the provided key is assigned with the correct environment (Production, QA, or Test)
Go to Foundation > Licenses > Activate Licenses
If you do not see the Activate Licenses option, please verify that you have the assigned Winshuttle Administrator role in the LMS site. The LMS Site URL can be found by going to Foundation > Settings > Foundation Setup.
Once the Activate Licenses option has been selected, you will be able to apply your activation key.
Please sign in to leave a comment.There is a dearth of non-Western normative data for neuropsychological batteries designed to measure cognitive deficits in schizophrenia. Here, we provide normative data for English-speaking ethnic Chinese on the widely used Brief Assessment of Cognition in Schizophrenia acquired from 595 healthy community participants between ages 14 and 55. Means and standard deviations of subtests and composite scores were stratified by age group and sex. We also explored linear regression approaches to generate continuous norms adjusted for age, sex, and education. Notable differences in subtest performances were found against a Western comparison sample. Normative data established in the current sample are essential for clinical and research purposes as it serves as a reference source of cognition for ethnic Chinese.
Eng GK, Lam M, Bong YL, Subramaniam M, Bautista D, Rapisarda A, Kraus M, Lee J, Collinson SL, Chong SA, Keefe RSE. Brief Assessment of Cognition in Schizophrenia: Normative data in an english-speaking ethnic Chinese sample. Archives of Clinical Neuropsychology, 2013 28(8): 845-858.Insect antennae are the most wonderful sense organs. They are both the nostrils and feelers – tactile probes – of insects, and are covered with an array of sensory receptors that can be used to detect a host of different things, including: potential mates, hosts, prey items, oviposition sites and much more. They are used in so many ways and are so useful, it’s a wonder we all don’t have them!
Fire ant worker (Solenopsis sp. ) Image by 272447 from Pixabay
Insect antennae come in many shapes and sizes, and virtually all insects possess them. In many species, especially moths, they have evolved to become highly efficient, extremely sensitive devices for detecting airborne chemicals: pheromones. The antennae of the male silkmoth, Bombyx mori (below), is almost as sensitive as the nose of a dog, being able to detect single molecules of the female sex pheromone.
An adult silkworm moth, Bombyx mori (Wiki) By CSIRO, CC BY 3.0, httpscommons.wikimedia.orgwindex.phpcurid=35496348
As well as odours, antennae can also detect touch, gravity, wind, and sound. One of the best-studied of all antennae, is that of the fruit fly, Drosophila melanogaster. Olfactory receptors located on hair-like sensilla on the antennal lobes detect odours and pheromones, and antennal ears , yes ears, detect acoustic signals, such as the male courtship songs, as I described in another blog: A courtship duet.
Portrait of fruit fly (stack of 50 frames) Грибков михаил, CC BY 4.0 <>, via Wikimedia Commons
Insect antennae come in all shapes and sizes (below), from the tiny little dragonfly antennae, to the very large antennae – sometimes much longer than the body – of longhorn beetles. There is huge diversity of insect antenna, which I will touch on in this blog. To describe them all would require a book!
I was able to creep on this male Emperor Dragonfly (Anax imperator)and get a close up image (heavily cropped) of the head, which shows the tiny antennae marked with arrows (below).
Longhorn beetles (Cerambycidae) have extraordinary antennae which are covered in many different types of sensillae that enable the beetle to taste, smell and feel its environment. It addition, there are also chemo-, thermo- and mechanoreceptors which make it an all round chemical, physical and motion sensor device! Twelve different types of sensilla were discovered on the antennae of the red-necked longhorned beetle, Aromia bungii. (Di Palma et al., 2019).
Another example of an insect with really tiny antennae, is this little planthopper from Thailand (below). What it does with tiny, hair-like sensors, I have no idea.
I have long pondered the function of antennal brushes, like those on this longhorn beetle from South America, Batus barbicornis (below).
I have not been able to find a good research paper on tuft-bearing longhorn beetles. The antennal structures are used by taxonomists to classify these beetles, but exactly how the beetles use these tufts – I don’t think it is for cleaning out little chimneys! – is a bit of a mystery. Cerambycids are incredibly good at detecting long-range attractant pheromones, and the structures seem to be present on both sexes. They might be sexual ornaments, as well as having useful functions.
The lovely beetle, Diastocera wallici tonkinensis (below), named after Alfred Russel Wallace I think, appears in large(ish) numbers at a certain time of year (end of March) in Thailand. Bearing its antennal tufts!
There are many insect, beetles included, which have close associations with ants. Large and elaborate antennae often develop in such myrmecophilous species, like the one shown below, from Laos.
Little is known also, about the exotic beetle shown below, Colilodion schulzi sp. n. from Palawan, the Philippines, which was described from a single female specimen (Yin et al., 2020). What does it do with the three-segmented antennae with conspicuously broadened apical antennomeres, I wonder?
As I mentioned, these huge elaborate antennae often develop in species, living in the nests of ants, perhaps to provide the ants with glandular secretions. A sort of mobile food dispensary? In these ant nest beetles, in the subfamily Paussinae (above and below), these antennae are sometimes said to be used as handles by ants to drag the beetle around the nest! I think it is more likely that the ants were feeding on secretions from the antennae, and the beetle was moving, so it looked like the ants were pulling it about?!
That’s enough for one blog. I’ll write some more about different kinds on insect antennae in another contribution!😊
References
Di Palma, A., Pistillo, M., Griffo, R., Garonna, A. P., & Germinara, G. S. (2019). Scanning electron microscopy of the antennal sensilla and their secretion analysis in adults of Aromia bungii (Faldermann, 1835)(Coleoptera, Cerambycidae). Insects, 10(4), 88.
Yin, Z. W., & Cuccodoro, G. (2020). Colilodion schulzi sp. n.(Coleoptera: Staphylinidae: Pselaphinae) from Palawan, the Philippines, with habitus photographs and a revised key to all Colilodion species. Revue suisse de Zoologie, 123(1), 153-158.
6 thoughts on “Insect antennae I.”
Very interesting! Looking forward to your next post
Pingback: Insect antennae II. | Ray Cannon's nature notes
Pingback: Insect antennae III. | Ray Cannon's nature notes
Pingback: Insect antennae IV. | Ray Cannon's nature notes
Wonderful! Keep me updated.
Pingback: Insect antennae V. | Ray Cannon's nature notesDescription
Everbuild. Can be used on perimeter pointing internally and externally around doors and windows. Adheres to concrete, brick, wood, metals and glass without the use of a primer
Specifications:
- Colour: White
- Size: 285ml
- Over paintable.
- Adheres to most common surfaces.
- Semi drying - remains permanently plastic beneath surface skin.
- High solids formulation - excellent gap filling properties without shrinkage.
- Good external weathering properties.
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.Sep142021Press Release Loading... Taking too long? Reload document | Open in new tab Category: Press ReleaseBy AdminSeptember 14, 2021 Share this post Share on FacebookShare on Facebook TweetShare on Twitter Pin itShare on Pinterest Share on LinkedInShare on LinkedIn Author: Admin Post navigationPreviousPrevious post:Electricity Sector SnapshotNextNext post:Caribbean: Senior Green Building ConsultantRelated postsWater & Sewerage Company: Press ReleaseMarch 19, 2020Capacity Building Workshop for the National Utilities Regulatory Commission (NURC) and Other StakeholdersMarch 4, 2020Saint Lucia Benefits From Support To National Utilities Regulatory CommissionJanuary 21, 2020Water Truckers ConsultationAugust 22, 2019NURC to Host First ‘ Women’s International Women’s Day” Event at the Uptown Gardens Girls CentreAugust 22, 2019NURC Apprises Consumers of Its FunctionsFebruary 25, 2019Not yet registered? Create an account.
Already have an account? Sign in.
Saved Searches
Showing 67 matching properties
Showing 1-25 of 67 matching results
Listing information has been provided by Global MLS. Information obtained from Global MLS is current as of 11/26/2021 8:49 PM.
Listing information has been provided by Columbia County & North Dutchess MLS. Information obtained from Columbia County & North Dutchess MLS is current as of 11/26/2021 8:49 PM.
Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Blake, REALTORS helps you find homes for sale in 12180 NY. Search 12180 NY real estate, open houses,
foreclosures, new homes, rentals and more using our blazing fast real estate search engine to find your dream
home! Get the newest listings on the market in 12180 NY before they even appear on other national search websites.’15 team apparel ready for order
The 2015 line of Trabuco Hills Girls Lacrosse apparel can be ordered at Tuesday’s Parent/Player meeting.
A standard set of team gear comes with every player’s Spirit Pack. Trabuco Hills Girls Lacrosse seeks a $360 donation for the Spirit Pack for the 2015 spring season. A player’s standing with the team will not be affected by a family donating or not.
Full details of the 2015 Donation Policy ARE HERE!
Your ’15 Spirit Pack includes:
- White T-shirt* with “Trabuco Tradition” logo. (Available for pickup Tuesday night!)
- Black long-sleved T-shirt* with “Trabuco Lacrosse” logo.
- Heather Gray hoodie* with “Trabuco Lacrosse” logo.
- Capri length warm-up pants withembroidered horsehead logo. (Samples available to try on!)
- Custom Navy mustang socks. (Yes, we’ll get smaller ones for 2015!)
Bring your checkbooks because families can order extra gear, for players or fans!
- White T-shirt* with “Trabuco Tradition” logo: $7 (limited supply)
- Black “Trabuco Lacrosse” long-sleved T*: $12
- Heather Gray “Trabuco Lacrosse” hoodie*: $24
- Capri warms with embroidered horsehead logo: $29 (Samples available to try on!)
- Custom Navy Mustang socks: $11
Also …
- Navy T-shirt* with “Trabuco Tradition” logo: $10
Note: *-These goods are in typical adult sizing.
- Your Spirit Pack donation can be made through ASB Webstore by CLICKING HERE!
- Those who want to donate another amount, CAN GO HERE!
- Trabuco Hills Girls Lacrosse will also accept payment by check.Kill la Kill [TV] snodog627<<
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Stardust crusaders [TV] snodog627 gave it a 9.
Following the story of the jojo's but with Stands
3420 users added this.
Kaguya-sama [TV] snodog627 gave it a 9.
Ani.me's official listing has the Kaguya-sama storyline, reviews, and Kaguya-sama pictures that you need. Get to know everything about this Television Series show.
1093 users added this.
Bakemonogatari [TV] snodog627 gave it a_4<<
Fate/stay night: Unlimited Blade Works [TV] snodog627 gave it a 9.
New anime adaptation of Fate/stay night, following the Unlimited Blade Works route
1401 users added this.
Shokugeki no Soma [TV] snodog627 gave it a_6<<
Steins;Gate [TV] snodog627<<
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure: Golden Wind [TV] snodog627 gave it a<<
Angel Beats! [TV] snodog627 gave it a 8.
Angel Beats! takes place in an afterlife high school, which acts as limbo for teenagers who have died and experienced traumas or hardships during their lifetime.
13516 users added this.
Gurren Lagann [TV] snodog627 gave it a_10<<
Attack on Titan [TV] snodog627<<
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure [TV] snodog627 gave it a 8.
Late 19th century. Young, handsome and wealthy English nobleman Jonathan Joestar seems to have everything people crave for.
4378 users added this.
One Punch Man [TV] snodog627<<
Initial D [TV] snodog627 gave it a_14<<
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya [TV] snodog627_15<<
Toradora! [TV] snodog627 gave it a_16<<
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Diamond is Unbreakable [TV] snodog627 gave it a 8.
Fourth story arc of JoJo no Kimyou na Bouken series. The coastal town of Morioh is plagued by the "Bow and Arrow," an ancient artifact which manifests latent stand abilities in criminals and ordinary folk alike.
2655 users added this.
Jojo's Bizarre Adventure Part 2: Battle Tendency [TV] snodog627 gave it a 8.
Taking place in 1938, the story follows the misadventures of Joseph Joestar (a.k.
2098 users added this.
Magi The Labyrinth of Magic [TV] snodog627 gave it a 7.
This story is about the flow of fate and the battle to keep the world on the right path. Aladdin is a boy who has set out to explore the world after being trapped in a room for most of his life.
1745 users added this.
Fate/Zero [TV] snodog627 gave it a 7.
The prequel to Fate/stay night. The fourth holy Grail War based on Type-Moon's Visual novel where Magus and their summoned servants fight for he holy grail which will grant them one wish.
4761 users added this.
Oregairu [TV] snodog627 gave it a 7..
393 users added this.
Neon Genesis Evangelion [TV] snodog627 gave it a 7.
In 2015 huge, tremendously powerful alien war machines return to Tokyo. The only hope for Mankind's survival lies in the Evangelion, a humanoid fighting machine developed by NERV, a special United Nations agency.
7408 users added this.
Cowboy Bebop [TV] snodog627<<
Baccano! [TV] snodog627 gave it a_24<<
Psycho-Pass Manga/Anime [TV] snodog627 gave it a 7..
379 users added this.Wind 5.3 m/s
gentle breeze
gentle breeze
Chance of rain:
Precipitation sum:
Chance of thunder:
Cloudiness:
UV index:
Atmospheric pressure: 1029 hPa
Humidity: 60%
Visibility: -
Time to sunset: 6 hrs 7 min
Daylength: 10 hrs 05 min
moderate breeze 21% 0.1 mm 0% 21% 2 - low 51 ~ 75% sunrise at 06:47 sunset at 16:52 Tomorrow 28.11.2021
light breeze 2% 0.0 mm 0% 8% 3 - moderate 40 ~ 82% sunrise at 06:48 sunset at 16:52 Monday 29.11.2021
light breeze 2% 0.0 mm 0% 54% 2 - low 62 ~ 79% sunrise at 06:48 sunset at 16:51WordPress Whizzes – Check Us Out!…DetailsIncentives(-)Indoor Air Quality & ExposureResearchSmoke(-)Transportation ElectrificationTruck & BusAdvanced Clean Cars ProgramAftermarket, Performance, and Add on PartsAir Cleaners & Ozone Generating ProductsAir Quality Improvement Program GuidelinesAir Toxics ProgramCalifornia Climate Investments(-)California State Implementation PlansCommunity AirCommunity Air Protection Program Criteria Pollutant and Toxics Emissions Reporting (CTR)Enforcement Policy & Reports(-)In-Use Off-Road Diesel-Fueled Fleets Regulation(-)Indoor AirLow Carbon Transportation Investments and Air Quality Improvement Program(-)NaturalBRACKENGATE 1
Brackengate Business Park is the most strategically positioned light industrial park in Cape Town, set on the ‘golden triangle’ surrounded by the R300, N1 and N2, well outside the congestion zones of Montague Gardens and Epping Industria.
The greater Brackengate industrial precinct is 160-plus hectares in extent and the last substantial swathe of industrial land available in this area. The first phase comprised of 35 ha and VDMV Property Holdings started developing this from 2008. Its strategic position is confirmed by the status of the current owners and tenants in Brackengate phase I, who include DSV Logistics, British American Tobacco, Royal Canin, Food Lovers Market head office, Docufile, Freightmore and Stikland Cold Storage.
ROYAL CANIN
When Royal Canin approached VDMV in 2013 to develop a purpose built modern distribution centre in a safely prime business park, VDMV was delighted to conclude a transaction in their Brackengate Business Park development. Royal Canin and their furry customers were delighted and are an important part of the VDMV property portfolio.
FREIGHTMORE – 16 ROME ROAD
VDMV and Freightmore formed a property owning joint venture in 2013 and established their new premises in Brackengate Business Park, relocated from the congested Parow Industria area. Freightmore’s business has grown and the JV extended its activities by developing in the prime Lordview’s Industrial Park in Johannesburg during 2015.Hear from CIOs, CTOs, and other C-level and senior execs on data and AI strategies at the Future of Work Summit this January 12, 2022. Learn more
Let the OSS Enterprise newsletter guide your open source journey! Sign up here.
Microsoft this week announced Tutel, a library to support the development of mixture of experts (MoE) models — a particular type of large-scale AI model. Tutel, which is open source and has been integrated into fairseq, one of Facebook’s toolkits in PyTorch, is designed to enable developers across AI disciplines to “execute MoE more easily and efficiently,” a statement from Microsoft explained.
MoE are made up of small clusters of “neurons” that are only active under special, specific circumstances. Lower “layers” of the MoE model extract features and experts are called upon to evaluate those features. For example, MoEs can be used to create a translation system, with each expert cluster learning to handle a separate part of speech or special grammatical rule.
Compared with other model architectures, MoEs have distinct advantages. They can respond to circumstances with specialization, allowing the model to display a greater range of behaviors. The experts can receive a mix of data, and when the model is in operation, only a few experts are active — even a huge model needs only a small amount of processing power.
In fact, MoE is one of the few approaches demonstrated to scale to more than a trillion parameters, paving the way for models capable of powering computer vision, speech recognition, natural language processing, and machine translation systems, among others. In machine learning, parameters are the part of the model that’s learned from historical training data. Generally speaking, especially in the language domain, the correlation between the number of parameters and sophistication has held up well.
Tutel mainly focuses on the optimizations of MoE-specific computation. In particular, the library is optimized for Microsoft’s new Azure NDm A100 v4 series instances, which provide a sliding scale of Nvidia A100 GPUs. Tutel has a “concise” interface intended to make it easy to integrate into other MoE solutions, Microsoft says. Alternatively, developers can use the Tutel interface to incorporate standalone MoE layers into their own DNN models from scratch.
Above: For a single MoE layer, Tutel achieves an 8.49 times speedup on an NDm A100 v4 node with 8 GPUs and a 2.75 times speedup on 64 NDm A100 v4 nodes with 512 A100 GPUs, Microsoft claims.
“Because of the lack of efficient implementations, MoE-based models rely on a naive combination of multiple off-the-shelf operators provided by deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch and TensorFlow to compose the MoE computation. Such a practice incurs significant performance overheads thanks to redundant computation,” Microsoft wrote in a blog post. (Operators provide a model with a known dataset that includes desired inputs and outputs). “Tutel designs and implements multiple highly optimized GPU kernels to provide operators for MoE-specific calculation.”
Tutel is available in open source on GitHub. Microsoft says that the Tutel development team will “be actively integrating” various emerging MoE algorithms from the community into future releases.
“MoE is a promising technology. It enables holistic training based on techniques from many areas, such as systematic routing and network balancing with massive nodes, and can even benefit from GPU-based acceleration. We demonstrate an efficient MoE implementation, Tutel, that resulted in significant gain over the fairseq framework. Tutel has been integrated [with our] DeepSpeed framework, as well, and we believe that Tutel and related integrations will benefit Azure services, especially for those who want to scale their large models efficiently,” MicrosoftLaunching in Q4 of 2022 – TBA
NewEarth University – INDIA Campus in Kerala, India
Where Nature is the Campus
Inaugural Ceremony
(on-site & virtual) was held on December 21, 2020 (Solstice)
Esteemed Guests and Faculty from the NEU-India Campus joined with the worldwide online NewEarth University (NEU)
Soft-launch Event Facilitators:
Mr. Anil Joseph, MBA (NEU-India Campus Director)
Sacha Stone (Founder of Humanitad, the ITNJ, NewEarth Horizon & the NewEarth movement)
Reverend Dr Nancy Ash (NEU Co-founder and worldwide Chancellor)
The Vision
In the lush healing mountain vistas of Kerala, So. India, we join together in Oneness for the sovereign upliftment of humanity through peaceful, harmonious & spirited conversation with renowned Scholars, Teachers, Researchers and Spiritual Leaders.
Students will arrive from around the world to UN-learn. To exhale. To study… and rest; then study a bit more.
All join to celebrate the wonderment of being alive. To dance. To pray. To BE.
Every Soul will experience a profound regeneration of themselves through the deepening of their sacred communion with Nature.
All attune to the greening, the healing… of their blessed Sovereign Selves.
Now… imagine BEING there!
3,000 pristine green acres of land and lakes in Peermade surround – you – with the beautiful bounty of Mother Nature. This NEU-India Campus is focused on cutting-edge Research in Green Technology and all related Ecology & Regeneration Projects for planetary wellbeing – Earth and all of her sentient beings.
NEU-INDIA is quite suitable for hosting life-enhancing International Symposia and Retreats in alignment with the Humanitad Foundation and greater NewEarth University.
About 3 hours from Kochi International Airport, this Green Nature Campus features the renowned 19th Century Tyford Tea Plantation & Gardens at Peermade Hills, Tyford.
NewEarth University – INDIA is an international on-site campus designed for all:
100%
International University
International Programs
International Campus
International Faculty
International Students
International Eco Systems
IN INDIA
GENERAL MILESTONES & TIMELINES
DECEMBER 21 (SOLSTICE) – 2020 √
Project Announcement – Virtual Launch / Inaugural Ceremony
Q4 – 2022
Soft Launch – START Satellite
Nature Campus in Peermade to commence development and implementation of Training Programs
Q4 / Q4 – 2022
Development of Project Curriculum & Training
Q1 – 2023 (exact dates TBA)
Global Summit/Retreat ~ Development/Implementation of Project Curriculum
2023 Global Summit/Retreat (Dates TBA)
An immersion of pure-truth – critical thinking and enrichment from the heart from the world’s brightest minds… new-paradigm learning surrounded by Nature… as Nature IS the campus.
After our many challenges of 2020 … continuing into 2021 … and now, 2022 …
By the end of the next year we plan to gather for blissful escapades at the brand new three thousand acre NewEarth University – INDIA Campus, which lies in the lush green mountains of Southern India. This mountainous region of Kerala features the sprawling Tyford Estate famed for its beauty and luxury enveloping the town of Elappara.
This is a sacred place where limits are off-limit. A world away from worlds… 50 kms from Thekkady; 80 kms from Kottayam Railways Station; about three hours drive from Kerala International Airport; and 35 kms from the proposed Erumeli Airport.
The entire Campus offers a stunningly beautiful, sophisticated yet quiet environment noted for its lush vegetation and lakes surrounded by green fields of freshly harvested cardamom, coffee, pepper and a modern operating tea plantation established in 1862. Some tea plants are about 150 years old blessed by the hands of history!
NEU-INDIA will offer the perfect mix of comfort and mountain vista remoteness perfect for international research and study projects.
The inaugural Campus presently features a mix of comfortable modern guest accommodations with our in-house Chef and staff.
As your steaming cup of delicious tea is lovingly poured while gazing to the lush landscape, your Soul will delight in the aroma and taste of Mother India.
On behalf of all faculty, fellows and administration at the NewEarth University,
Warmest Congratulations to NEU-INDIA where Nature IS the Campus!
~ NEU Worldwide Chancellor, Dr. Nancy Ash
The small town of Winston sits in the lush valleys of southern Oregon, where the mountains of pine and fir give way to delicately rolling hills and vineyards. A 92-mile drive north of Medford, and set off the Interstate, Winston is known for being home to the Wildlife Safari Park. Though the town is small, there are plenty of RV parks in the area to choose from.
Close to the Wildlife Park
The Wildlife Safari RV Park is located a quarter mile from the entrance to the wildlife park. There are 15 RV sites available on a first-come, first-served basis. Travelers can pay extra to have water and electrical hookups.
Less than a half mile from the Wildlife Safari, the Umpqua Safari RV Park beckons you to "make our park your home while you explore southwest Oregon." According to their website, the landscaped sites are pull-through and can accommodate even the largest RV. All sites have full hookups, with the option of adding cable TV.
Northern Winston Area
In northern Winston, on either side of the South Umpqua River, are two privately owned campgrounds: South Fork RV Park and Rising River RV Park. The South Umpqua River flows calmly on its wide riverbed through this area, creating a popular area for fishing. The Rising River RV Park has access to the river for fishing, swimming and kayaking. According to Woodall's, all 68 sites at this campground have full hookups and cable TV.
Campgrounds in Southern Winston
At the southern edge of downtown Winston is the River Bend RV Park, so named for its proximity to the curving path of the South Umpqua River. This campground is also near the Riverbend Park, where skateboarders and sport cyclists can try the skate and bicycle park. The Outdoor Theater hosts live music events throughout July and August.
Just past the outskirts of town, five miles down the Old Highway 99, plenty of entertainment is waiting at On the River Golf & RV Resort. The six-hole golf course has par-3 holes with strategically placed sand and water hazards. From the dock, you can swim or launch a canoe or fish for smallmouth bass or steelhead along their 4000 feet of river frontage.
Area Day Trips
Having a fun RV vacation is often about combining a great location with fun day trips, and Winston is bursting with activities. Drive your car to the gates of the Wildlife Safari just outside of town, where you can take the half-day driving tour of the park. Wine tours allow you to sample from the premium vineyards of the area. The Umpqua National Forest holds a myriad of trails, and is less than an hour away.
Climate
The mild climate of the Umpqua River Valley brings warm summers and mild winters. Temperatures rise to the 70s and 80s in the summertime, with little rain from June through September. The wintertime does get more rain, but many of the area campgrounds stay open all year long.
References
- Umpqua Safari RV Park
- Wildlife Safari: Park Info
- "Woodall's North American Campground Directory"; 2008
- Welcome to the City of Winston
- On The River Golf & RV Park.How To Manifest What U Want
How To Manifest What U Want: How Does Manifestation Work?
Do you find it tough to manifest the important things you want right into your life?
Possibly you comply with the Law of Attraction and also just can’t rather conquer manifestation? It can be challenging initially, once you master it, manifesting can come to be second nature to you. How To Manifest What U Want
Perhaps you are uncertain of what manifestation actually means. Or perhaps you require quality on what the function of manifestation is! In order to be successful in your manifestations, you require to genuinely believe in them.
So, it deserves recognizing the ins and outs of just what manifestation is and how to correctly manifest what you want. Prior to I share my manifestation overview with you, let’s take a look at what manifestation means and how it functions.
What Does ‘Manifestation’ Mean?
There are many different ‘meanings’ of the word manifest, but the easiest would certainly be that a manifestation is ‘something that is taken into your physical reality with thought, sensations, and ideas’.
This implies that whatever you focus on is what you are bringing into your fact. You might concentrate as well as manifest via reflection, visualization or just via your aware or subconscious.
This procedure Is Called Manifesting!
Drawing in riches, success and all the good ideas in life needs education. No, I’m not speaking about being in the classroom. I’m discussing examining the Law of Attraction as well as exercising the act of manifestation. It may seem odd, yet it’s something you can learn quite easily.
This is exactly what how to manifest what u want is about How To Manifest What U Want
You just require to apply it on a consistent basis in order to get efficient it, as is true with any type of ability.
Learn More About How To Manifest What U Want Here –>
Some people seem to be naturally good at attracting wealth. However, that does not mean you can’t learn to be proficient at it too.
One important aspect, is thinking that you should have things you desire so strongly, it becomes a part of your extremely being. It has nothing to do with good luck. It’s about placing on your own abreast with what you desire.
In order to start out when traveling to attracting every little thing you want in life, you must first understand the essentials of the Law of Attraction.
For example, if you have actually been thinking of obtaining a new task as well as you concentrated on specifically what you desired and when you wanted it, your thoughts as well as feelings would be solid bordering this. This is precisely what how to manifest what u want is all about. You might then attempt to meditate or picture your objective and also this can help to manifest it right into your fact.
If you after that got your new task and also it was whatever you desired, you would have effectively manifested it right into your life. So, since you know what manifestation means, it’s time to find out exactly how manifestation functions.
Exactly How Does Manifestation Work?
Like with the Law of Attraction, a manifestation is where your ideas and your energy can create your fact. If you are constantly being negative and feeling down, then you are going to bring in as well as manifest adverse power to be able to how to manifest what u want.
The first thing to do when manifesting is to have a look at your ideas and also sensations. Are you feeling unfavorable? Do your thoughts surround negativeness?
If so, you might begin to manifest points you don’t want in your fact. This is why it’s important to remove your mind and have a favorable mind when you are wishing to manifest.
How To Manifest What U Want
Manifestation doesn’t simply collaborate with your ideas, there needs to be a form of action on your component. This could be in fact applying for the tasks that match what you are looking for as well as going to the meetings.
Attempting to picture your ideas and also feelings about your job; this will then help you to really feel more positive and also motivated to make these changes a reality. This will certainly after that push you to take some action and also, inevitably, manifest your objectives right into your life.
How To Manifest Anything In 5 Actions
When you review the Law of Attraction, it can occasionally seem like it will take months or years to manifest anything you prefer. This is crucial to make how to manifest what u want work. Nevertheless, experts suggest that if you very carefully work your way via 4 distinctive manifestation steps, it’s feasible to get results a whole lot more quickly.
As a matter of fact, if you are questioning how to manifest anything in simply 1 day, you might just need 5 steps.
So, if you follow this simple manifestation guide, you may well get precisely what you desire in 1 day or even less!
( And also if you think you might have a manifestation block, you can take this quiz to find out what is vigorously holding you back.).
Manifestation Action 1: Select What You Want To Manifest.
When you select something details to manifest, it’s important that you know precisely why you desire this certain point in your life. And when you’re trying to manifest something in simply 1 day, you likewise have to pick something you think you can manifest in a day.
So, for example, there’s little point in saying you wish to begin a brand-new service in 24-hour unless you in fact believe you can obtain this objective in the following day. Nevertheless, you might well believe that you can effectively manifest the next step in your journey to a new service in a day, in which case you could set that as your goal (e.g. to finish a company strategy, obtain a finance you require, or discover someone to work together with).
So if something isn’t occurring for you today, it does not suggest it never ever will. Keep thinking as well as maintain servicing your objective.When choosing a thing to manifest, ask on your own the complying with concerns:
- Do I really desire this, in my heart of hearts?
- How will I gain from having this?
- When I think of having this, does it feel right?
- Just how will it benefit me and also for others?
Whatever desire should be the better excellent, as well as something you want by itself; probably something that’s a substantial step on the trip in the direction of a higher manifestation goal.
So, in sum: determine what you want, actually get in touch with the intent to have it, and think that you will obtain what you ask for.
Manifestation Step 2: Get Rid Of Things That Stand In Your Means.
Sadly, almost always there will be something standing in your method to success. This should not frighten you, this is simply part of the whole manifestation procedure.
Keep an eye out for these 3 most typical manifestation blocks:
->Adverse beliefs/mindset. How To Manifest What U Want
If you are in a negative location emotionally, you need to first obtain right into the appropriate way of thinking before you can effectively manifest anything. You can’t be focusing on negative thoughts as well as expect to bring in good things right into your life. So spend some time to practice self-care. Attempt meditation and different stress-relief methods.
->Toxic individuals.
When you are working on manifesting your desire you need to make sure no one is holding you back. Individuals who do not believe in you, always slam you and/or whine about everything are obstructs that will certainly keep you from doing your ideal.
In some cases you simply require to be individual. Every little thing you desire will occur. but it will occur at the right time and also for the ideal reasons. Kick back as well as think about exactly how your manifestation procedure is addressing the minute.
Do you feel like you get on the right course or is something holding you back?
If you’re uncertain what it is that’s entering your means, take this complimentary cutting-edge 60-second test. You will certainly receive a cost-free tailored video report on what precisely is energetically holding you back from drawing in the prosperity, love, happiness, and abundance that you desire.
Manifestation Step 3: Envision What You Wished To Manifest.
You possibly currently understand the essentials of visualization and have at the very least attempted to exercise those techniques a couple of times. On your existing manifestation pursuit, start by going someplace that’s quiet as well as personal, as well as invest simply a minute on envisioning the thing you desire.
Learn More About How To Manifest What U Want Here –>
Put all your power and also concentration right into seeing it with your mind’s eye, as well as allow all the fellow feelings about the things or result well up inside you.
This step functions best if you do a multi-sensory visualization; if you can see, hear, odor, touch as well as (if pertinent) taste the end result you’re wanting to create. Make it as actual as you possibly can, so it’s practically like it’s yours already.
Include as numerous information as you can, and don’t attempt to imagine precisely just how the thing or result becomes your own; rather, emphasis entirely on completion outcome of obtaining what you prefer.
When it comes to the issue of “How To Manifest What U Want”:
Don’t think about just how your preferred item or outcome will manifest and also do not try to see it involving you with any type of certain individual or indicates. Your emphasis needs to be on completion outcome of receiving things of your need.
Manifestation Action 4: Take Action To Manifest What You Want.
You can invest the rest of your day basically living as you generally would; there isn’t any particular activity you need to take in order to make manifestation possible (your intentions are what will establish your success). Rather, as soon as you have actually ended up actions 1-2 as explained above, you are simply awaiting what you wish to show up.
Nonetheless, if you feel the urge to do something certain; whether it immediately makes sense or it’s more of an intuition-based yearning. Then think about following your gut as well as taking that action. If it really feels natural, do it!
If you find that you do not get the end result you want within 24 hours or less, recall at the first 2 actions and also return via them. In some cases, listing what you want (and also several of the answers to the particular questions postured) can offer deep space the additional nudge it requires to sustain your manifestation.
There are some common reasons that you might not appear swiftly. Particularly, consider whether you’re questioning the procedure; do you either not think you’ll get what you ask for since you don’t believe you deserve it, or perhaps question whether it’s feasible to manifest utilizing the Law of Attraction? Any type of type of adverse sensations (e.g. anxiousness, fear, anger, and uncertainty) or negative beliefs can hinder your outcomes.
Learn More About How To Manifest What U Want Here –>
Manifestation Action 5: Identify And Also Appreciate.
Although this final step could not look that substantial initially glance, it can really do a great deal to shape your manifestation capacity in the future. Generally, the vital thought right here is that you need to totally appreciate what you have as soon as you accomplish your objective.
It can be easy to fail to remember that you requested for what you obtained, so take positive actions to avoid this.
Go back to what you initially assumed and also really felt when you were imagining your desired things or result, and also link those experiences with the new experience of having what you want. Consider the substantial proof you have that thoughts are things, which believing in a certain method can develop concrete adjustments worldwide around you.
The more you make this link and stress it, the better you’ll be at manifesting in the future (as you’ll change negative, restricting beliefs as well as uncertainties with confident, favorable thoughts as well as sensations).
On The Verge Of Manifestation?
So, you’ve ended up all of our manifestation steps and you feel positive and inspired … currently what? Well, as long as you can hang on to this sensation as well as stay positive, concentrate on your goals and also take some type of activity– then you have actually done all you can!
This means that you are on the brink of manifestation, as well as there are some indicators that you must keep an eye out for in order to know your manifestation is close. It might feel like absolutely nothing has actually taken place after you have actually alloted time to really believe and feel your indications, but that’s just the beginning.
These signs are likely to simply appear to you, even if you aren’t trying to find them.
Signs Your Manifestation Is Close.
When you are attempting to manifest something into your life, there are many indications that you need to be watching out for in order to know that your manifestation is close. Some will certainly be small indications, and also others may be looking you right in the face, without you knowing.
Below are several of the indications that might concern you when your manifestation is close:
Reading about your wishes. This could be hearing a person’s discussion or paying attention to the radio, where they are discussing the very thing that you desire.
Feeling excited. If you start to develop a feeling of enjoyment in spite of there not being a reason, this could be a sign that your manifestation is close.How To Manifest What U Want
You see duplicating numbers. Repeating numbers have crucial significances and these are a great indicator that your manifestation is close. Take notice of the numbers you see.
Other people speaking about your goals. Individuals in your life may bring up your objectives in conversation, telling you that you would be proficient at something (even if they are unaware that this is your goal).how to manifest what u want
These are just a couple of signs to show that your manifestation is close to remaining in your reality. Make certain to keep note of the signs you are seeing and also really feel excited that your indications are close.
Why Manifestation Is Not Working For You.
Do you need some added help with your Law of Attraction trip? Possibly you really feel that there is something that’s holding you back? Click on the link listed below to take this Law of Attraction test and also obtain your cost-free report to reveal how to unlock your manifesting powers.
how to manifest what u want: After taking this test, you will discover what is holding you back from drawing in love, happiness, as well as abundance right into your life. This can aid you to begin manifesting as well as attracting what you prefer, into your life.Serenity Caravan Park
Caravan Park
4.5 from 35 users
39 Moreton St, Toogoom, Queensland
FB/Serenity-Caravan-Park-Toogoom-349070915110081: -25.248106 Lng: 152.663267
User Reviews
Wanderer6668
Just spent 5 wonderful days here and we will be back. Malcolm and Leanne, the wonderful, friendly owners, do a fantastic job keeping the park tidy and are very helpful and full of knowledge about the local area. With the river so close it was great for kayaking. There is a general store not far away and a couple of Cafe/ restaurants within walking distance. Highly recommend. Shayne and Donna
Dundreamn
We've enjoyed a couple of days here and Leanne and Malcolm have done a great job with the work they've done Tim and l would like to wish you all the best in the future...who knows we may bump into you guys in Hervey Bay...thanks again.
Peter Clear
Cracker of a spot. Loved our stay at this boutique over 50"s park. All you could ask for, friendly hosts, spotlessly clean and well maintained. 5 stars from us.Fabricated Grating
Fabricated aluminum plank grating from IKG® is the perfect solution for applications where a low cost, easy to install, lightweight yet strong product is required. High quality extruded aluminum plank sections are available in sizes and styles to meet every application. Our engineers help determine the best fit for your application and ensure it is fabricated properly at every stage of the manufacturing process. The plank can also be cut at the job site if needed.
The strength of aluminum plank features a flush surface for added comfort and safety. Both rectangular, square and circular patterns are available with horizontal or bi-directional ridges to reduce the chance of slipping. The aluminum material means the plank is non-magnetic, non-sparking and corrosion resistant in most environments.
Applications
Fabricated make IKG aluminum plank ideal for wastewater treatment plants, especially in the clarifier areas of the plant where the scrubbers are located.
Transportation
The high strength ration per pound make aluminum plank ideal for truck beds in both commercial and residential use.
Walkways
Fabricated aluminum plank grating provides a flush walking surface and high strength-to-weight ratio. The many surface types available in aluminum planking provide a comfortable, safe walking surface for pedestrian walkways in cities and municipalities.
Industry
Aluminum plank”, 1”, 1-1/4”, 1-1/2”, 1-3/4”, 2”, 2-1/4”, and 2-1/2” depths.
Style “RU” – (Rectangular Upset Punched)
An upset punched 19/32″ x 3″ rectangular opening for increased skid resistance resulting in a 37.1% open area.
Available in Aluminum at ¾”, 1”, 1-1/4”, 1-1/2”, 1-3/4”, 2”, 2-1/4”, and 2-1/2” depths.
Style “SU” – (Square Upset Punched)
An upset punched 19/32″ square opening for increased skid resistance resulting in a 22.3% open area.
Available in Aluminum at ¾”, 1”, 1-1/4”, 1-1/2”, 1-3/4”, 2”, 2-1/4”, and 2-1/2” depths.At the risk of becoming the first Internets Anonymous blog, I thought that all those of you out there who feel like your habits are getting out of hand might like this useful tool to monitor your focus: the interruptron.
It’s just a neato little gadget that lets you monitor when you’re working on task and when your attention drifts away (the name seems to suppose that others are interrupting you, but I think we all know that you are the biggest interrupter you’ve got to deal with).
4 thoughts on “behold, the interruptron”
That’s awesome. Thanks! I’ve been tracking my time a bit like that in excel, but that looks like a much easier tool. I just read the book that advises you to brainwash yourself to get back to work and it had a strong emphasis on tracking interruptions (and training yourself not to lose focus), too.
Is it too honest to admit that I would actually use this tool TO procrastinate, rather than to avoid it?
Statements about how sometimes people interrupt their work *as much as every 10 minutes* makes me feel like my brain is some kind of alien being. My brain is constantly cycling through things like the way the eye saccades.
I wrote a good chunk of my book on the (10+2)*5 plan, so I am with you in having difficulty sustaining focus.The most alarming connection is that between obesity and cardiovascular diseases and to prevent it you could know How one can shed some pounds and inculcate a healthy life-style. This lack of physical exercise mixed with unhealthy food habits is the basis trigger of obesity. This sort of eating pattern can also affect our common health – just one cycle of weight loss. So, make the most of our aim weight calculator to achieve your healthy weight objectives within a specific time. Take a while to mirror in your eating patterns. In simple words, a calorie is the unit of energy that helps to measures the quantity of energy within the meals and drinks that you devour. What power are you burning through motion? What energy (weight loss program) are you taking in?
Don’t change every little thing directly – a couple of small tweaks to your weight-reduction plan. It’s easy to get overwhelmed by all the data available .If you wish to drop a few pounds, a very good start can be to base your weight-reduction plan on the Australian Guide to Healthy Eating . As a substitute start small. Steadily work in direction of your objective. 3. Exercise.-A goodly amount of average exercise is a necessity, and a large quantity of labor may be completed if prudence is properly exercised. Don’t go overboard. Work on tough estimates. There are different causes similar to sitting for a long time period, lifting weights improperly, stress or emotional problems that may lead to ache and causes muscle tension, and from sporting excessive heals. By lifting weights, you’ll be capable of burn lots of calories and it prevents your metabolism from slowing down.
3500 calories) every week or 500 calories every day. Search for little methods to be extra energetic so you can begin to increase the amount of energy you burn, which is able to enable you drop some pounds. Any themes you identified after completing your meals diary can then begin to be addressed in a healthier approach. Remember, you must solely add extra foods after you’ve gotten covered your nutrient wants with selections from the healthier food groups. Obesity is the most typical aspect effect of a fast paced but largely sedentary lifestyle. With the fast paced lives that individuals lead, every little thing is out there at the touch of a button. Next is to offer people a chance to get their sea legs on quick coaching voyages earlier than heading offshore. To empower folks with the knowledge they needed to stay secure. You’ll find a lot of invaluable info relating to pure remedies for sinus infection. Of course, weight loss takes lots of time, commitment, and even physical works and simply it’s nearly never a smooth experience.
There are many misconceptions about dropping weight. How many Calories Should I Burn A Day To Lose weight Calculator? It isn’t obligatory to depend calories to shed pounds on this plan, but it surely is important to strictly keep your carbs in the 20-50 gram range, and the rest of the calories from protein & fats. But, don’t fret, our online free body weight planner helps you to make customized calorie on your bodily activity plans to achieve a healthy objective weight within a specific time period. Don’t aim to eat chocolates, cakes, ice creams, etc! Upon getting made the choice to drop a few pounds, it’s a good suggestion to understand your present state of affairs – what are your eating and exercise habits? But, do you’ve gotten an idea that obesity can set off mental illness like depression, bipolar disorder, and anxiety. Have a regular sample of eating and stick to it. Motion in the beginning can make a giant distinction. It doesn’t mean in any respect that you’ll develop into a rock star just by losing weight, but it is going to assist you to spice up your confidence and even develop a optimistic perspective in direction of yourself and all the pieces else! If you’re carrying excess weight, altering the way you eat and increasing your bodily exercise, in a manner that you would be able to continue with over the longer term, is the best way to lose and maintain weight loss.73ab0a2c957f3e6db491fbd90a9fe1e8.ppt
- Количество слайдов: 127
Module 3: Standards Module DOREEN FINN, RN, BSN, MBA Senior Associate Director Standards Interpretation Group Division of Healthcare Improvement 1
Faculty Introduction(s) DOREEN FINN, RN, BSN, MBA Senior Associate Director Standards Interpretation Group Division of Healthcare Improvement 22
Welcome and Introduction • This module is 1 out of 9 available to help prepare candidates towards the JCCAP exam. Additional webinar modules include: – Understanding the Joint Commission’s Accreditation Process – Organizational Analysis – How to Engage Your Medical Staff into The Joint Commission Accreditation Process – Environment of Care – Leadership – Performance Improvement – Patient Safety – Understanding the CMS Regulatory and Survey Process for Hospitals 33
Welcome and Introduction • Please note that all modules and Exam Questions related to the JCCAP product line are specifically related to The Comprehensive Accreditation Manual for Hospitals, in addition to CMS related materials • JCCAP Questions – Please visit www. jcrinc. com/jccap – Email questions to: [email protected] com 44
JCCAP Module 3: Standards Disclosure Statement The following staff and speakers have disclosed that they do not have any financial arrangements or affiliations with corporate organizations that either provide educational grants to this program or may be referenced in this activity: – – Speaker Program Manager Nurse Planner Other planning team member The following staff and speakers have verbally disclosed their arrangements and affiliations: Not Applicable to this presentation Furthermore, each of the previously named speakers has also attested that their discussions will not include any unapproved or off-label use of products. 55
Publications and Record Restrictions • The program may be electronically recorded by JCR and is subject to the protection of the copyright laws of the US. No individual or entity other than JCR may electronically record any portion of these programs for any purpose without the written permission of JCR. Any and all reproduction or publication of these proceedings and programs for commercial purposes by anyone other than JCR is prohibited. 6
Learning Objectives • Describe a Standard and Element of Performance • Describe how each chapter supports quality of care and positively effects health outcomes • Apply the information learned to continuous survey readiness 77
Tips for Using Module • Optimize your experience – Viewers are encouraged to pause your screen at any time to bring other staff and faculty in to segments that you find appropriate for team building and/or communication – Take advantage of printing out the slides (pdf available on the left side bar) for easy note taking – Make sure to review attached links, documents and references mentioned throughout this module (available on the left side bar) 88
Anatomy of a Chapter • Overview • Outline • Definition of Standards • Element of Performance (EP) 99
Human Resources (HR) • Standards and EPs address the following: • Staffing • Qualifications • Orientation • Training and Education • Competence • Evaluation of Performance 10 10
Human Resources (HR) • Pharmacist requirement HR. 01. 01 • Staff qualifications • Current license and of Practice HR. 01. 02. 01 • Staff competency HR. 01. 06. 01 • Staff evaluations HR. 01. 07. 01 HR. 01. 02. 07 Scope 11 11
HR. 01. 01 Staffing • Deemed status purposes: • A full-time, part-time, or consulting pharmacist develops, supervises, and coordinates all the activities of the pharmacy department / services. 12 12
HR. 01. 02. 05 Qualifications • When law or regulation requires care providers to be currently licensed, certified, or registered to practice their professions, the hospital both verifies these credentials with the primary source and documents this verification when a provider is hired and when his or her credentials are renewed. 13 13
HR. 01. 02. 05 Qualifications • The hospital verifies and documents that the applicant has the education and experience required by the job responsibilities. 14 14
HR. 01. 02. 05 Qualifications • The hospital obtains a criminal background check on the applicant as required by law and regulation or hospital policy. • Criminal background checks are documented. 15 15
HR. 01. 02. 05 Qualifications • The hospital confirms that nonemployees who are brought into the hospital by a licensed independent practitioner to provide care, treatment, or services have the same qualifications and competencies required of employed individuals performing the same or similar services at the hospital. 16 16
HR. 01. 02. 07 Qualifications • All staff who provide patient care, treatment, and services: 1. Possess a current license, certification, or registration 2. Practice within the scope of their license in accordance with law and regulation 17 17
HR. 01. 04. 01 Orientation • The hospital orients its staff to key safety content before staff provide care, treatment or services. • Completion of this orientation is documented. 18 18
HR. 01. 05. 03 Training and Education • Staff participate in ongoing education and training to maintain or increase their competency. Staff participation is documented. 19 19
HR. 01. 05. 03 Training and Education • The hospital provides education and training that addresses: 1. How to identify early warning signs of a change in a patient’s condition 2. How to respond to a deteriorating patient, including when to contact responsible clinicians 3. Participation is documented 20 20
HR. 01. 06. 01 Competency • Staff are competent to perform their responsibilities. 21 21
HR. 01. 07. 01 Evaluations • Staff are evaluated based on performance expectations that reflect job responsibilities • Evaluation is performed at least every three years 22 22
Infection Control (IC) • Standards and EPs address the following: • Planning • Implementation • Evaluation 23 23
IC. 01 Planning • • • Responsibility Resources Risks Goals Activities Influx IC. 01. 01 IC. 01. 02. 01 IC. 01. 03. 01 IC. 01. 04. 01 IC. 01. 05. 01 IC. 01. 06. 01 24 24
IC. 01. 01 Responsibility • The [organization] identifies the individual(s) responsible for the infection prevention and control program. 1. Clinical Authority (Program) 2. Daily management of infection prevention and control activities 25 25
IC. 01. 02. 01 Resources • Hospital leaders allocate needed resources for the infection prevention and control program. 26 26
IC. 01. 02. 01 Resources • The hospital provides equipment and supplies to support the infection prevention and control program. 27 27
IC. 01. 02. 01 Resources • • Other education Daily lab services Adequate number of isolation carts Available Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) 28 28
IC. 01. 03. 01 Risk Assessment • The hospital identifies risks for acquiring and transmitting infections. • The risk assessment is the cornerstone upon which the IC program is built. EXAMPLE: Food and Drink in clinical areas 29 29
IC. 01. 04. 01 Goals • Based on the identified risks, the hospital sets goals 30 30
IC. 01. 04. 01 Goals • The hospital's written infection prevention and control goals include the following: 1. Improving compliance with hand hygiene guidelines. 2. Limit the transmission of infections 31 31
IC. 01. 04. 01 Goals • Limiting unprotected exposure to pathogens 1. Isolation systems 2. Bloodborne pathogens 3. Waste disposal 32 32
Infection Control (IC) • There is a relationship of Goals to Evaluation ***Remember*** Your evaluation must address success or failure of goals. Be sure to consider this when formulating your goals. 33 33
IC. 01. 05. 01 Written IC Plan • When developing the plan, use evidencebased national guidelines or, in the absence of such guidelines, expert consensus. CDC- Center for Disease Control HICPAC- Healthcare Infection Control Advisory Committee NQF- National Quality Forum 34 34
IC. 01. 05. 01 Written Plan • The surveyor: – Will ask the ICP how these evidenced base guidelines have been considered in the design of interventions – Will ask about the newest one or two guidelines – the ICP should be able to discuss them – May want to reference them in policies and procedures 35 35
IC. 01. 05. 01 Written Plan The plan includes a written description of: 1. The activities to minimize, reduce or eliminate the risk of infection. 2. The process to evaluate the plan. 3. The process of investigating outbreaks of infectious disease. 36 36
Infection Control (IC) “The hospital describes, in writing, the process for investigating outbreaks of infectious disease. ” • The surveyor might ask– Has this been predetermined? – Does the method chosen “close the loop” 37 37
IC. 02 Implementation • Plan Implementation • Medical Equipment, and Supplies • Transmission of Infections • Influenza Vaccinations IC. 02. 01 Devices, IC. 02. 01 IC. 02. 03. 01 IC. 02. 04. 01 38 38
IC. 02. 01 Implementation • Surveillance is used to minimize, reduce or eliminate the risk of infections. • Examples of findings that are frequently scored here are: • dirty ceiling tiles • dirty carts or wheelchairs, • ripped or cracked chairs/mattresses 39 39
IC. 02. 01 Implementation Minimize the risk of infection when storing and disposing of infectious waste. The surveyor might ask: “How does IC work with facilities and housekeeping to prevent exposure? ” 40 40
IC. 02. 01 Medical Equipment, Devices and Supplies • The hospital reduces the risk of infections associated with medical equipment, devices, and supplies. • This standard is frequently scored among non -compliant standards for Hospitals. 41 41
IC. 02. 01 Cleaning and Disinfecting • The hospital implements IC activities when doing the following: Cleaning and performing low-level disinfection of medical supplies and devices. • Surveyors might question the staff about low level disinfection products and how they are used. 42 42
IC. 02. 01 High-Level Disinfection & Sterilization • The hospital implements IC activities when performing intermediate and high-level disinfection and sterilization of medical equipment, devices, and supplies. • See July 2009 Perspectives (Steam Sterilization) • See HICPAC’s “Guideline for Disinfection and Sterilization in Healthcare Facilities, 2008” 43 43
IC. 02. 01 Storage • The hospital implements IC activities when storing medical equipment, devices, and supplies. • The surveyor will look for expired supplies, proper storage of medical equipment (how do you know equipment is clean) 44 44
IC. 02. 03. 01 Staff Health Screening • The hospital makes screening for exposure and/or immunity to infectious disease available to licensed independent practitioners (LIP) and staff who may come in contact with infections at the workplace. 45 45
IC. 02. 04. 01 Influenza Vaccination • The hospital offers vaccination against influenza to licensed independent practitioners and staff annually. • The hospital includes in its infection control plan the goal of improving influenza vaccination rates. 46 46
IC. 02. 04. 01 Influenza Vaccination • The hospital educates licensed independent practitioners and staff about, at a minimum, 1. the influenza vaccine 2. non-vaccine prevention measures 3. the diagnosis, transmission, and impact of influenza 47 47
IC. 02. 04. 01 Influenza Vaccination • The hospital annually evaluates vaccination rates and the reasons given for declining the influenza vaccination. • The hospital takes steps to increase influenza vaccination rates. 48 48
IC. 03. 01 Evaluation • The hospital evaluates the effectiveness of its IC plan’s risks, activities and goals. • The organization must ask, “How did we do? ” 49 49
IC. 03. 01 Evaluation • Findings from the evaluation are communicated at least annually to the individuals or interdisciplinary group that manages the patient safety program. 50 50
Information Management (IM) • Standards and EP’s address the following: • Planning for the management of information • Health Information – protecting the privacy, capturing, storing and retrieving data 51 51
Information Management (IM) • Plan IM. 01. 01 • Written plan for managing interruptions IM. 01. 03 • Protects the privacy of health information (HIPAA) IM. 02. 01 52 52
Information Management (IM) • Security and integrity of health information • Manages the collection of health information • Retrieves, disseminates, transmits health useful IM. 02. 01. 03 IM. 02. 01 and information in formats IM. 02. 03 53 53
IM. 03. 01 Knowledge-based Resources • The hospital provides access to knowledgebased information resources 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. • Provides knowledge-based information resources that are not available on site by cooperative or contractual arrangements 54 54
Medication Management (MM) • Standards and EP’s address the following: • High alert and hazardous medications • Safe storage • Ordering • Labeling 55 55
MM. 01. 03 High Alert/Hazardous Medication • Must be identified in writing • Must have a process for managing and implement the process • Must report abuses and losses of controlled substances, according to law and regulation 56 56
MM. 01. 02. 01 Look-alike/ Sound-alike Medications • Develop a look-alike/sound-alike list • Take action to prevent errors • Annually reviews and, as necessary, revises the list 57 57
MM. 03. 01 Safe Storage • A process exists for ensuring that medications are stored safely and at the correct temperature. • All medications are stored in a secure area, and locked when necessary, in accordance with law and regulation. • This standard is frequently scored. 58 58
MM. 03. 01 Safe Storage • Define the process to ensure labeling is occurring as required Example- multi dose vial (FAQ) • Refer to Booster. Pak® MM. 03. 01 59 59
MM. 04. 01 Orders • Standing Order • Must be approved by the Medical Staff • Criteria to trigger standing order • Must have an order to implement the standing order • RN implements the order • MD can sign latter 60 60
MM. 04. 01 Orders • Written policy that defines what action to take when medication orders are incomplete, illegible, or unclear 61 61
MM. 05. 01. 13 • There is a process for providing medications when the pharmacy is closed to meet patient needs. • Store and secure medications approved for use outside the pharmacy. • Only trained, designated prescribers and nurses are permitted access to the approved medications. 62 62
National Patient Safety Goals (NPSG) • Standards and EP’s address the following: • Importance of patient identification • Communication among caregivers • Safety of using medications • Medication reconciliation • Healthcare associated infections • Identifying patients at risk for suicide • Universal Protocol 63 63
Goal 1 - Improve the Accuracy of Patient Identification NPSG. 01. 01 Use two patient identifiers when providing care, treatment and services. Acceptable identifiers may be the individual’s: • name • assigned identification number • telephone number, or other person-specific identifier 64 64
Goal 2 –Improve Communication Among Staff NPSG. 02. 03. 01 • Develop, implement and evaluate procedures for managing critical test results 65 65
Goal 3 - Improve the Safety of Using Medications NPSG. 03. 04. 01 • Label all medications, containers and other solutions on and off the sterile field • The Joint Commission no longer prohibits prelabeling of syringes in the OR 66 66
NPSG. 03. 06. 01 • Document medications the patient is currently taking when admitted to the hospital or is seen in an outpatient setting • Provide the patient or family, with written information on the medications the patient should be taking upon discharge 67 67
Goal 7 – Reduce the Risk of Health Care Associated Infections • NPSG. 07. 01 • Comply with either the CDC or WHO hand hygiene guidelines 68 68
NPSG. 07. 06. 01 • Implement evidence-based practices to prevent health care associated infections due to MRSA, central line associated bloodstream infection (CLABSI), prevent surgical site infections, and prevent indwelling catheter associated urinary tract infections (CAUTI). 69 69
NPSG. 07. 06. 01 • Evidence-based guidelines for CAUTI located at: • http: //www. sheaonline. org/Guidelines. Resources/Compendium of. Strategiesto. Prevent. HAIs. aspx • http: //www. cdc. gov/hicpac 70 70
Goal 15 – Identify Safety Risks Inherent in Patient Population NPSG. 15. 01 • Identify patients at risk for suicide • Booster. Pak® for NPSG. 15. 01 71 71
Universal Protocol • UP. 01. 01 - Conduct a pre-procedure verification process • UP. 01. 02. 01 - Mark the procedure site • UP. 01. 03. 01 - A time-out is performed before the procedure • Most frequently reported sentinel event 72 72
Provision of Care, Treatment and Services (PC) • Standards and EPs address the following: • Plan • Implement • Special Condition • Discharge and Transfer • Blood Safety 73 73
PC. 01. 02. 01 Assessment • The hospital defines, in writing, the scope and content of screening, assessment, and reassessment information it collects. 74 74
PC. 01. 02. 03 Assessment • The hospital defines, in writing, the time frame for the patient’s initial assessment. • The hospital assesses and reassesses the patient and his or her condition according to defined time frames. • This standard is frequently scored among non -compliant standards for Hospitals. 75 75
PC. 01. 02. 03 Assessment • For an H&P examination that was completed within 30 days prior to inpatient admission, an update documenting any changes in the patient’s condition is completed within 24 hours after inpatient admission, but prior to surgery or a procedure requiring anesthesia 76 76
PC. 01. 02. 03 Assessment • If the LIP finds no change in the patient’s condition since the H&P was completed, he may indicate in the medical record that the H&P was reviewed, the patient was examined and that no change in the patient’s condition has occurred. 77 77
PC. 01. 02. 07 Pain Assessment • A comprehensive pain assessment and reassessment is performed. 78 78
PC. 01. 02. 08 Assessment • The patient is assessed for a risk of falls and an intervention is implemented to reduce falls based on the patient’s identified risk. 79 79
PC. 01. 02. 09 Abuse and Neglect • The hospital has written criteria to identify those patients who may be victims of physical/sexual assault, sexual molestation, domestic abuse, or elder or child abuse and neglect. 80 80
PC. 01. 03. 01 Care Plan • The hospital plans the patient’s care, based on needs identified by the patient’s assessment, reassessment, and results of diagnostic testing. 81 81
PC. 02. 01 Providing Care • The hospital provides the patient with care, treatment, and services according to his or her individualized plan of care. 82 82
PC. 02. 01. 03 • Deemed Status – Prior to providing care, treatment, and services, the hospital obtains or renews orders (verbal or written) from a licensed independent practitioner. 83 83
PC. 02. 01. 11 • Resuscitation services are available throughout the hospital. 84 84
PC. 02. 01. 19 • The hospital has a process for recognizing and responding as soon as a patient’s condition appears to be worsening. • Based on the hospital’s early warning criteria, staff seek additional assistance when they have concerns about a patient’s condition. 85 85
PC. 02. 01. 21 • The hospital identifies the patient’s oral and written communication needs, including the patient’s preferred language for discussing health care. • Reference Perspectives, January 2012 • A Roadmap for Hospitals - 2010 86 86
PC. 02. 03 Coordinate Care • The hospital prepares food and nutrition products using proper sanitation, temperature, light, moisture, ventilation, and security. 87 87
PC. 03. 01. 03 Pre-procedure • Before operative or other high-risk procedures are initiated, or before moderate or deep sedation or anesthesia is administered: • The hospital conducts a presedation or preanesthesia patient assessment. 88 88
PC. 03. 01. 05 During the Procedure • The hospital monitors the patient during operative or other high-risk procedures and/or during the administration of moderate or deep sedation or anesthesia. 89 89
PC. 03. 01. 07 Post-procedure • A postanesthesia evaluation is completed and documented by an individual qualified to administer anesthesia no later than 48 hours after surgery or a procedure requiring anesthesia services 90 90
Restraints • For Deemed status Purposes Use PC. 03. 05. 01 - PC. 03. 05. 19 • For Non-Deemed status purposes Use PC. 03. 02. 01 - PC. 03. 31 91 91
PC. 03. 05. 01 • The hospital uses restraint or seclusion only to protect the immediate physical safety of the patient, staff, or others. • Distinguish between restraints for violent, self destructive behavior and non-violent, nonself destructive behavior. 92 92
PC. 03. 05 Restraints • The hospital initiates restraint or seclusion based on an individual order. • The hospital does not use standing orders or PRN (also known as “as needed") orders for restraint or seclusion. 93 93
PC. 03. 05. 11 Restraints • An LIP responsible for the care of the patient evaluates the patient in person within one hour of the initiation of restraint or seclusion used for the management of violent or selfdestructive behavior. 94 94
PC. 03. 05. 11 Restraints • A registered nurse or a physician assistant may conduct the in-person evaluation within one hour of the initiation of restraint or seclusion; this individual is trained in accordance with the requirements in PC. 03. 05. 17. 95 95
PC. 03. 05. 17 Restraints • The hospital trains staff to safely implement the use of restraint or seclusion. 96 96
PC. 03. 05. 19 Restraints • The hospital reports deaths associated with the use of restraint and seclusion to Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). 97 97
PC. 04. 01. 05 Discharge Education • Before the hospital discharges or transfers a patient, it informs and educates the patient about his or her follow-up care. 98 98
Record of Care (RC) • Standards and EP’s address the following: • Plan • Implementation 99 99
RC. 01 Plan • • • Clinical Record Components Authentication Timeliness Audit Retention RC. 01. 01 RC. 01. 02. 01 RC. 01. 03. 01 RC. 01. 04. 01 RC. 01. 05. 01 100
RC. 01. 01 Medical Record • The hospital maintains complete and accurate medical records for each individual patient. • All entries in the medical record are dated and timed. • This standard is frequently scored among non -compliant standards for Hospitals. 101
RC. 01. 02. 01 Authentication • Entries in the medical record are authenticated. 102
RC. 01. 04. 01 Audits • The hospital measures its medical record delinquency rate at regular intervals, but no less than every three months. 103
RC. 01. 05. 01 Retention • The retention time of the original or legally reproduced medical record is determined by its use and hospital policy, in accordance with law and regulation. 104
RC. 02 Implementation • Care, treatment • Verbal Orders • Discharge Information RC. 02. 01 RC. 02. 03. 07 RC. 02. 04. 01 105
RC. 02. 01 Care, Treatment • The medical record contains the patient’s race and ethnicity. (Perspectives, January 2012) 106
RC. 02. 01. 03 • The patient’s medical history and physical examination are recorded in the medical record before an operative or other high-risk procedure is performed. 107
RC. 02. 01. 03 • A procedure report is written or dictated upon completion of the operative or other high-risk procedure and before the patient is transferred to the next level of care. 108
RC. 02. 03. 07 Verbal Orders • Documentation of verbal orders includes: • Date and the names of individuals who 1. Gave 2. Received 3. Recorded 4. Implemented the orders. 109
Rights and Responsibilities (RI) • Standards and EP’s address the following: • Patient Rights • Patient Responsibilities Encourage patients to become more informed and involved in their care. 110
RI. 01 Patient Rights • Developing and Communicating Patient Rights Organization RI. 01. 01 Effective Communication RI. 01. 03 • Participation in Patient Care Decisions RI. 01. 02. 01 111
RI. 01 Patient Rights • • • Informed Consent Right to Know End of Life Personal Rights Services to Protect Patient Rights RI. 01. 03. 01 RI. 01. 04. 01 RI. 01. 05. 01 RI. 01. 06. 03 RI. 01. 07. 01 112
RI. 02 Patient Responsibilities • Written policy that defines patient responsibilities RI. 02. 01 113
RI. 01. 01 Patient Rights • There is a written policy on patient rights. • The hospital prohibits discrimination based on age, race, ethnicity, religion, culture, language, physical or mental disability, socioeconomic status, sexual orientation, and gender identity or expression. 114
RI. 01. 02. 01 Participation in Care Decisions • The hospital involves the patient in making decisions about her care, treatment and services • The patient is provided with written information about the right to refuse care 115
RI. 01. 03. 01 Informed Consent • The hospital has a written policy on informed consent • The informed consent process includes a discussion about reasonable alternatives to the patient’s proposed care, treatment, and services. 116
RI. 01. 03. 01 cont. • The discussion encompasses: 1. Risks, benefits, and side effects related to the alternatives 2. Risks related to not receiving the proposed care, treatment, and services. 117
RI. 01. 05. 01 • The hospital has a written policy on advanced directives in accordance with law and regulation and implements this policy. 118
RI. 01. 07. 01 Review of Complaint • The hospital establishes a complaint resolution process. During the survey process, the surveyor will talk with you about patient, family or visitor complaints. 119
Transplant Safety (TS) • Standards and EPs address the following: • Donating and Procuring Organs and Tissue • Transplanting Organ and Tissue 120
TS. 01. 01 Donating Organs • The hospital has a written agreement with an organ procurement organization (OPO) and follows its rules and regulations 121
Transplant Safety (TS) • Development and implementation of policies and procedures for the acquisition, receipt, storage, and issuance of tissue. • Retain tissue records on storage temperatures, procedure and publication for at least 10 years. 122
Waived Testing (WT) • The hospital must obtain a Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 (CLIA) certificate to perform waived testing. • http: /www. fda. gov/cdrh/clia/index. html 123
WT. 02. 01 Identify Staff • The hospital identifies staff responsible for performing and supervising waived testing • The hospital provides orientation and training and assesses the competency of staff who perform waived testing. There is documented satisfactory competence. 124
WT. 03. 01 Staff Competency • Competency for waived testing is assessed using at least two methods person per test. (WT. 03. 01 EP 5) • Competency for waived testing is assessed at least at the time of orientation and annually thereafter. 125
Closing Comments About JCCAP • For the most current copy of the Candidate Handbook and Frequently Asked Questions, please visit www. jcrinc. com/jccap • Continuing Education Certificates and Instructions for obtaining your copy are found on the left side bar. For any difficulty or questions, please contact JCR Customer Service at 877 -223 -6866 (8 am - 8 pm EST) 126
Thank Module you!!! DOREEN FINN, RN, BSN, MBA Senior Associate Director Standards Interpretation Group Division of Healthcare Improvement 127Description
Manufacturer: Corgi
Year: 1970 – 1972
Toy Condition:
- Near mint (9.5)
- No paint wear
- Clean, bright white enamel paint
- Complete, clean decals
- Rolls easily and straight
- Includes “golden” tune-up key
- This is the stock car racing version from the James Bond 007 film On Her Majesty’s Secret Service
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.I've upgraded from V4RB 9.6.4 to the latest version via the Omegabundle. I am using MacOS Big Sur 11.6.
I notice in the release notes that there is a change to support the Xojo DateTime field.
I am finding that if I simply read a Vdatetime field from a cursor, it will display as 1970-01-01 if the field is NULL, but correctly if not NULL.
If I check for NULL on a Vdatetime field that is NULL and has NOT been updated using V4RB 11.4.5 then all is ok. But, if I update the same Vdatetime field, and then check for NULL again, I get a hard crash of my app in the debugger.
Here is the line of code where the crash occurs:
If cursor.DateTimeField(pnFld).IsNull Then
My question is to ask if there is something I need to do to the DateTime fields after conversion? I really can't believe that this is a bug in Valentina (although I wouldn't rule it out) because I would think others would have reported this long ago.
I am not having the same problems with my VDate fields.From within Foldr for iOS, you can use your device’s camera to take photo and video. Photos and videos are saved to the location from which you launched the camera. They are not stored on the device itself.
First launch the camera. This can be done by :
The camera will appear. Choose PHOTO or VIDEO and press the capture button.
To save the Photo or Video tap ‘Use Photo’ or ‘Use Video’
Get in touch and we'll be happy to assist you, [email protected]
© Minnow IT. Registered in England and Wales with company number 07970411.
Made with in Bristol, UKWhy Outsourcing Gold Coast IT Services is the Best OptionLouise Simons March 4, 2020 0 COMMENTS
The face of businesses in the Gold Coast always changes with the force of technology. The function of companies especially in their marketing and sales are constantly made to adapt and evolve with new technology.
Competitive businesses in the Gold Coast need to adapt and evolve for them to remain constant and relevant. The absence of IT technical support is the only way small and big businesses avoid end up falling by the wayside.
Being competitive is the foremost reason for businesses to consider outsourcing Gold Coast IT services.
While there are variations to the services offered by the different IT support companies, the common jobs they handle include:
- Process enforcement and execution
- Network security, monitoring, and management
- Data management, storehouse, and warehouse
- Authentication
- Data recovery and back-up
- Support services and systems operation
Some of the long-term advantages gained from working with outsourced IT services include:
Less costly option
It can be very expensive for start-ups or even big businesses to train and maintain an in-house IT department. On the other hand, hiring temporary IT personnel can often be financially and mentally disappointing. Outsourcing IT services provides the perfect answer and solution. The IT companies make it a point to include highly-skilled techs to their roster. Their complete dedication to providing the best IT support services not only accomplishes the job well, but they also cost a fraction in terms of labour expenses.
Do away with tech components cost
The whole caboodle of tech components from servers, storage, networks, security, and more can be costly. The fixed rates offered by outsourced IT support systems cut the cost, fitting right into your budget. This means that paying only for the things you need can hugely reduce the cost. Other than the expensive initial investment in a system, servicing and maintaining them can cost too. Often, the maintenance and upkeep of the systems cost more than the initial components. Outsourcing your systems provide the wiser option.
Continuous and reliable service
The management of the complex systems of software and hardware becomes increasingly hard as technology grows exponentially. New and upgraded software and hardware solutions need to be installed and used especially in businesses involved in marketing and sales. This includes uninterrupted and functional flow for the extranet, internet, and intranet. Such technicalities are fully handled by IT support service companies at less than a fraction of the cost.
Allows undivided attention to the core of the business
The success of your business rests on the undivided attention you apply to run it. However, the challenges of having to divide your attention between IT concerns and the business can quickly eat or limit the potential of your business. Focus on IT issues becomes possible with outsourced IT support services that provide their undivided attention to all IT systems. Outsourcing the IT problems of your business frees your time to concentrate on the core of your business.
The wheels of the business become well-oiled when everything that matters is focused on. IT issues can divide the focus to stop the smooth running of the business. Outsourcing IT support services is the smartest way to prevent this scenario from happening. Net Effects are IT service providers in Gold Coast. We are here to help you with all the IT services your business needs for it to run at its optimum level.Trillions of dollars at risk as stock markets inflate value of fossil fuels that may have to remain buried forever, experts warn
Damian Carrington – The Guardian, Friday 19 April 2013
Global stock markets are betting on countries failing to adhere to legally binding carbon emission targets. Photograph: Robert Nickelsberg/Getty Images
The world could be heading for a major economic crisis as stock marketsinflate.International Energy Agency has also concluded that a major part of fossil fuel reserves is unburnable. US and Australia were banking on selling coal to China but that this “doesn’t add up”..”The new elected Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic announced recently that he is a nationalist, but also a democrat and will respect European values.
“Probably a lot of time will pass till the western press accepts me and treats me fairly, as during many years they wrote negatively about me,” he said.
Talking on Serbia’s EU intentions, Nikolic underlined that the negotiations would stop “only if they ask us to renounce a part of our territory – Kosovo and Metohija.”
“The moment they impose such conditions I will tell people immediately,” Nikolic said, adding that he will resign if the citizens no longer want to see him as president.How to Select the Right Welder Certification Course near Saraland Alabama
Selecting the ideal welder trade school near Saraland AL is an important first step to launching your new career as a professional welder. But since there are a lot of schools to select from, how do you determine which ones to consider? And more notably, once you have narrowed down your options, how do you pick the best one? Many prospective students start by reviewing the schools that are nearest to their homes. Once they have identified those that are within driving distance, they gravitate toward the least expensive one. Yes, location and tuition cost are important concerns when examining welding technical explore our due diligence checklist, let’s cover a little bit about how to become a welder.
Welding Certificate and Degree Programs
There are a number of alternatives available to obtain along with an apprenticeship program. Following are brief descriptions of the most prevalent welding programs available in the Saraland AL.
- Certificate and Diploma Programs are usually offered by trade and technical schools and take about a year to finish. They are more hands-on training in scope, designed primarily well-rounded education than the certificate or diploma while still supplying the foundation that readies students to enter the workforce.
A number of states and municipalities do have licensing requirements for welders, therefore don’t forget to check for your location of future employment. If required, the welder school you pick should prepare you for any licensing examinations that you will have to take in addition to providing the suitable training to become a qualified welder.
Welder Certification Alternatives
There are a number of organizations that provide welding certifications, which evaluate the skill level and knowledge of those applying. Many Saraland AL employers not only require a degree or certificate from an accredited welding school, but also certification from a renowned agency such as the American Welding Society (AWS). Different certifications are available dependent on the type of work that the welder performs. Just some of the skills that certification can acknowledge are the welder’s ability to
- Operate in compliance with specific codes
- Work with specified metal thicknesses
- Work with certain kinds of welds
- Operate according to contract specifications
As already stated, many states, cities or local municipalities have licensing requirements for welders. Of those calling for licensing, a number additionally require certification for various types of work. Certification is also a way to prove to employers that you are a highly skilled and experienced welder. So similarly as with licensing, look into the requirements for your local area and make certain that the welding vocational school you choose prepares you for certification as needed.
Subjects to Ask Welder Technical Programs
Once you have chosen the credential you would like to attain, a certificate, diploma or degree, you can start to compare schools. As you can imagine, there are many welder vocational and trade schools in the Saraland AL area. That’s why it’s essential to determine in advance what qualifications your selected school must have. We have already discussed a couple of important ones that most people consider first, which are location and tuition cost. As stated, although they are essential qualifications, they are not the only ones that need to be considered. After all, the school you pick is going to provide the education that will be the foundation of your new profession as a welder. So following are more factors you might want to evaluate before picking a welder tech school.
Accreditation. It’s extremely important that the welder technical school you select is accredited by either a national or a regional organization. There are 2 standard kinds of accreditation. The school may receive Institutional Accreditation based on all of their programs. Programmatic Accreditation is based on a specific program the school has, such as Welding Technology. So confirm that the program you pick is accredited, not just the school itself. Also, the accreditation should be by a U.S. Department of Education acknowledged accrediting organization, such as the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges of Technology (ACCSCT). Besides helping ensure that you get an excellent education, the accreditation may also assist in obtaining financial assistance or student loans, which are in many cases unavailable in Saraland AL for schools that are not accredited. Also, for those states or local governments that require licensing, they may require that the welder training program be accredited also.
Apprenticeship and Job Placement Programs. Many welder degree or certificate programs are provided in conjunction with an apprenticeship program. Various other schools will assist in placing you in a job or an apprenticeship upon graduation. Find out if the schools you are reviewing assist in placing students in apprenticeships or have a job placement program. These schools must have partnerships with local unions and other metal working businesses to which they can refer their students. More established schools may have a larger network of graduates that they can utilize for placements. These programs can assist students in finding employment and develop associations within the Saraland AL welding community.
Completion and Job Placement Rates. The completion rate is the portion or percentage of students that begin an educational program and finish it. It’s essential that the welding program you choose has a higher completion rate. A reduced rate might indicate that the students who joined the program were dissatisfied Saraland AL contacts to help students obtain employment or apprenticeships upon graduation.
Up-to-date Equipment and Facilities. Once you have narrowed down your choice of welding schools to 2 or 3 options, you should think out going to the campuses to evaluate their facilities. Verify that both the facilities and the equipment that you will be instructed on are up-to-date. Specifically, the training equipment should be comparable to what you will be working with on the job. If you are uncertain what to look for, and are currently in an apprenticeship program, consult with the master welder you are working under for guidance. Otherwise, ask a local Saraland AL welding contractor if they can give you some pointers.
School Location. Even though we already briefly talked about the relevance of location, there are a couple of additional issues that we need to cover. You should keep in mind that unless you have the ability to move, the welding program you choose needs to be within driving distance of your Saraland AL home. If you do choose to attend an out-of-state school, apart from moving costs there might.
Small Classes. Individualized instruction is essential for a manual trade such as welding. It’s possible to get overlooked in larger classes and not receive much one-on-one training. Find out what the average class size is for the welder programs you are reviewing. Ask if you can attend a couple of classes so that you can see how much personal attention the students are receiving. While there, talk with a few of the students and get their evaluations. Also, talk with a few of the instructors and find out what their welding experience has been and what credentials and certifications they have earned.
Flexible Class Scheduling. Many people learn a new profession while still working at their current job. Check to see that the class schedules for the programs you are considering are flexible enough to satisfy your needs. If you can only attend classes at night or on weekends near Saraland AL, make certain that the schools you are reviewing provide those options. If you can only enroll part-time, verify that the school you pick offers part-time enrollment. Also, ask what the protocol is to make up classes should you miss any because of illness, work or family circumstances.
Online Welder Degree and Certificate Programs
Welding is truly a manual kind of profession, and therefore not extremely compatible with training online. However, there are some online welding programs offered by certain community colleges and trade schools in the greater Saraland AL area that can count toward a certificate or degree program. These classes primarily deal with such topics as reading blueprints, safety,, and metallurgy. They can help give a beginner a basis to begin their education and training. However, the most significant point is that you can’t learn how to weld or work with welding materials until you actually do it. Obviously that can’t be done online. These skills must be learned in an on-campus setting or in an apprenticeship. Online or distance learning is better suited Saraland AL?
If you have decided to enroll in a welder training program in the Saraland Alabama area, you may find the following information both informative and helpful.
Choose the Right Welding Vocational Program Saraland AL
Choosing the right welder school will undoubtedly be the most critical decision you will make to start your new profession. You originally stopped by our website because you had an interest in Welding Online Courses. However, as we have covered in this article, there are many factors that you will need to assess and compare among the programs you are considering. It’s a must that any welder school that you are considering includes a considerable amount of hands-on training. Classes should be small in size and each student should have their personal welding machine to train on. Classroom teaching needs to provide a real-world perspective, and the course of study should be current and conform with industry standards. Courses differ in length and the kind of credential offered, so you will have to decide what length of program and credential will best serve your needs. Every program offers unique options for certification also. Probably The ideal way to research your short list of schools is to go to each campus and talk with the faculty and students. Take the time to sit in on some classes. Inspect the campus and facilities. Make sure that you are confident that the school you decide on is the best one for you. With the proper training, effort and dedication, the end outcome will be a new career as a professional welder in Saraland]So What Happened, Exactly
This is the first installment of a blog by Brandi Chase called Lymphoblaster. It is an online chronicle through Leukemia. Living in Australia with her husband, film composer Randin Graves, Brandi, grieving the loss of her father 2 months prior, began to feel ill. On […]
WALL Street. ASSISTED LIVING The Musical. SURVIVING Cancer. SLEEPING With Mites | Show 414 […]
Rick Compton and Betsy Bennett on ASSISTED LIVING The Musical, DeAnn McEwen on Tax Wall Street and Wayne Cook on Colon Cancer | July 2-3, 2011 | Show 414
Rick Compton and Betsy Bennett, creators of Assisted Living The Musical, join us to discuss the opening of their show in San Francisco. Check it out at. Casey also interviews DeAnn McEwen, who joined hundreds of other nurses in a rally to tell Wall […]Quality and popularity formulas for the article Medina (sanger) da
$$Quality=1/c∑↙{i=1}↖c nm_i-RS=1/6(29.32+36.49+38.89+20.69+100+100)$$
where:
- $nm_i$ is normalized quality metric $i$
- $c$ is the number of quality metrics
- $RS$ is the reducing score (if exists)
$$GlobalAI=|⋃↙{lang=1}↖22 Authors_{lang}|=8$$
$$PopGlobal=∑↙{lang=1}↖22 PopLocal_{lang}=2196$$
where:
- $lang$ is an index of language version
- $AI$ means Authors’ Interest (number of authors)
- $Pop$ means popularity of the article (number of page views)
- $Authors_{lang}$ is a set of unique names of the authors of article "Medina (sanger)" in language $lang$ during October 2021
- $PopLocal_{lang}$ is a popularity of article "Medina (sanger)" in language $lang$ in October 2021
The results of the calculations may be slightly different because of rounded values of normalized metrics in formulas in, the £50 deposit is non-refundable.
We are able to reschedule appointments provided we are given at least 7 days notice before the treatment date. Please contact info@thesloanclinics.co.uk or call 0770 625 1619. All review appointments for botulinum toxin.Early childhood programs in the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma work together for young children and their families. Their Tribal Early Learning Initiative (TELI) works to create and support a high-quality early childhood system. This system serves families from pregnancy to kindergarten entry.
The Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma is one of six tribal organizations to receive TELI funding from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Administration for Children and Families (ACF). They also receive a grant from ACF’s Tribal Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting (TMIECHV) program.
“We first began our meetings as directors of our programs to know each other better. We learned what each other’s programs are doing,” said Angela Dancer, Home Visitation Senior Director. “That process was eye-opening and beneficial on a director level. So, we decided to roll this out to our staff, which is 200 to 300 people.”
TELI programs include the Chahta Inchukka TMIECHV Program, Chahta Vlla Apela TMIECHV Program, Child Care Assistance, Child Care Development Program, Early Head Start, Head Start, and Support for Expectant and Parenting Teens.
The idea of an annual Choctaw Day of the Young Child emerged as a way to bring staff together and to raise community awareness about child development and resources available to families. The first event, held on April 8, 2014, included an official declaration by Chief Gregory Pyle.
“The biggest moment of the day for me was watching the Chief sign the declaration. It was a public notice that our early childhood system was a priority for his administration,” said Dancer. “The Chief and our Tribal Council members sat on the floor and read stories to the Head Start children. The media were taking pictures as our Council truly engaged with our children and all the educators of the Choctaw Nation who provide these services.”
On the second Day of the Young Child in April 2015, the tribe’s early childhood programs signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU). This MOU described how programs would collaborate to reach more families and serve them better. Examples include developing one brochure that describes all of the programs and a unified application for services.
The event also kicked off a year of autism awareness activities, including training on autism for program staff and local events for families at Head Start and child care centers. Two nationally known speakers: Temple Grandin, a Colorado State University professor who has autism, and her mother, Eustacia Cutler, made presentations later that year.
Local events offered both learning and fun. “It was like a carnival, with activities for children and also booths where people offered information about their services,” said Katy Pruitt, Director of Head Start. “We had a lot of participation from the families as well as community members. In fact, they asked us if we were going to have that again this year. And there was food, also. Did I say hot dogs? That was a big deal, too.”
Joint staff trainings across programs also have been well-received. “One thing that I like about bringing staff together is that we have a face we can put with the name. We are more comfortable reaching out to that person,” said Brandi Smallwood, Chahta Inchukka Program Director. “We know who to call to refer families and can work hand-in-hand with them.”
“I feel like we’re talking the same language, and our staff is also,” said B.J. Robinson-Ellison, Director of Early Head Start. “We’re coming together as one early childhood system so our team can see the unity of these programs and that we’re going to support one another.”
For more information, contact Angela Dancer at angelad@choctawnation.com or 580-326-7758. Sarah Rowland, TELI Coordinator, and Monona Dill, Child Care Development Fund Administrator, also contributed to this story.
The Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma is a federally recognized tribe, with a service area of nearly 12,000 square miles. The tribe’s mission is to enhance the lives of all members through opportunities designed to develop healthy, successful, and productive lifestyles. Find out more about the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma Visit disclaimer page .
ACF’s TELI supports American Indian tribes in growing and sustaining critical early childhood systems to meet the needs of young children, families, and the community as a whole and increase the number of children in quality early care and education settings. The TELI is administered by ACF’s Office of the Deputy Assistant Secretary and Inter-Departmental Liaison for Early Childhood Development, in partnership with the Office of Head Start, the Office of Child Care, and the TMIECHV program. Find out more about TELI.
ACF’s TMIE.Somali pirates have attacked hundreds of vessels in the Arabian Sea and Indian Ocean region, though most attacks do not result in a successful hijacking. In 2008, there were 111 attacks which included 42 successful hijackings. However, this is only a fraction of the up to 30,000 merchant vessels which pass through that area. The rate of attacks in January and February 2009 was about 10 times. Somali pirates with automatic weapons captured the ship, carrying six Kenyans and six Sri Lankans. On February 27, members of the Somali coast guard attempted to take back the ship but failed, and two coast guardsmen were killed. Taiwan: FV Ching Fong Hwa 168 (fishing vessel) 15 (fish) 14 crew released, 1 crew member executed. 2007-04-28: unknow Pirates off the coast of Somalia have long been a problem, particularly since the beginning of the second phase of the Somali civil war just over a decade ago. In fact, Somali pirates impeded shipping, resulting in increased shipping costs, to the tune of approximately $6.6 billion - $6.9 billion in global trade i Somali Pirates The Modern Age Pirates . Although.
Somalia Pirates. Games and Genocides. Menu Killing civilians chapter 1; chapter 1 genocide; chapter 2,3,4,5,6; Chapter 2 and 3 history of genocides; Scroll down to content. Posts. Posted on December 13, 2019. Dewaal part 2. de Waal urges readers to avoid complacency, and to turn attention to ongoing and future famines Somalian Pirates, Effing, way. 2,4 k liker dette. We WILL kick your ass A decade ago, pirates operated freely and there were plenty of hideouts for them along the coastline, like Eyl, a small, scenic port town in Somalia's semi-autonomous region of Puntland Pirates taunt the world, then face mercenaries and the Navy. They had expected little resistance, as before. Surprise The fight between Somali pirates and a Private security guard on board a cargo ship. When pirates were trying to board the ship, the security guards fired do..
. Africa. Somali pirates' hostages 'had to eat rats' to survive four-year ordeal. Africa Director-General of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency, Dr Bashir Jamoh, has said that Somali pirates are now active in Nigeria's territorial waters and the Gulf of Guinea. [
Selv om kvinners politiske rettigheter står svakt i Somalia, har nomadekulturen tradisjonelt gitt kvinnene relativt stor frihet og selvstendighet. - I nomadefamilier, som tradisjonelt utgjør cirka 60 prosent av Somalias befolkning, følger mennene kamelflokken langt vekk fra teltplassene, slik at hjem og familie blir kvinners domene der de styrer det meste, sier Fangen Somalian Pirates We is a song featured in the Season Thirteen episode, Fatbeard. Background. Eric Cartman teaches his group of Som Somalia (somali: Soomaaliya, arabisk: الصومال, Aṣ-Ṣūmāl) er en stat på Afrikas horn.Somalia grenser i nordvest mot Djibouti, i vest mot Etiopia og i sør mot Kenya.I nord har landet kystlinje mot Adenbukta og i sørøst mot Det indiske hav.Somalia har den lengste kystlinjen på kontinentet, og terrenget består hovedsakelig av vidder og høyland
Som Somalia is a land that has descended so deeply into misery that failed state is too generous a description for the country. - TIME Magazine In August 2020, three Iranian hostages who had been held for five years were freed by Somalian pirates, as contradictory news emerged that another ship had been intercepted after a three-year pause The somali pirates movie is an exhilarating account of a specially outfitted soldier-of-fortune gang that deals with rescue missions involving the Somali sea robbers. It's a vivid representation of the escalating problems of Somali Pirates that plague the entire global shipping world and the measures that have been to be taken to counter the same effectively
Somali pirates hijacked a Panama-flagged ship on Wednesday night, according to regional officials on Thursday. The ship was traveling from the United Arab Emirates to Mogadishu port when it. Two alleged Somali pirates previously accused of kidnapping an American journalist and holding him for more than two and a half years were hit with fresh federal charges on Wednesday — including. Somalia er en republikk i Øst-Afrika, mellom Adenbukta og Det indiske hav, på Afrikas horn. Somalia grenser til Djibouti i nordvest, Etiopia i vest og Kenya i sørvest. Ekvator går gjennom landet lengst i sør. Somalia er et av verdens fattigste land, og har siden 1980-tallet vært herjet av konflikt og krig. Dette har bidratt til flere tilfeller av alvorlig tørke og sult, og til et stort.
Somali pirates are said to have hijacked a ship for the first time since 2017, reportedly taking control of the Panama-flagged tanker Aegean II Somalian Pirates We! Season 13 E 7 • 12/31/2018. Captain Cartman gets his new crew in ship shape. Tags: Cartman Ike Butters Captain Cartman's Perfect Pirate Club Clyde Somalia pirates Kevin Stoley. Show More. Watch Random Episode. Watching. 01:13. South Park S13 E3. 90 Trillion Dollars Somali officials said the Indian cargo ship that was seized last week was now being held for ransom in the El Hur area of central Somalia, south of the Puntland border, a well-known pirate locale Warning - thread Somali Pirates receive Russian Justice might contain content that is not suitable for all ages. By clicking on CONTINUE you confirm that you are 18 years and over. Note: to turn off these warnings you need to set the 'safe mode' to OFF (on the top right Somalia's pirates didn't all start out that way. Some were fishermen driven to high-seas crime when foreign fishing fleets began plundering Somalia's coast and destroying their livelihood
The suspect said the alleged Somali pirates shot at his boat and three other boats fishing in the area, before one of the fishing boats managed to knock the men into the sea Resurgence Of Pirate Activity. In October 2016, the UN noted that Somali pirates possess the intent and capability to resume attacks. Though the EU and the US still conduct their own operations in the area, NATO's withdrawal of its Operation Open Shield in December 2016 left a big gap that pirates may utilize In 2009, Somali pirates in dinghies were cleaning up millions of seajacking ships and collecting ransoms. Who made them disappear 10 years later Som.
Pirates had not captured a ship sailing under the American flag since the 1820s until April 8, 2009, when the MV Maersk Alabama was hijacked off the coast of Somalia. The high-profile incident. Somali pirates are hard to track down, constantly moving around and changing phone numbers. Days earlier, frustrated and eager to begin interviewing,. The fight between Somali pirates and a Private security guard on board a cargo ship. When pirates were trying to board the ship, the security guards fired dozen..
Growth industry - Somali pirates carrying out preparations to a skiff boat used to attack ships. A spate of hijackings in the High Risk Area (HRA) off the Somali coast has raised alarm after a. In 2011, Somali pirates launched 237 attacks off the coast of Somalia, the International Maritime Bureau says, garnering money and attention after they made deals for the hundreds of hostages they. Somali Pirates Attack US Cruiser. 11 Jul 2012 | Posted by vlogger. Not very smart these guys. Picked a fight they were never going to win. Let the fun begin. Categorie Somali pirate synonyms, Somali pirate pronunciation, Somali pirate translation, English dictionary definition of Somali pirate. n. pl. pi·ra·cies 1. a. Robbery or other serious acts of violence committed at sea. b. The hijacking of an airplane: air piracy. 2 Pirates flee from the German navy as the frigate Rheinland-Pfalz intercepted them in the Gulf of Aden off Somalia's coast on March 3, 2009. The German navy detained nine people on March 3, 2009.
Somalian Pirates is on Facebook. Join Facebook to connect with Somalian Pirates and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to share and makes the world more open and connected Somali Pirate raids have reached over 1000 miles away from Somalia and has occasionally raided Indian coastlines. A list of modern anti-pirate weapons: [2] Only after 2009 (during the peak of Somali Piracy) have cargo ships been allowed by international law to carry weapons for self defense; and even then, many nations today refuse to arm cargo ships BBC Somali waxa aad ka heleysaa wararkii ugu dambeeyay ee Soomaalida iyo caalamkaba Find Somali Pirates Latest News, Videos & Pictures on Somali Pirates and see latest updates, news, information from NDTV.COM. Explore more on Somali Pirates
Somali pirates released the British couple on Nov. 14 after holding them hostage for more than a year, after hijacking their 38-foot yacht Lynn Rival in the Indian Ocean off Seychelles ←Profiteroles : animated music video : MrWeebl. On The Moon 7 →. Searc Incidents of Somali piracy have increased in recent months. The hijack of the tanker Aris 13 , on March 13, was the first reported hijack of a vessel covered by IMO regulations by Somali pirates. «Pirates of Somalia» Piratvirksomheten utenfor den somaliske kysten startet etter sammenbruddet i 1991, men det var først i 2003 at skip og trålere som gikk langs kysten mer regelmessig ble forsøkt kapret. I perioden mellom 2003 og 2008 var det en eksplosiv vekst i antall angrep og kapringer
The. 15 Somalian pirates who were captured in a major anti-piracy operation by the Indian Navy and Coast Guard were brought to Mumbai and handed over to the Yellowgate police station today. Tags: Somalian Pirates 2012 India Tv News Navy and Coast Guard Indiatv Captured Hindi News Indian Navy india news Mumbai marc Somali pirates have turned high-seas kidnappings into a lucrative business, one that netted between $50 million and $150 million last year, a former Navy SEAL told CNN Happy Halloween 2020! #GoogleDoodl In Somali society, being a pirate is considered a prestigious profession. In fact, amongst the richest people in Somalia that enjoy the best of luxury are pirates. The immense amount of ransoms they receive from Europeans and other states insures their security and that of their families as well
Somali Pirates, designed by Joseph Miranda, is a wargame set in a hypothetical Coalition campaign to destroy the power of pirates based in Somalia, as well as to otherwise gain control of that country. The assumption of the game is that the pirates, in league with local warlords and Al Qaeda, have become strong enough to be an even bigger threat to the region than they are now The latest Tweets from Somalian Pirate (@somalipiratewee): Pirates Guild PvP Takeover Part 2 - Elder Scrolls Online PS4 Gameplay: via @YouTub
In 2008, rookie Canadian journalist Jay Bahadur's impulsive plan to embed himself among the pirates of Somalia provides the first close-up look at who these men are, how they live, and the forces. On March 5, pirates seized the Norwegian-owned chemical tanker UBT Ocean and its crew of 21 off the coast of Madagascar, 1,000 miles south of the zone where the seaborne bandits normally operate. The news that Somali pirates are now expanding the scope of their activities to prey on vessels plying the waters well south of the Horn of Africa, should be making all of us sit up and pay attention Somali pirates have released three Iranian hostages held for five years, a maritime security official said on Thursday, as conflicting reports emerged whether another ship had been seized after a.
Pirates based on Somalia's coast routinely conducted hijackings and kidnap-for-ransom operations until 2012, when a combination of private maritime security contractors, vessel hardening measures. Home News Crew and Vessel Incidents Confusion over suspected Somali pirate attack Confusion over suspected Somali pirate attack. August 25, 2020 Crew and Vessel Incidents, News, Safety, Security. Nicci Botha, correspondent. Piracy, security insights, somalia, EU NAVFOR responds to suspected Somali piracy attack Somali pirates may have gotten more than they could handle when they hijacked a Chinese vessel making its way back from S. Africa. Somali pirates are the illegal armed militia, attacking merchant ships and fishing vessels in the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean. Gulf of Aden is a vital route between Europe and Asia for ships, passing the Suez Canal. Piracy in this region has increased dramatically since the Somali civil war in the 1990s
Five Somalian pirates drowned and their share of a $3-million US ransom was lost at sea this week, residents and pirates in the Somali port of Harardhere said on Saturday Nyhetssaker innen: somalia_and_pirates. Kjølhaler Andhøys farlige piratreise: - Han leker med sitt eget og sine reisekameraters liv De terroriserer ikke lenger Somalias kyst Somali pirates have conducted two hijackings this month, in the biggest spike of activity for almost five years. File image shows pirate Hassan standing next to a Taiwanese fishing vessel in the. Shocking footage shows four alleged Somali pirates gunned down at sea A graphic video posted to YouTube on Monday by a university student in Fiji's capital Suva shows four men being shot at sea and dying as they cling to an overturned vessel Somali pirates kidnapped and held Michael Scott Moore, a journalist, hostage for two-and-a-half terrifying years until a ransom payment secured his release in September 2014 A Panama-flagged chemical tanker has been reportedly attacked by Somali pirates off the Horn of Africa. The incident, which occurred 180 nautical miles southwest of Socotra, would be the first successful hijack in Somali waters since 2017, maritime intelligence provider Dryad Global saidDescription
Mix and match the veggies to suit your availability or fancy. This meal takes a bit of time in the oven but the hands on time is minimal. Enjoy endless flavour combinations and get creative for a meal you won’t get tired of eating!
You can add flourishes of mozzarella and a few leaves of basil at the end to serve if your kitchen is widely better stocked than mine 😉
Scale
Ingredients
- 1 sheet of premade pastry – we’ve tried it with every kind of pastry we can get our hands on, it’s been a success every time, puff pastry is lovely but so is pizza, use what you have or what you prefer!
- 3 cups of vegetables – red onion, sweet potato, courgette, capsicum, pumpkin, cauliflower, broccoli artichoke, spinach, carrot, olives etc.. etc…
- 2 tsp herb/spice mix – Italian herbs always work well. A little bit of paprika, salt and pepper, lovely.
- 4 Tbsp oilve oil
- 4 Tbsp balsamic vinegar
Instructions
- Get your pastry out of the freezer to defrost if you haven’t already
- Pre-heat your oven to 200°C
- Prep your vegetables as you would like
- Choose your veggies you want to roast (leave out things that cook very quickly like spinach or are ‘ready to eat’ – artichokes from a jar for example). Chuck the roasting ones into an oven safe dish or pan, drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle on your spices and salt and pepper, add to the oven and roast for 20mins
- Once they have had their 20mins to roast, they don’t have to be 100% cooked, remove from oven, add the extra veggies you would like, if you have any to add. Drizzle over the balsamic vinegar and give everything a toss around. If they are looking a bit dry, add a second drizzle of olive oil – we will be flipping this over at the end so slightly more oil is better to avoid a sticking mishap!
- Scooch all the veggies away from the edges of your baking dish to leave a 1inch gap around the outside:
- Lay your pastry carefully over all your veggies and tuck the edges in slightly, so that it is molded nicely around all the veg:
- Place back into the oven, just check the temp, you might have to lower to 180°C, and bake for the recommended bake time of your pastry, generally 30mins
- Once looking lovely, cooked, and golden brown, remove from the oven.
- Now it’s time for the big reveal!
- Place a flat plate or chopping board that is large enough to cover the surface of your baking dish on top of your baking dish, with your hands well protected with oven gloves, while holding the plate or board tightly to the baking dish, flip the whole thing upside upside down! The pizza turnover will transfer onto the plate or board and you will be able to remove the baking dish off the top.
- If you don’t go “ooohhhhh, look at that!” when you remove the baking dish and reveal your masterpiece, you have done it all wrong! Start the whole thing again.
- I’m not going to lie to you here, every time we flip, some veggies are still stuck to the baking dish, but we just scrape them loose and chuck them on top of the rest, no problems!
- No but seriously, that’s it, how good does that look and smell!? Add garnishes if you have any to hand, e.g. pieces of mozzarella or a few basil leaves, slice pieces and serve!Sat Oct 5 IATEFL World Teachers' Day Web Conference 11:15 - 12:00 - Event has passed
Event in London on Saturday, October 5, 2019 at 11:15:00 am
◢
Event Time in London, ENG, United Kingdom
Saturday, October 5, 2019
END 12:00 noon
Current time: Sat at 2:11:18 am
Converted Time Washington DC, DC, USA
Saturday, October 5, 2019
END 7:00 am
Current time: Fri at 9:11:18 (142 places).
Sun = Sunday, October 6, 2019 (1 place).
UTC (GMT/Zulu)-time: Saturday, October 5, 2019 at 1060 Second Salad Cutter Bowl
$10.99 SAVE $-10.99!
You'll Also Love These
- SAVE $35
- SAVE $21
Cooking Claws – Make Shredding Meat Child’s Play!$21.99 $42.99
- SAVE $13
Microfiber Mop Cleaning Slippers$16.99 $29.99
- SAVE $45
Tire Mug – Upgrade Your Coffee Mornings!$44.99 $89.99
-Solid 9ct Yellow Gold Rainbow Drop earringsTHE CUBAN 26
Gold at the End of the Rainbow…
- Created in solid 9ct gold
- Can’t decide which colour to wear? Why not have them all…
- Pink, white, amethyst, citrine and blue topaz coloured stones
- Hallmarked in Dublin Castle
- Bespoke Luxury Packaging Included
Why did Cuban 26 Earring Specifications
- Precious Metal – Solid 9ct Gold
- Drop hook earrings with pink topaz, white, amethyst, citrine and blue topaz coloured stones
- Earring size – 30mm front and back drop
- Stone size –…
A rare find, like no other.
These Cuban 26 gold earrings are not something you see too often. Rather than playing safe with one defining coloured stone, these Oscar drops contain five specifically chosen colours to compliment their solid 9ct gold host.
Risky, different and bold, exactly how we like it.
Oscar Graves, style melted..- Anti-oxidation
- Anti-aging
- Moisturizing
- Evens skin tone
- +1 more
- bisabolol
- borago officinalis seed oil
- cetearyl alcohol
- glycerin
- helianthus annuus seed oil
- persea gratissima oil
- tocopherol
- vitis vinifera seed extract
- +5 more
FULFILLED, borago officinalis seed oil.
WIMJ summary
This product contains antioxidants (tocopherol,
- Dermatology News - Commentary: Borage Seed Oil
- Undershirts coated with borage oil alleviate the symptoms of atopic dermatitis in children
- α-(-)-Bisabolol Reduces Pro-Inflammatory Cytokine Production and Ameliorates Skin Inflammation
- Safety Assessment of Vitis Vinifera (Grape)-Derived Ingredients as Used in Cosmetics
- Review of the Pharmacological Effects of Vitis vinifera (Grape) and its Bioactive Constituents: An Update is so generous of Henry to give his time and expert advice for free to help those of us struggling with the craziness that is the propery market in 2021. He is honest, direct, witty and we came away feeling a lot calmer and more in control of our situation and with clarity as to what our next steps should (and should not!) be. I can’t recommend him enough. Thank you so much again Henry.
Henry was incredibly helpful in offering frank advice on our house search which enabled us to clarify our thinking and hopefully avoid rushing into a huge decision for the wrong reasons. Thank you, Henry.
We very much appreciated Henry giving his time to speak to us about the frantic state of the current housing market (March 2021). As buyers trying to get back onto the housing ladder, it was really helpful to get a wider perspective on what is happening at the moment and a reminder not to be panicked into a decision that we might later regret. Thank you Henry!
Thanks Henry for the opportunity to attend one of your Corona Clinic’s. I really appreciate the opportunity to raise a lot of the questions that have been on my mind. The advice you provided in 30 minutes was fantastic! It helped clarify a lot, gave direction, and was very reassuring hearing from someone with your experience. I look forward to tapping into one of your other services and gaining more wisdom and insights from you as my property search progresses. Thanks again.
Still quite can’t believe Henry is offering support and advice completely free. I was delighted to have someone with his knowledge and experience remove me from the world of procrastination regarding my property scenario. Instead Henry provided direction, reassurance and confidence to do what is likely best for my situation.
There is lots of white noise surrounding property atm and Henry adjusted the volumes to I could hear and see clearer. I truly appreciate someone like Henry offering this service. Top bloke.
As prospective first time buyers, Henry’s COVID clinic was incredibly helpful in giving us market insight and to help us avoid first time buyer pitfalls. Clear and honest views were just what we were looking forward. Will definitely be staying in touch with Henry in the coming months with the view to using some of his other services.
Really grateful for Henry making the time (quite short notice too!) for providing some valuable and impartial advice on our situation. His decades of experience combined with a “macro” view on UK property (vs the zoomed in view that we have) was really helpful especially during this volatile market condition, and helped reassure us on next steps. Thank you Henry!
We are very grateful we contacted Henry and used his Corona clinic. He was extremely helpful, frank and fair and put us back in the right frame of mind for our house search and future actions. We would thoroughly recommend his services. Thank you again.
My sincere thanks to Henry for generously giving his time to share his invaluable knowledge in a Corona Clinic to help me better understand my position in the current uncertain housing market. His thoughtful insights, reassuring expertise and honest observations were delivered with graciousness, humour and a genuine desire to help. The independent perspective, concise advice and practical suggestions I received have helped me feel much more confident in the decisions I need to make.
It was a pleasure to speak with him and I recommend his clinic to anyone else seeking clarity for their own circumstances. Thanks again Henry.
Henry very kindly and usefully spent 30 minutes getting me up to speed on the types of issues a first time buyer should know. It was incredibly useful and I would recommend it to anyone. Thank you very much!Moco Member
Join the community of Art Lovers!
Receive extras, plus all the latest and greatest when you become a Moco Member for FREE!
- Free Postcard
- Free Audiotour
- 15% Off Gift Shop
- 10% Off Webshop
- 25% Friends & Family Discount
- Priority Tickets on Special Events
- Priority on Limited Edition Drops & Giveaways
To Art and Love! In YOU we trust.
Why become a Moco Member?
It’s FREE and when you sign up to become a Moco Member, we kickstart your experience immediately with a welcome package of 7 Benefits!
- Free Postcard : Show your confirmation email at our gift shop & choose your favorite postcard because memories are priceless. (Only in combination with a valid ticket.)
- Free Audio Tour : Once you arrive, you’ll be welcomed with free access to our audio tour. *The Moco Tour is not like any regular audio tour. It’s actually a multimedia tour filled with unexpected bits of information and background. In art we trust.
- 15% Off Gift Shop : Show your confirmation at the gift shop to receive 15% off everything in the shop (excluding collectible items).
- 10% Off Webshop : After subscribing you’ll receive a unique code to use at checkout for an immediate 10% off your entire order (International Shipping). Happy Shopping!
- 25% Friends & Family Discount : After your first visit, you’ll receive an email with a unique code for 25% off your next ticket(s) purchase
- Priority Tickets on Special Events : NEW Exhibition Openings, Moco Movies Premieres, Private Events & so much more!
- Priority on Limited Edition Drops & Giveaways : Go for the VIP treatment and you’ll be notified before anyone else about limited edition releases, collectibles, and prize giveaways
I want to be a Moco Member
“I wanted to start a revolution, using art to build the sort of society I myself envisioned.” – Yayoi Kusama
You deserve MORE
Did you want more? You got it! The benefits of being a Moco Member is like the gift that keeps on giving. We want to be the bridge between you and the endless power of art. By signing up to become a Moco Member, you’ll be the first to know about NEW Exhibition Openings, Events, Giveaways, etc. so you get the most out of being a Moco Member.
“Not everyone will understand your journey. That’s okay. You’re here to live your life, not make everyone understand.” – Banksy
Moco Membership is Calling!
We’ve all been in the same situation before – you’re looking for something last-minute, something exciting, something unforgettable. A visit to Moco Museum delivers on all levels. Plus, things look brighter when art is on the horizon. Luckily, you’re about to become a Moco Member and soon you’ll get all the latest and greatest straight to your inbox! What are you waiting for? Answer the call!
Click for Moco Membership
Overview
By at the very least 1955 through the 1960s, the ocean Colony had been the most popular lesbian pubs in Greenwich Village.
A popular of author and activist Joan Nestle, amongst others, it absolutely was a sanctuary specifically for working-class lesbians in the right time, regardless of being Mafia-run and frequently raided because of the authorities.
View the Comprehensive Map
The ocean Colony, very very very first floor of 52, 50, and 48 Eighth Avenue (left to right), 1964. Picture by John Barrngton Bayley. Thanks to the NYC Landmarks Preservation Commission.
Approximate Water Colony flooring plan. Drawn by Gwendolyn Stegall for the NYC LGBT Historic web web Sites Project in discussion with water Colony bartender Preston Mardenborough.
Women’s home of Detention (demolished), Greenwich Avenue between western tenth Street and Christopher Street, 1945. Thanks to the Museum regarding the City of brand new York.
History
Initially exposed as being a restaurant c. 1950, the ocean Colony had become a hangout that is lesbian at minimum 1955, whenever Ann Bannon, composer of lesbian pulp fiction, visited it with Marijane Meaker, writer of lesbian-themed fiction. Overview of the restaurant through the exact same year mentioned “a recently included celebration space that handles 75 individuals. ” The review failed to point out that the brand new room became a destination for females dancing together, an act which could get some body place in prison through the bar’s presence into the 1950s and 1960s. Even though it ended up being an essential gathering spot, specifically for white working-class lesbians at that time, the ocean Colony ended up being Mafia-run and sometimes raided because of the authorities, like numerous pubs regarding the age, many famously during the Stonewall Inn.
The clients mostly squeeze into a “butch-femme” powerful, where in actuality the “butch, ” or higher masculine-dressing of this pair, would simply take the “man’s” role when you look at the relationship xhamsterlive sex – purchase drinks, lead in dancing, available doorways, etc. – and also the “femme, ” or even more feminine-presenting of the set, would make the “woman’s” role. Preston Mardenborough, a bartender in the water Colony within the 1960s, recalled that this dynamic even extended to where patrons typically congregated: into the front side room, the end that is back of bar had been where in actuality the “butches” usually sat together with front side had been where in fact the “femmes” sat, both gossiping concerning the other team. The butches were particularly a target of authorities brutality, as dressing in garments associated with “opposite intercourse” had been unlawful in nyc during the time; particularly, the “three article” rule claimed which you could possibly be arrested for putting on three or maybe more articles of clothes that have been typically linked to the sex which you failed to be seemingly. Raids on homosexual pubs had been regular throughout the 1950s and 1960s, but were especially violent, frequently intimately violent, at lesbian pubs. Ladies arrested in club raids had been provided for the Women’s House that is nearby of (demolished), which Joan Nestle, author and co-founder regarding the Lesbian Herstory Archives, said ended up being sardonically described one of the club clients due to the fact “Country Club. ”
Because of the 1960s, the ocean Colony had been a full-time lesbian bar with three primary areas. The space that is first where in fact the primary entry at 52 Eighth Avenue had been situated (presently Art club), had the bar’s just operating egress with uncovered windows, which makes it probably the most general general general public. In this space, the club ended up being in the left and tiny tables had been in the right as one stepped in; two single-stall restrooms had been behind the club. Nestle, whom frequented the ocean Colony and has now written extensively about this, recalled that just one girl ended up being permitted when you look at the restroom at the same time, a guideline that has been implemented because of the Mafia “because they thought we had been so sexually depraved, if two of us went in we’d probably have sex, and therefore could bring the vice squad. ” In conformity using this guideline, she noted:
“Every evening, a brief, handsome, butch woman with toilet paper covered around her hand, possessed a task to allot us toilet paper. … This butch girl would stand at the front end regarding the line and then we each got two wraps of wc paper. ”
The room that is second50 Eighth Avenue), into the previous restaurant area, ended up being available through the trunk of this primary club and offered table solution. The “back space” (48 Eighth Avenue) ended up being available through this center room and ended up being in which the dancing that is illegal destination. Mardenborough recalled that whenever the authorities raided the club, which happened regular, a key will be pushed that fired up a red light in the “back space. ” Then, he stated, “Everything would freeze and folks would cost their tables and merely stay like they’re having drinks. ”
Inspite of the raids, ladies proceeded visiting lesbian pubs. One former regular said of her experience during the water Colony (her punctuation), “my first bar within the town was at the sixties in the SEA COLONY…………. Its as you come in a film as your head starts a lens into the last……. Everyone sluggish danced on to the floor. Lights were dim…. And Maria had been the bar maid/butch…who everybody wanted…. She had been ALL OF THAT. …. ”
This entry had been compiled by task consultant Gwendolyn Stegall.You have no items in your shopping cart.
Free shipping on all retail orders over 200 EUR to Belgium, Denmark, Germany, France, Luxembourg, Netherlands!
VedAroma Essential Oils are certified organic according to NSF and by EcoControl GmbH according to NCS (Natural cosmetic standart)! Essential oils, 'the soul of the plant', are nourishment for 'the soul of men'. They strengthen our life-force and enhance our joy of life in an easy and pleasant yet profound way. VedAroma uses only the highest quality, therapeutic grade, certified organic or wild harvested essential oils, exceptional in their purity. All Essential oils are derived from plants that are naturally cultivated without the use of chemical additives.
New products available now
New Power of Essential Oils Booklet for health professionalsexcl. btw: €12.40 incl. btw: €15.00
New VedAroma Essential Oils Illustrated Guideexcl. btw: €14.88 incl. btw: €18.00
VedAroma Essential Oils Illustrated Guideexcl. btw: €14.88 incl. btw: €18.00
Panch Pandava - Blend of Essential Oilsexcl. btw: €24.71 incl. btw: €29.90
Featured Products — Most bought Essential Oils (last updated December 2020)
Lavender Highland Essential Oil (10 ml)excl. btw: €14.64 incl. btw: €17.71
Wintergreen Essential Oil (10 ml)excl. btw: €10.66 incl. btw: €12.90
Bergamot Essential Oil (10 ml)excl. btw: €10.83 incl. btw: €13.11
Out of stock
Ravintsara Essential Oil (10 ml)excl. btw: €16.61 incl. btw: €20.10
Rose Absolute (1 ml)excl. btw: €18.52 incl. btw: €22.41
Spikenard Jatamansi Essential Oil (5 ml)excl. btw: €17.69 incl. btw: €21.41
Jasmine Absolute (1 ml)excl. btw: €24.97 incl. btw: €30.21
Vetiver Essential Oil (10ml) from Madagascarexcl. btw: €29.40 incl. btw: €35.57The month of November 2019 saw one of the most glamorous wedding celebrations to be held in the city of Dubai (UAE). With over 400 guests in attendance from different parts of the world, Prerna and Shaun’s wedding celebration was no short of a showcase in every possible way.
The wedding was held at the massive hospitality complex of Habtoor City which comprises of 3 world class hotel properties. While all the guests were hosted at the opulent Habtoor Palace, the events were spread across venues at Hilton, V Hotel and Habtoor Palace.
Planned, conceptualized and managed by Vivaah Weddings, one of the largest wedding planning company in the region, the celebrations took almost a year of planning in the making. Each event was thought through in detail and curated to perfection. Everything from guest experience to service staff attire in addition to culinary offerings was on priority all along.
Prerna – the Bride and Shaun – the Groom are film directors by profession and they’re perfectionists. Much like a movie, they like everything to be picture perfect. Except at weddings, there isn’t a second take at it. Hence, every minute detail was attended to by professionals at all levels.
Since the wedding celebrations lasted 3 days, the bride and groom wanted to present each event in a different theme and setting. Prerna and Shaun wanted to depict that their love is ‘Timeless’ – beyond the limitations of the Past or the Future.
Carefully curated and detailed in their approach, Vivaah Weddings conceptualized everything from the décor to entertainment, food and beverage as well as event staff costumes which were customized to fit the theme of each of the events.
Each event was conceptualized in a different Era.
The Welcome Dinner was called ‘Arabesque Haveli’ which transported guests back into the medieval times to the Maharaja Era. The décor, seating style, the outfits as well as the entertainers were carefully handpicked to suit and fit the theme of the evening. Folk artists and ancient Arabian handicrafts were part of a traditional souk.
Following this event, the guests truly experienced an out of this world celebration at ‘The Interstellar Afterparty’ where the venue was converted into a large Space Station where Astronauts would serve light bites and drinks all night. With an Intergalactic theme to the décor, Dance floor, Bar and Artists, this celebration was truly out of this world.
On the second day, the Mehendi Afternoon was called ‘Under the Sea’ which was hosted at the pool side taking guests into a different realm where the bride was revealed from inside an Oyster and interactive artists such as Mermaids floated in the waters at the venue. This is the celebration where the bride and her bridesmaids get their hands painted with Henna.
The evening saw a mega song and dance extravaganza at the Sangeet Evening which was truly a surreal affair. The theme of the evening was beyond imagination and constantly challenging the mind. ‘The Magic Heart Hotel’ was a fusion of illusions, large interactive sets as well as quirky entertaining artists largely inspired by The Grand Budapest Hotel. Several international Bollywood artists headlined the stage performances before the DJ opened the dance floor to a session that lasted till the early hours of the morning.
The wedding ceremony took place on the third day. The Wedding Pheras were inspired by ‘Vintage Bombay’ from the British Era which saw hints of the grandeur of the Victorian style columns and walkways that led to the gorgeous Mandap.
Finally, the Reception Evening was ‘A Full Bloom’ that saw deep red roses all throughout the venue with a touch of Gold.
Overall, the 3-day celebration was a delight to watch as guests would wait anxiously and in anticipation of the next theme to be revealed.
For planning such celebrations at exotic destinations around the world, please call us on +971 45141200 or WhatsApp us!Surface Modification of Diamond and Cubic Boron Nitride Films for Sensing Applications
Project: Research
Researcher(s)
- Wenjun ZHANG (Principal Investigator / Project Coordinator)Department of Materials Science and EngineeringDepartment of Chemistry
- Chun Sing LEE (Co-Investigator)Department of ChemistryDepartment of Materials Science and Engineering
- Ning Bew WONG (Co-Investigator)
- Ruiqin ZHANG (Co-Investigator)Department of PhysicsDepartment of Materials Science and EngineeringListing Provided By RE/MAX Premier Group!
- Price:
- $319,900
- Bedrooms:
- 3
- Full Baths:
- 2
- Square Footage:
- 1,670
- Acreage:
- 0.29
- Year Built:
- 1979
- Listing ID #:
- 21048591
- Street Address:
- 4217 Pennsylvania St
- City:
- Longview
- State:
- Washington
- 98632
- County:
- Cowlitz
- Community:
- Cowlitz County Not In Woodland City Limits Or Scho
- Listing Status:
- Pending
- Listing Type:
- Manufactured On Land
- Building Condition:
- Resale
- Exterior Features:
- Rv Parking, Workshop, Public Road, Yard, Covered Deck
- Interior Features:
- Laundry, Washer/Dryer, Wall To Wall Carpet, Vinyl Floor
- Main Level Square Footage:
- 1670
- Siding:
- Aluminum
- Square Footage Source:
- Assesor
- Stories:
- 1
- Style:
- Double Wide Manufactured
- Total Building Square Footage:
- 1670
- Type Of Roof:
- Composition
- Year Built:
- 1979
- Lot Description:
- Corner Lot, Level
- Lot Size:
- 10, 000 To 14, 999 Sqft
- Road Surface:
- Paved
- Days On Market:
- 45
- Legal Description:
- 140 (cvg 2) -28 -12b 19 -8n -2w Lv15191 Lot 1 Fka Lv03111 Lot 1 O
- List Date:
- 2021-10-12
- Originating Mls:
- Regional Multiple Listing Service, Inc.
- Previous Listing Price:
- 329000
- Terms:
- Cash, Conventional, Fha, Va Loan
- Property Taxes:
- $1,763
- Tax Year:
- 2021
- Bedroom #2 On Level:
- Main
- Bedroom #3 On Level:
- Main
- Dining Room Level:
- Main
- Full Bathrooms At Basement Level:
- 0.0
- Full Bathrooms On Main Level:
- 2
- Kitchen Appliances:
- Free-Standing Range, Free-Standing Refrigerator
- Kitchen Level:
- Main
- Living Room Level:
- Main
- Master Bedroom Location:
- Main
- Other Rooms:
- Entry, Laundry, Master Bathroom
- Garage Capacity:
- 2
- Garage Description:
- Detached, Oversized
- Parking Description:
- Driveway
- Heating Description:
- Forced Air, Heat Pump
- Heating Fuel:
- Electricity
- Sewage Type:
- Public Sewer
- Water Amenities:
- Public
The amounts for the Tax, Insurance, and HOA are estimates and not actual amounts.
Your Payment
$1,400/mo
Source: CINC
- Listing Provided By RE/MAX Premier Group
- All information provided is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed and should be independently verified. This content last updated 11/26/2021 8:28 PM CST. Some properties which appear for sale on this web site may subsequently have sold or may no longer be available.Professional Education
- Doctor of Philosophy, Universitat Erlangen Nurnberg (2017)
- Master of Science, University Of Isfahan (2010)
- Bachelor of Science, Shahid Chamran University (2008)
Stanford Advisors
- Monther Abu-Remaileh, Postdoctoral Faculty Sponsor
- Monther Abu-Remaileh, Postdoctoral Research Mentor
Additional Info
Links
All Publications
- meshes.
View details for Web of Science ID 000369951100058
View details for PubMedID 26673818
View details for PubMedCentralID PMC4811501
- Novel Aza-podophyllotoxin derivative induces oxidative phosphorylation and cell death via AMPK activation in triple-negative breast cancer. British journal of cancer 2020
Abstract
To circumvent Warburg effect, several clinical trials for different cancers are utilising a combinatorial approach using metabolic reprogramming and chemotherapeutic agents including metformin. The majority of these metabolic interventions work via indirectly activating AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) to alter cellular metabolism in favour of oxidative phosphorylation over aerobic glycolysis. The effect of these drugs is dependent on glycaemic and insulin conditions. Therefore, development of small molecules, which can activate AMPK, irrespective of the energy state, may be a better approach for triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) treatment.Therapeutic effect of SU212 on TNBC cells was examined using in vitro and in vivo models.We developed and characterised the efficacy of novel AMPK activator (SU212) that selectively induces oxidative phosphorylation and decreases glycolysis in TNBC cells, while not affecting these pathways in normal cells. SU212 accomplished this metabolic reprogramming by activating AMPK independent of energy stress and irrespective of the glycaemic/insulin state. This leads to mitotic phase arrest and apoptosis in TNBC cells. In vivo, SU212 inhibits tumour growth, cancer progression and metastasis.SU212 directly activates AMPK in TNBC cells, but does not hamper glucose metabolism in normal cells. Our study provides compelling preclinical data for further development of SU212 for the treatment of TNBC.
View details for DOI 10.1038/s41416-020-01137-4
View details for PubMedID 33139797
-I am pleased to announce that I am merging my practice the Law Offices of Nithya Nagarajan, LLC (NNLLC) with the International Trade practice of Husch Blackwell in its Washington, DC office as a Partner. I will officially join the new firm on February 12, 2018.
Husch Blackwell’s international trade remedies team assists Fortune 100 U.S. producers, international trading companies, foreign trade associations, and numerous medium-sized corporations worldwide with complex problems involving all aspects of trade remedies. The ability to offer my clients the tremendous resources available at Husch Blackwell will provide over 100 years of collective experience to the table.
Significantly, members of my new team draw on practical knowledge gained from industry experience and government service with two of the most important agencies in antidumping or countervailing duty investigations. In addition to my own experience as an attorney in the Office of Chief Counsel for Enforcement and Compliance and as Senior Analyst in the Office of AD/CVD enforcement, my team will now comprise of a former attorney in the Office of the General Counsel of the U.S. International Trade Commission.
My new firm’s broader capabilities include customs expertise to address issues with U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP). We closely coordinate trade remedies strategy with CBP strategy to ensure goods are imported efficiently and with proper duty rates imposed. We also coordinate with the firm’s government affairs, white collar crime, and corporate reorganization and bankruptcy attorneys to ensure seamless representation. Additionally, we counsel companies involved in mergers and acquisitions that could be affected materially by trade remedies issues.
Our team’s primary location in Washington, D.C. offers close access to pertinent agencies and decision makers, including the International Trade Commission, the Department of Commerce (International Trade Administration), the U.S. Trade Representative, Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and the White House.
We have developed an extensive network of experienced foreign trade lawyers and consultants in most major countries with whom we work closely. Our work has included matters for clients in China, India, Mexico, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Turkey, the U.K., Canada, Russia, and Kazakhstan.
Nithya Nagarajan
Law Offices of Nithya Nagarajan, LLC
202-656-2448 (office)
301-807-1286 (cell)
nithya@intl-tradelaw.com
nithyan00@yahoo.comMemorial Day and the National Moment of Remembrance
The Memorial Day in the United States
The history of “Memorial Day” or “Decoration Day” goes back to 1864 in remembrance of those who lost their lives during the Civil War in the battle of Gettysburg, in Pennsylvania. The day was only observed as the remembrance day in several States until 1873 when it became an official holiday first in New York and soon after across the U.S by more States. In 1966 the House resolution of 587 introduced by Congressman Samuel S. Stratton, recognized the observance of May 5th, 1866 in Waterloo New York the original date and place of the Memorial Day. Throughout the decades, from 1868 to 1970, the observance of the Memorial Day had been held on May 30th.
In 1971 the Memorial Day was moved to the last Monday of May as the Federal holiday. Further to that in 2000 the Congress established the “National Moment of Remembrance” act by inviting all Americans at 3:00 p.m to observe (in their own ways) moments of remembrance, honoring, respect and prayer for all fallen heroes.
- Additional: A Proclamation: Prayer for Peace, Memorial Day, 2021 by President Biden, the White House
- National Memorial Day Observance by President Trump, May 2018
- President Obama National Moment of Remembrance on Memorial Day, May 2016
- U.S Army Europe and Africa
- The U.S. Army Reserve’s 7th Mission Support Command
- U.S Air Force Europe-Africa The 7th Army Training
- U.S European Command
By Editor in Chief Sources: U.S ArmyDASH CAMS
CONTINUOUS + EVENT TRIGGERED SOLUTIONS
Safety and Risk Management Technology
The MDR Series is our commercial grade dash cam with an expandable third channel (additional costs apply). The camera records all driving activity with “event” markers for identifying operator behaviors that put companies at risk, such as aggressive driving (hard braking/acceleration), speeding, vehicle warnings, panic buttons, and most importantly, collisions.
All data and videos are stored on an SD card with other important information, such as GPS location, date, time, and speed. Managers can easily view this information using our software to assist in the development of proactive safety programs and retain crucial evidence to protect their drivers, vehicles, and company.
FLEXIBLE SOLUTIONS
Commercial Truck
- Decreases collisions
- Reduces insurance premiums
- Improves driving behaviors and safety
- Exonerates drivers
- Enhances security
- Quickens claim settlement
Taxi
Benefits
- Decreases collisions
- Ensures safety for both drivers and passengers
- Possibly removes taxi security shield
- Reduces insurance premiums
- Exonerates drivers
- Quickens claim settlement
Towing & Repo
Benefits
- Decreases collisions
- Ensures safety for both drivers and passengers
- Possibly removes taxi security shield
- Reduces insurance premiums
- Exonerates drivers
- Quickens claim settlement
Locomotive (Rail Shipper)
Benefits
- Decreases collisions
- Improves conductor behavior
- Adds more visibility
- Reduces insurance premiums
- Exonerates drivers
- Quickens claim settlement
Compatible Products
HOW IT WORKS
01
02
03
KEY BENEFITS
Continuous Recording
Identify risky driving habits before they become a problem. With continuous recording, companies can monitor if their drivers are wearing seatbelts, using mobile devices while driving, or displaying other distracting behavior while behind the wheel. This allows managers to take corrective action prior to serious incidents.
Event Triggered Recording
Ensure that critical data is easy to recover and retain. The event-triggered recording will automatically find, flag, and overwrite-protect aggressive driving and collision events, which makes it easy for companies to retrieve when necessary.
Integrated GPS Data Logging
Coordinate important GPS data to video with ease. The integrated GPS antenna helps companies put together a complete picture of recorded driving activity. This includes location, speed, direction of travel and will also automatically set the time and date. Google Maps integration makes it simple to review.
Data Review & Management Tools
Review data quickly and easily with the included software. All information is displayed in a simple format for user review. The driver report option allows companies to create an at-a-glance view of their fleet vehicle’s performance to properly train their operators to avoid risky driving behavior.
File Security
Protect your data from unauthorized viewing. All data is encrypted to prevent unauthorized parties from reviewing the files. Companies can also password-protect the information as an added layer of security. This deems all recorded data unusable in the case of mishandling.
Redundant Data Backup
Prevent potential data loss with redundant recording. Systems have the option of recording in two places at once (main camera unit and a “hidden” black box), which gives companies a backup of all recorded data. This provides additional recovery options in case of theft or total loss.KJD EMPLOYMENT LTD Company
Kjd Employment Ltd
The Kjd Employment Ltd is a Private Limited Company that was incorporated on 31/01/2019. The Kjd Employment Ltd company number is 11799765 and the registered office address of this company is 25a Pear Tree Street Post Town:- Derby Country:- United Kingdom Post Code:- De23 8pp and the origin country is United Kingdom. The nature of business and Standard industrial classification of economic activities (SIC) number of Kjd Employment Ltd is 49410 - Freight Transport By Road and the current status of this company is Active. The Next return Due date of Kjd Employment Ltd is 28/02/2020 and the last return was made up on . The Accounts Next due date of Kjd Employment Ltd is 31/10/2020 and the last account made up date was . The confirm statement nex due date of Kjd Employment Ltd is and last made up date was .We sat down with Thomas Sylla, award-winning writer, filmmaker and Program Chair, Animation & Visual Effects and Digital Film at SAE Expression College Emeryville, to discuss his career, passions and why a good screenplay is essential for the success of any movie.
Please tell me a bit about your background. What brought you to SAE? Why Film?
I grew up watching and making movies. I loved them and always wanted to make a career of it. After going to film school at USC in Los Angeles, I settled in the Bay Area and worked for various production companies, including Lucasfilm, before shifting my focus into writing and producing my own projects. A friend worked at SAE Expression College, so I took a look. Teaching seemed like a great way to stay engaged in the film world, work with enthusiastic students and share my knowledge and passion. That’s the reason why I’ve been at SAE Institute for over 15 years now.
About teaching at SAE Expression College
What I love most about teaching at Expression College is the atmosphere buzzing with creative energy. Everyone here—both students and staff—are so excited about the work they are doing. There is nothing better than being surrounded by people who love what they do and radiate positive energy and enthusiasm. I used to love meeting with groups of students on campus as well but, of course, COVID-19 has paused this for now. Looking forward to when it’s safe for us to all be together again.
Where it all begins: the magic of a good screenplay, his favorite part of the curriculum
My favorite parts of the curriculum are story development and screenwriting. I really love the process of coming up with an idea for a story, fleshing it out and turning it into a screenplay. In my view, this is where the real magic happens – creating exciting situations, compelling characters, dramatic twists and turns, seeing the story play out in my mind…the screenplay is where it all begins. I often tell my students that you can make a bad film from a good screenplay, but it’s probably impossible to make a good film from a bad screenplay.
About transferring skills from classroom to a working environment
One of the most important things I took from the classroom was the ability to work with a group of people to accomplish a goal. Learning how to organize, coordinate, delegate, and compromise is vital.
Errors and regrets
I could have budgeted more time for my personal creative projects. I always feel like I want to be spending more time on them.
- 5 tips for an aspiring film student
- Learn the basics of good storytelling.
- Watch lots of films to see what works and doesn’t work.
- Build a community of fellow filmmakers so you can network.
- Go above and beyond what’s expected with every job you get.
- Stay current with the technology but don’t obsess on it: remember that a good story is key.
A movie I would have liked to make
“The Silence of the Lambs.” That film is a masterpiece of suspense and characterization, and it’s one of the leanest stories I’ve ever seen – every detail and plot point is vital to the story. Nothing is extraneous. I would have really enjoyed seeing it being created. It’s a testament to the film’s excellence that it won all five major Academy Awards the year it was released: picture, director, actor, actress, and screenplay.
My favorite quote
“Reality Ends Here.” (motto of USC Cinema, from which I graduated)
About Thomas Sylla
Award-winning writer and filmmaker with 15 years teaching experience. Scripts sold to major Hollywood film and television studios. Worked for Lucasfilm and Industrial Light and Magic on films including “Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade,” “Ghostbusters II,” “Back to the Future III,” “Joe Versus the Volcano” and “The Young Indiana Jones” television series. Wrote, directed and edited feature film “No Return” which was accepted into national film festivals, won a Directing Award and was distributed domestically and internationally. Wrote and directed two commercials which won awards at MOFILM’s international competitions. Tom did voiceover work in the three original “Star Wars” movies.Managing Director & Partner
New York
Arnold Kogan is a core member of the Consumer and Operations practices at Boston Consulting Group. He is also the global lead for manufacturing and supply chain diagnostics and benchmarking., supply chain planning, manufacturing and distribution strategy, global category sourcing, and digital capability building.
Prior to joining BCG, Arnold was with Deloitte Consulting and Texas Instruments, where he worked in a variety of operations and finance leadership roles around the globe.
The dizzying growth in e-commerce has wreaked havoc on CPG supply chains. Here’s how companies can tackle channel proliferation and meet customers’ rising expectations..Confirmed order ships with in 30 days. The item "LEGO STAR WARS 2020 SDCC Exclusive 77904 Nebulon-B Frigate Pre-Order" is in sale since Sunday, October 25, 2020. This item is in the category "Toys & Hobbies\Building Toys\LEGO Building Toys\LEGO Complete Sets & Packs". The seller is "burningmac" and is located in USA. This item can be shipped to United States, Israel, Saudi arabia, United arab emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, Jordan, Oman.Description
Autoglym Interior Shampoo 500ml
Autoglym Interior Shampoo can be used to remove tough and stubborn stains from car upholstery, mats, doors, headlining, dashboard, steering wheel, switches, pedals, handles and stalks. Interior Shampoo cleans easily through dirt and grime leaving you car interior squeaky clean with a fresh fragrance.
Interior Shampoo can be used on all interior fabrics and hard surfaces.
High performance products, inspired by your passion for perfection. That's the Autoglym way, always has been.
- Cleans & freshens carpets, fabric upholstery and plastics
- Suitale for use on all interior and hard surfaces
500ml trigger spray bottle
Made in Great Britain
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.U.S. Vice President Joe Biden faced an altered political dynamic on Wednesday after Hillary Clinton reasserted her command of the Democratic Party presidential race during a debate that may have left little room for him to run.
Analysts widely hailed Clinton, 67, as turning in a nimble, effective performance on Tuesday night, perhaps easing the fears of some Democrats fretting that the flap over her use of a private email server while in the Obama administration was torpedoing her candidacy for the November 2016 election.
In doing so, she, the evening served as a reminder of how tenacious Clinton can be as a candidate, steeled by scores of debates in her 2008 presidential run and four years as secretary of state. about the civil war in Syria.
Clinton’s campaign chairman John Podesta said Biden needs to decide now whether to run or not.
“This debate has been joined. We’re talking about different ideas about how to take the country forward, how to improve and build upon what President Obama has achieved. And if Vice President Biden wants to enter and compete for the presidency then it is time for him to make that decision,” he told MSNBC.
The debate attracted a record 15.3 million viewers, host CNN said on Wednesday, citing Nielsen data. That is the highest audience for a Democratic presidential debate, but is still lower than the ratings for the Republicans’ first two 2016 election debates earlier this year.
Tuesday’s debate may also have.
“He didn’t handle himself well on guns or on foreign policy,” said Brad Bannon, a Democratic strategist in Washington. “He seemed flustered and defensive. Americans want someone calm and collected when dealing with a crisis.”
Republican front-runner Donald Trump declared Clinton the winner of the encounter, in part because the other Democrats did not put her under much pressure.
But Clinton did give Republicans ammunition as she came out strongly in favor of gun control and tighter regulation of banks, and brushed off former Rhode Island Governor Lincoln Chafee’s concerns about her email use.
“Clinton’s record of hypocrisy and flip-flops on everything from Wall Street, trade, immigration, and foreign policy was on full display. Her unwillingness to fully explain the circumstances surrounding her secret email server, and the ongoing FBI investigation into it, further damages her credibility,” Reince Priebus, head of the Republican National Committee, said in a statement.Take your game to the next level
Private / Semi-Private Lessons
Whether you’re thinking about getting started or want to achieve better results— AllSport can take you there. Get ready to learn new fundamentals and develop your talents and abilities. Browse our professional coaching options below to find the perfect coach and the best fit for your needs.
Professional Hitting Coach
Calvin Baxter
Calvin Baxter is AllSport's baseball hitting coach. Calvin was hand-picked by the great hitting coach, Chuck Hoyle, to continue his proven style of hitting instruction when Chuck retired in June of 2016. Calvin has given private lessons and clinics with Chuck Hoyle for over six years. He has worked with players from Little League through the collegiate level to improve performance. When working under former professional player Will Rhymes during the fall and winter of 2010, Calvin focused on hitting mechanics and developing consistently powerful swings. Will Rhymes has played for the Tigers and the Nationals and currently serves as a scout for the LA Dodgers. Calvin has also given lessons to Ian Rice, who was selected by the Cubs organization in 2015. Currently Rice leads his Professional single A league in slugging percentage and OPS and is currently second in his league with 9 homeruns in only 124 at-bats. A native of northern Virginia, Calvin attended Flint Hill School in Oakton and has recently graduated from Gettysburg College.
To Schedule hitting lessons with Calvin, go toMacroautophagy is a bulk degradation system conserved in all eukaryotic cells. A ubiquitin-like protein, Atg8, and its homologues are essential for autophagosome formation and act as a landmark for selective autophagy of aggregated proteins and damaged organelles. In this study, we report evidence demonstrating that OATL1, a putative Rab guanosine triphosphatase–activating protein (GAP), is a novel binding partner of Atg8 homologues in mammalian cells. OATL1 is recruited to isolation membranes and autophagosomes through direct interaction with Atg8 homologues and is involved in the fusion between autophagosomes and lysosomes through its GAP activity. We further provide evidence that Rab33B, an Atg16L1-binding protein, is a target substrate of OATL1 and is involved in the fusion between autophagosomes and lysosomes, the same as OATL1. Because both its GAP activity and its Atg8 homologue–binding activity are required for OATL1 to function, we propose a model that OATL1 uses Atg8 homologues as a scaffold to exert its GAP activity and to regulate autophagosomal maturation.
Introduction
Macroautophagy (referred to as autophagy hereafter) is a conserved mechanism for degrading cytosolic proteins and organelles in eukaryotic cells. Autophagy in mammalian cells not only supplies nutrients under starved conditions but also protects against human diseases by degrading aggregated proteins and damaged organelles (Mizushima et al., 2008). The degradation of cytoplasmic components by autophagy is achieved as follows. Isolation membranes (also called phagophores) emerge in the cytoplasm and elongate to envelop cytoplasmic components. The resulting spherical structures, called autophagosomes, fuse with endosomes and lysosomes, and their intermediate organelles, called autolysosomes, are ultimately transformed into lysosomes. These membrane dynamics involved in autophagosome formation are well recognized, but the mechanism that regulates membrane trafficking during autophagy remains largely unknown (Yoshimori, 2004; Mizushima, 2007).
A set of genes essential for autophagy (ATG genes) was originally identified by genetic analysis of the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae (Klionsky et al., 2003; Nakatogawa et al., 2009), and their presence was subsequently demonstrated in a variety of eukaryotic cells, including mammalian cells. One of their gene products, Atg8, and its homologues (e.g., LC3, GABARAP, and GATE-16 in mammals) are ubiquitin-like proteins conjugated to phosphatidylethanolamine (PE), and they have been found to be localized at elongating isolation membranes and autophagosomes but not at autolysosomes or lysosomes (Ichimura et al., 2000; Kabeya et al., 2000, 2004). In vitro analysis has shown that Atg8-PE forms an oligomer and induces liposome clustering and hemifusion (Nakatogawa et al., 2007), indicating that membrane remodeling is a function of Atg8 homologues. Actually, isolation membranes devoid of Atg8 homologues elongate but do not form mature autophagosomes in mammalian cells (Fujita et al., 2008b; Sou et al., 2008; Weidberg et al., 2010). Another function of Atg8 homologues is as an adapter for selective autophagy because, for example, p62/SQSTM1 (referred to as p62 hereafter) and NBR1 directly interact with both Atg8 homologues and polyubiquitin and thereby facilitate the clearance of polyubiquitinated proteins by autophagy in mammalian cells (Komatsu et al., 2007; Pankiv et al., 2007; Ichimura et al., 2008; Kirkin et al., 2009). Atg8 homologues seem to have additional functions because they interact with a variety of proteins, including GABA receptor γ2, clathrin heavy chain, and calreticulin (Mohrlüder et al., 2009), but the physiological functions of their interactions have yet to be determined.
Rab-type small GTPases are evolutionarily conserved membrane trafficking proteins (Pfeffer, 2001; Zerial and McBride, 2001; Stenmark, 2009), and it has been suggested that some members of the Rab family regulate autophagy. Rab7 (or Ypt7 in budding yeasts), which is responsible for the function of lysosomes (or vacuoles), is important for the fusion between autophagosomes and lysosomes and the subsequent degradation of autophagosomal contents (Kirisako et al., 1999; Gutierrez et al., 2004; Jäger et al., 2004). Rab11 regulates fusion between multivesicular bodies and autophagosomes in mammalian cells (Fader et al., 2008), and ER-resident Rab24 and Rab32 are involved in autophagosome formation, although the precise molecular mechanisms of their involvement are largely unknown (Munafó and Colombo, 2002; Hirota and Tanaka, 2009). We have previously reported finding that Golgi-resident Rab33B interacts with Atg16L1, an essential factor for isolation membrane elongation (Mizushima et al., 2003; Cadwell et al., 2008; Saitoh et al., 2008) and that it affects LC3 lipidation (Itoh et al., 2008). However, the regulatory mechanism of these Rab proteins in the autophagy process is totally unknown because their regulatory factors have never been identified.
In general, Rab proteins are thought to be activated and inactivated by guanine nucleotide exchange factor and GTPase-activating protein (GAP), respectively. A TBC (Tre-2/Bub2/Cdc16) domain was the first Rab-GAP domain reported in the budding yeasts (Strom et al., 1993), and ∼40 TBC domain–containing proteins (referred to as TBC proteins hereafter) are found in humans and mice (Bernards, 2003; Fukuda, 2011). Although the target Rabs of mammalian TBC proteins are being identified step by step (Fukuda, 2011), no TBC protein has yet been reported to be directly involved in autophagy.
In this study, we screened for mammalian TBC proteins involved in the autophagy process by expressing 41 different TBC proteins in mouse embryonic fibroblast (MEF) cells and monitoring them for colocalization with endogenous LC3. We succeeded in identifying OATL1/TBC1D25 (referred to as OATL1 hereafter) and TBC1D2B as autophagosome-resident TBC proteins and characterized the function of OATL1 in autophagy. The results of the present study show that OATL1 is recruited to autophagosomes through direct interaction with Atg8 homologues and that its overexpression inhibits conversion from autophagosomes to autolysosomes (i.e., autophagosomal maturation). They also reveal that Rab33B, an Atg16L1-binding Rab protein (Itoh et al., 2008), is a target of OATL1. Possible mechanisms of OATL1-mediated regulation of autophagosomal maturation are discussed based on these findings.
Results
Screening for TBC proteins involved in autophagy
To search for TBC proteins showing autophagosomal localization and/or that affect autophagosomal biogenesis, we transiently expressed EGFP-tagged human or mouse TBC proteins in MEF cells and compared their localization with endogenous LC3 (i.e., isolation membranes and autophagosomes) under starved conditions. Two of the 41 TBC proteins we tested, OATL1 and TBC1D2B (recently reported as an LC3-binding protein; Behrends et al., 2010), were clearly colocalized with LC3 (Fig. 1 A and Fig. S1), and TBC1D11 showed partial colocalization with LC3 (Fig. S1). Some portions of GFP-OATL1–positive dot structures were also overlapped with Atg12, an isolation membrane marker protein (Fig. 1 B), suggesting that GFP-OATL1 was localized at both isolation membranes and autophagosomes. To confirm the autophagosomal localization of OATL1, we investigated the localization of GFP-OATL1 in living cells under various nutrient conditions. Under nutrient-rich conditions, GFP-OATL1 was dispersed in the cytoplasm and formed small punctate structures (Fig. 1 C, left), whereas after amino acid and serum starvation, GFP-OATL1 formed ring-shaped structures (Fig. 1 C, center). These ring structures likely corresponded to autophagosomes because merged images showed that they almost perfectly coincided with monomeric strawberry (mStr)–tagged LC3 (mStr-LC3; Fig. 1 D) and had diminished in number after replenishment with nutrient-rich medium (Fig. 1 C, right). Immuno-EM revealed that GFP-OATL1 was clearly localized at autophagosome-like structures (Fig. 1 E, arrows). These findings indicate that GFP-OATL1 is localized at isolation membranes and autophagosomes under starved conditions.
Subcellular localization of GFP-OATL1 in autophagy-deficient cells
To determine whether the localization of OATL1 depends on autophagosome formation, we investigated the subcellular localization of GFP-OATL1 by using the three types of autophagy-deficient cells. First, we investigated the localization of GFP-OATL1 in cells treated with wortmannin, a phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase inhibitor that inhibits isolation membrane formation (Blommaart et al., 1997; Mizushima et al., 2001). GFP-OATL1 was dispersed in the cytoplasm and partially colocalized with GM130, a cis-Golgi marker protein in the wortmannin-treated cells, whereas in the control cells, GFP-OATL1 was colocalized with endogenous LC3-positive structures (Fig. 1 F). The same change in the distribution of GFP-OATL1 was observed in the second type of autophagy-deficient cells, Atg5-knockout (KO) MEF cells, in which the formation of isolation membranes is completely abolished (Fig. 1 G; Mizushima et al., 2001). The third type of autophagy-deficient cells we used were NIH3T3 cells expressing an Atg4B mutant protein with an alanine substitution for the 74th catalytic cysteine residue (Atg4B-CA cells; Fujita et al., 2008b). In contrast to the wortmannin-treated cells and Atg5-KO cells, the Atg4B-CA–expressing cells possess isolation membranes, but such isolation membranes are devoid of Atg8 homologues, including LC3 (Fujita et al., 2008b). GFP-OATL1 did not form any punctate structures in the Atg4B-CA–expressing cells, but the isolation membrane marker protein Atg16L1 clearly formed punctate structures, the same as in the control cells (Fig. 1 H). These findings collectively suggest that OATL1 is targeted to Atg8 homologue–decorated isolation membranes and autophagosomes.
OATL1 directly binds Atg8 homologues
The specific localization of OATL1 on Atg8 homologue–resident isolation membranes and autophagosomes led us to hypothesize that OATL1 physically interacts with Atg8 homologues. To verify our hypothesis, we attempted to analyze the interaction between OATL1 and Atg8 homologues by yeast two-hybrid (Y2H) assays. We tested the interaction of OATL1 with LC3-β (referred to as LC3 hereafter), GABARAP, and GATE-16 as representatives of the three subfamilies classified by their primary sequences (Fig. S2). The results showed that OATL1 interacted with all three Atg8 homologues, although the Y2H interactions depend on the combination of bait and prey (Fig. 2, B and C). To determine which region of OATL1 is responsible for the interaction with Atg8 homologues, we constructed three truncated mutants of OATL1 (Fig. 2 A and Fig. S3 A). The results showed that the GFP-tagged N-terminal region of OATL1 (GFP–OATL1-N) alone was sufficient to colocalize with LC3 and that the GFP-tagged TBC domain of OATL1 (GFP–OATL1-TBC) and C-terminal region of OATL1 (GFP–OATL1-C) were not (Fig. S3, B–D). Consistent with the results of the immunofluorescence analysis, OATL1-N alone interacted with Atg8 homologues in the Y2H assay (Fig. 2, B and C), indicating that the N-terminal domain of OATL1 is sufficient for the interaction between OATL1 and Atg8 homologues. Furthermore, direct interactions between OATL1 and the three Atg8 homologues were observed when purified components were used (Fig. 2 D, lanes 10–12), although GABARAP seemed to show the highest affinity for OATL1-N among the three Atg8 homologues tested (Fig. 2 D, compare lane 11 with lanes 10 and 12). Moreover, we discovered a unique sequence in the N-terminal region of OATL1 that is similar to the LC3 recognition sequence (LRS) of p62 and NBR1 (Fig. 2 A; Ichimura et al., 2008; Kirkin et al., 2009). We especially noted the presence of the 136th tryptophan and diacidic residues (i.e., 134th glutamic acid and 135th aspartic acid) of OATL1 because mutations of the corresponding residues in p62 and NBR1 abrogated LC3-binding ability (Ichimura et al., 2008; Kirkin et al., 2009). As expected, mutant proteins in which these residues were replaced by alanines, i.e., OATL1-N-WA and OATL1-N-ED/AA, completely abolished and dramatically reduced, respectively, the interaction with GABARAP (Fig. 2 E, compare lane 6 and lanes 7 or 8). Consistent with the results of the in vitro binding assays, neither GFP-OATL1-WA nor GFP-OATL1-ED/AA was localized at LC3-positive structures (Fig. 3). We therefore concluded that OATL1 is localized at autophagosomes through a direct interaction with Atg8 homologues.
OATL1 is not susceptible to lysosomal degradation through autophagy
Because two Atg8 homologue–binding proteins, p62 and NBR1, have been shown to be degraded in the process of selective autophagy (Komatsu et al., 2007; Pankiv et al., 2007; Ichimura et al., 2008; Kirkin et al., 2009), it seemed highly likely that OATL1 is a substrate of autophagy. To investigate this possibility, we compared the amount of endogenous OATL1 protein in MEF cells under nutrient-rich and starved conditions. To our surprise, however, the amount of OATL1 in MEF cells was unaltered, even when autophagy was activated under starved conditions (Fig. 4 A, compare lanes 1 and 2, top), whereas the amount of p62 was clearly decreased under the same conditions (Fig. 4 A, compare lanes 1 and 2, second panel). Moreover, the amount of OATL1 was not increased, even by treatment with lysosomal protease inhibitors (E64-d and pepstatin A; Fig. 4 B, top), whereas the amounts of p62 and LC3-II were dramatically increased (Fig. 4 B, second and bottom panel, respectively). To rule out the possibility of transcriptional regulation of OATL1, we also tested MEF cells expressing T7-OATL1 under a retrovirus promoter. The same as the endogenous OATL1 level, the T7-OATL1 protein level was unaltered by treatment with the lysosomal protease inhibitors (Fig. 4 C, lanes 3 and 4). Although a point mutation in p62 or NBR1 that impairs their interaction with Atg8 homologues has been shown to abrogate efficient degradation of p62 or NBR1 (Ichimura et al., 2008; Kirkin et al., 2009), the WA mutation in OATL1 did not affect the amount of OATL1 at all (Fig. 4 C, lanes 5 and 6). We therefore concluded that OATL1 is not an autophagic substrate and that it is not susceptible to lysosomal degradation through autophagy.
Overexpression of OATL1 causes a delay in autophagosomal maturation
We next investigated the effect of overexpression of OATL1 on autophagy under various nutrient conditions by monitoring the profile of LC3 lipidation and the numbers of isolation membranes and autophagosomes in the cytoplasm. MEF cells stably expressing T7-tagged OATL1 (named OATL1 cells) contained a slightly increased amount of LC3-II under starved and replenished conditions in comparison with the control cells (Fig. 5 A, compare lanes 2 and 5 and lanes 3 and 6). Consistent with the results of the immunoblot analysis, the number of LC3-positive dots detected by the anti-LC3 antibody in OATL1 cells under both starved and replenished conditions was significantly higher than in the control cells (Fig. 5 B). This increased number of LC3 dots in the OATL1 cells might have been attributable to either an activation of autophagosome formation or an inactivation of autophagosomal maturation. To determine which of these two possibilities was actually responsible for the increase, we counted the number of Atg16L1-positive dots (corresponding to isolation membranes) under the same conditions because if OATL1 had accelerated autophagosome formation, the number of isolation membranes would have increased. Quantitative analysis revealed that the number of isolation membranes in the OATL1 cells was significantly higher than in the control cells under starved conditions but comparable with the number in the control cells under replenished conditions (Fig. 5 C). Furthermore, simultaneous observation of endogenous Atg16L1 (isolation membranes) and GFP-LC3 (isolation membranes and autophagosomes) in cells expressing GFP-LC3 confirmed that OATL1 overexpression resulted in an increase in GFP-LC3 dots alone under replenished conditions (Fig. 5 D). It should be noted that prolonged incubation under replenished conditions resulted in a gradual decrease in the number of LC3 dots to the control level (unpublished data). Immuno-EM observations revealed that, under starved conditions, GFP-LC3 was localized at typical autophagosomes in both control cells and OATL1 cells (Fig. 5 E, left, arrows). Under replenished conditions, the GFP-LC3 in OATL1 cells was mainly localized at autophagosome-like structures (Fig. 5 E, right, arrows) and occasionally at amphisome-like structures that contained multiple vesicles (Fig. 5 E, asterisks). Because we did not find any LC3-positive structures having a similar appearance in the control cells (Fig. 5 E, bottom right two images), these structures at the EM level most likely correspond to the residual LC3-positive organelles observed by immunofluorescence microscopy (Fig. 5 D). These findings allowed us to conclude that overexpression of OATL1 delays a process that occurs after the formation of autophagosomes and that would adequately explain the increased number of isolation membranes under starved conditions in OATL1 cells. The retarded maturation of the autophagosomes in OATL1 cells may reduce the negative feedback by nutrients from lysosomes and also contribute to the increase in the number of isolation membranes.
OATL1 delays autophagosomal maturation by inhibiting the encounter between autophagosomes and lysosomes
Because autophagosomal maturation is achieved by the fusion of autophagosomes with endosomes and lysosomes (Yoshimori, 2004), we attempted to determine whether the residual LC3-positive structures possess the properties of lysosomes. To do so, we monitored Lamp-1 as a lysosomal marker in OATL1 cells. However, colocalization between Lamp-1 and LC3 was hardly detected in OATL1 cells under replenished conditions (Fig. 6 A), suggesting a possibility that residual autophagosomes in OATL1 cells do not encounter with lysosomes. To investigate this possibility, we treated OATL1 cells with an inhibitor of vacuolar-type ATPase, bafilomycin A1, which decreases lysosomal protease activity and LC3 degradation in lysosomes. In the presence of bafilomycin A1, the LC3 in control cells was often localized in lysosomes (i.e., surrounded by Lamp-1; Fig. 6 B, top). However, overexpression of OATL1 under such conditions decreased the ratio of LC3-positive lysosomes and increased the number of Lamp-1–negative LC3 dots (i.e., autophagosomes; Fig. 6, B [bottom], C, and D). These results suggest that overexpression of OATL1 delayed a process that fuses autophagosomes and lysosomes.
Atg8 homologue–binding activity and GAP activity of OATL1 are required for the delayed autophagosomal maturation
Because OATL1 contains both an LRS-like motif and a TBC Rab-GAP domain, we also investigated the requirement of these domains for the inhibitory activity of OATL1 in autophagosomal maturation. To do so, we established three additional MEF cell lines stably expressing T7-tagged OATL1-WA, OATL1-ED/AA, and OATL1-RK (in which the 279th catalytic arginine residue in OATL1 is replaced by lysine; Fig. 7 A). The results showed no effect of any of the three mutants on either the profile of LC3 lipidation (Fig. 7, D and E) or the number of autophagosomes (Fig. 7, B and C), although the OATL1-RK mutant retained the ability to be recruited to autophagosomes and to bind LC3 (Fig. S4, A and B). These findings indicated that both the Atg8 homologue–binding activity and the GAP activity of OATL1 are essential for its effects on autophagosome maturation.
Because OATL1 is endogenously expressed in MEF cells (Fig. 4 A), we also evaluated the effect of OATL1 knockdown on autophagy by using specific siRNA. However, although the amount of p62 was slightly decreased in the OATL1 knockdown cells (∼70% of the amount in the control cells), OATL1 knockdown had no effect on the profile of LC3, autophagic flux, or the number of LC3 dots (Fig. S5, A, C, and E). We speculate that OATL1 and p62 compete with each other for binding to Atg8 homologues in vivo and that down-regulation of OATL1 enables more frequent access of p62 to Atg8 homologues, thereby resulting in the decrease in p62.
Rab33B is the target of OATL1
Because the GAP activity of OATL1 is important for its function, we next searched for its substrate among the Rab family members. We purified GST-tagged OATL1 proteins from COS-7 cells and assessed their GAP activity toward eleven Rabs purified from bacteria. The results showed that OATL1 significantly promoted the GTP hydrolysis activity of Rab33B in a dose-dependent manner (Fig. 8 B), whereas it did not exhibit any significant GAP activity toward other Rabs (Fig. 8 A). Although we previously reported that OATL1 has GAP activity toward Rab2A (Itoh et al., 2006), a higher dose of OATL1 is required for clear Rab2A-GAP activity than for Rab33B-GAP activity (2 pmol for Rab2A vs. 0.5 pmol for Rab33B), indicating that OATL1 prefers Rab33B as a substrate. Because the RK mutation completely abolished Rab33B-GAP activity (Fig. 8 C), OATL1 should exert its GAP activity by the conserved mechanism (Pan et al., 2006). The Rab33B-GAP activity of OATL1 was also confirmed by a GTP-Rab pull-down assay (Itoh and Fukuda, 2006) in which the amount of active Rab33B was estimated by using beads coupled with Atg16L1, an effector of Rab33B (Itoh et al., 2008). The amount of active Rab33B was dramatically reduced only when Rab33B was coexpressed with OATL1 (Fig. 8 D, second panel, compare lanes 1 and 4). It should be noted that no other TBC proteins possessed as strong Rab33B-GAP activity as OATL1 (Fig. 8 D), indicating that the relationship between OATL1 and Rab33B is highly specific.
Effect of Rab33B-QL overexpression on autophagosomal maturation
If Rab33B is a target of OATL1 during autophagosomal maturation in vivo, Rab33B should also affect autophagosomal maturation. As expected, expression of FLAG-tagged Rab33B (FLAG-Rab33B) or Rab33B-QL (i.e., a GTPase-deficient mutant; FLAG–Rab33B-QL) increased both the LC3-II level (Fig. 9 A) and the number of LC3-positive dots in the cytoplasm (Fig. 9 B) even under replenished conditions. Because monomeric RFP–Rab33B-TN (a constitutively negative form mutant) did not increase LC3-II under nutrient-rich or starved conditions (Itoh et al., 2008), Rab33B-TN is unlikely to affect autophagosomal maturation. In contrast to the OATL1-expressing cells (Fig. 6 A), most of the LC3-positive dots in the cytoplasm of FLAG–Rab33-QL–expressing cells appeared to be colocalized with Lamp-1, especially when viewed under low magnification (Fig. 9 C, left). However, close inspection of the immunostaining under high magnification revealed that most of the LC3-positive dots did not completely overlap with the Lamp-1–positive dots (Fig. 9 C, right), in contrast to their appearance in the bafilomycin A1–treated cells (Fig. 6 B). Based on these findings, together with the fact that Rab33B is a target of OATL1, we speculate that the LC3-positive autophagosomes in Rab33B-QL–expressing cells are not efficiently fused with lysosomes.
Discussion
Although many genes that are essential for autophagy have been identified during the past decade, little is known about the mechanism that regulates membrane trafficking in the autophagy process. In particular, involvement of a Rab-GAP in autophagy had never been reported, even though several Rab proteins have been shown to be involved in autophagy (Fukuda and Itoh, 2008). In the present study, we, for the first time, screened for Rab-GAPs associated with autophagy based on the localization of TBC proteins, and we succeeded in identifying OATL1 as a prime candidate. We also identified two additional TBC proteins, TBC1D2B and TBC1D11, which showed clear colocalization and partial colocalization, respectively, with LC3 in MEF cells (Fig. S1). These results are consistent with a study in a recent paper that some TBC proteins (TBC1D2B, TBC1D5, TBC1D11, and TBC1D15) form a complex with Atg8 homologues (Behrends et al., 2010). Although we do not know exactly why TBC1D5 and TBC1D15 did not show clear colocalization with LC3 despite having the ability to bind Atg8 homologues, cell type–specific expression of Atg8 homologues and/or of a cofactor that facilitates autophagosomal localization may be responsible for this discrepancy.
OATL1 was found to be localized at LC3-positive isolation membranes and autophagosomes (Fig. 1) and to directly interact with Atg8 homologues (Fig. 2). We found that an LRS-like sequence in OATL1 is responsible for its binding to Atg8 homologues, the same as in other Atg8 homologue–binding proteins, p62 and NBR1 (Komatsu et al., 2007; Pankiv et al., 2007; Ichimura et al., 2008; Kirkin et al., 2009). In contrast to p62 and NBR1, however, neither endogenous nor exogenous OATL1 showed any evidence of autophagic substrates (Fig. 4). Furthermore, WA and ED/AA mutations of OATL1, which abrogated the interaction between OATL1 and Atg8 homologues, completely abolished membranous localization of the mutant proteins without altering their protein expression level (Fig. 3). We therefore concluded that the LRS in OATL1 is not required for degradation of OATL1 but is required for targeting OATL1 on the organelle surface. One important remaining question is why OATL1 is not degraded during autophagy because Atg8 homologues, landmarks of OATL1, are localized at both the inner and outer surface of autophagosomes (Kabeya et al., 2004). Further extended investigations will be needed to answer this question.
Another important finding is that OATL1 inactivates Rab33B, a medial Golgi-resident Rab involved in retrograde transport (Zheng et al., 1998; Valsdottir et al., 2001; Jiang and Storrie, 2005; Starr et al., 2010), both in vitro and in cultured cells (Fig. 8). We especially noted the fact that Rab33B directly interacts with Atg16L1 (Itoh et al., 2008). The Atg12–5–16L1 complex interacts with Atg3, an E2 enzyme that catalyzes LC3 lipidation and facilitates the encounter between LC3 and PE on the membrane, like an E3 enzyme in the ubiquitin conjugation system (Hanada et al., 2007; Fujita et al., 2008a). Overexpression of Rab33B had been found to induce excess lipidation of LC3, suggesting that Rab33B accelerates the E3 activity of the Atg12–5–16L1 complex (Itoh et al., 2008), but the physiological significance of LC3 lipidation by Rab33B had remained unclear. Because the results of the present study indicated that these four factors, i.e., Rab33B, the Atg12–5–16L1 complex, Atg8 homologues, and OATL1, physically and/or enzymatically interact, it is tempting to speculate that they form a feedback loop in which (a) activated Rab33B recruits the Atg12–5–16L1 complex near the membrane through direct interaction with Atg16L1, (b) Atg8 homologues are conjugated with PE by an E3 activity of Atg12–5–16L1, (c) OATL1 recognizes the Atg8 homologues anchored with the membrane near Rab33B, and (d) OATL1 inactivates Rab33B through its GAP activity (Fig. S5 F).
The aforementioned molecular mechanism is inferred to be involved in autophagosomal maturation because overexpression of either OATL1 or Rab33B induced a delay in autophagosomal maturation (Fig. 5 and Fig. 9). Overexpression of OATL1 inhibited the process before the encounter between autophagosomes and lysosomes (Fig. 6), whereas overexpression of Rab33B or Rab33B-QL, a GTPase-deficient mutant of Rab33B, appears to have inhibited the fusion between autophagosomes and lysosomes (Fig. 9). These data suggest a model in which Rab33B plays a role in the tethering/docking step and/or fusion step between autophagosomes and lysosomes. Therefore, inactivation of Rab33B by OATL1 overexpression reduces encounters between autophagosomes and lysosomes, whereas expression of the active form–fixed Rab33B reduces the rate of fusion between autophagosomes and lysosomes.
However, inconsistent with this model, knockdown of OATL1 (or its substrate Rab33B) did not cause any significant phenotype in terms of autophagy (Fig. S5, A–E). The following four possibilities could explain the lack of a knockdown effect on autophagy. (1) The first possibility is a technical problem. Almost complete knockdown has been shown to be required for inhibition of autophagy by RNA interference of ATG genes (Hosokawa et al., 2006; Yoshimura et al., 2006), and thus, the down-regulation of OATL1 (or Rab33B) in our study may not have been sufficient to induce obvious phenotypes. (2) The second possibility is the existence of redundant pathways. It has previously been shown that impairment of Rab7 function induces autolysosome accumulation (Gutierretz et al., 2004; Jäger et al., 2004; Kimura et al., 2007). Because OATL1 was unable to accelerate the GTPase activity of Rab7 (Fig. 8 A), MEF cells are likely to possess two independent pathways for autophagosomal maturation, a Rab33B–OATL1 pathway and a Rab7 pathway. If the Rab7 pathway were dominant in MEF cells, knockdown of OATL1 or Rab33B might not result in any clear phenotype. (3) The third possibility is that the Rab33B–OATL1 pathway is essential for autophagy in specific types of cells but not for starvation-induced autophagy. Because the cytoplasmic components should be quickly degraded under starved conditions, regulation of fusion between autophagosomes and lysosomes may be less important in canonical autophagy. In contrast, in antigen-presenting cells (e.g., dendritic cells), for example, autophagosomes fuse with the major histocompatibility complex class II compartment, a kind of lysosome-related organelle (Schmid et al., 2007). In this particular case, there may be a distinct regulatory mechanism of autophagosomal maturation, and the Rab33B–OATL1 pathway may be involved in this mechanism. (4) The forth possibility is that the function of the Rab33B–OATL1 pathway is involved in classical membrane trafficking. Actually, GABARAP was originally identified as a binding protein of GABAA receptors (Wang et al., 1999), and a recent study has shown that GABARAP is required for ER-Golgi transport of cadherin (Nakamura et al., 2008). GATE-16 was first identified as a positive regulator of intra-Golgi transport (Legesse-Miller et al., 2000) and reported to interact with NSF and GOS-28 (Sagiv et al., 2000). Thus, the Atg8 homologues are also likely to be involved in classical membrane trafficking (e.g., ER-Golgi transport). Because Rab33B has been suggested to be involved in retrograde transport from the Golgi (Zheng et al., 1998; Valsdottir et al., 2001; Jiang and Storrie, 2005; Starr et al., 2010), the pivotal function of the Rab33B–OATL1 pathway may be in regulation of the classical membrane trafficking pathway. Further extensive research will be necessary to investigate all of these possibilities and determine the exact function of the Rab33B–OATL1 pathway.
In summary, we have identified OATL1, a previously uncharacterized Rab-GAP, as a novel Atg8 homologue–binding protein and discovered that OATL1 inactivates Rab33B, an Atg16L1-binding protein. We have also demonstrated that overexpression of OATL1 or Rab33B delays the maturation of autophagosomes by modulating the fusion between autophagosomes and lysosomes. We suggest that OATL1 is recruited to autophagosomes through direct interaction with Atg8 homologues and then inactivates Rab33B. Although the significance of the Rab33B–OATL1 pathway remains to be fully elucidated, based on the results of the present study, we propose a novel concept of the function of Atg8 homologues, i.e., as a scaffold for signaling molecules that regulates autophagosomal maturation.
Materials and methods
Materials
Anti-OATL1 and anti-Atg16L1 rabbit polyclonal antibodies were produced by using GST–OATL1-N and GST–Atg16L1-M (middle region of Atg16L1), respectively, as an antigen, and they were affinity purified as described previously (Fukuda and Mikoshiba, 1999). The anti-OATL1 antibody used in this study recognizes endogenous OATL1 when used for immunoblotting (Fig. 4 A), but it was incapable of doing so in an immunofluorescence analysis. Anti-LC3 rabbit polyclonal antibody was prepared as described previously (Itoh et al., 2008). HRP-conjugated anti-FLAG tag (M2) mouse monoclonal antibody was obtained from Sigma-Aldrich. HRP-conjugated anti-T7 tag mouse monoclonal antibody and anti-T7 tag antibody-conjugated agarose were purchased from Merck Biosciences Novagen. Alexa Fluor 488–, Alexa Fluor 594–, and Alexa Fluor 633–conjugated secondary antibodies were obtained from Invitrogen. Anti-GM130 mouse monoclonal antibody (BD), antiactin goat polyclonal antibody (Santa Cruz Biotechnology, Inc.), anti-Atg12 (or Apg12) rabbit polyclonal antibody (Invitrogen), anti-p62 rabbit polyclonal antibody (Enzo Life Sciences, Inc.), and anti–Lamp-1 rat monoclonal antibody (1D4b; BD) were obtained commercially. α-[32P]GTP and glutathione–Sepharose 4B were purchased from GE Healthcare. GTP-γS and GDP were obtained from Roche. E64-d and pepstatin A were purchased from Peptide Laboratory. Bafilomycin A1 and wortmannin were purchased from EMD and Merck KGaA, respectively.
Plasmid construction
The cDNA encoding the human OATL1 was cloned, and the OATL1-RK mutant cDNA was constructed as described previously (Itoh et al., 2006). pEF-T7-GST-OATL1, pEF-T7-OATL1, and pEGFP-C1-OATL1 were prepared as described previously (Itoh and Fukuda, 2006; Itoh et al., 2006). pEF-T7-GST-Atg16L1, pEF-FLAG-Rab33B, pMRX-puro-FLAG-Rab33B, and pMRX-puro-FLAG-Rab33B-QL were also prepared as described previously (Itoh et al., 2008). The cDNAs and plasmids of the other TBC proteins have been previously described elsewhere (Itoh et al., 2006; Ishibashi et al., 2009). The cDNA encoding the mouse LC3-β, GABARAP, or GATE-16 was cloned from mouse brain cDNAs by using conventional PCR techniques and the following pairs of oligonucleotides with a BamHI or BglII linker (underlined) or a stop codon (boldface): 5′-GGATCCATGCCGTCCGAGAAGACCTT-3′ and 5′-TTACACAGCCATTGCTGTCC-3′ for LC3-β, 5′-GGATCCATGAAGTTCGTGTACAAA-3′ and 5′-TCACAGACCATAGACGCT-3′ for GABARAP, and 5′-AGATCTATGAAGTGGATGTTTAAG-3′ and 5′-TCAGAAGCCAAAAGTGTT-3′ for GATE-16. To obtain a mutant cDNA fragment encoding OATL1-WA and a mutant cDNA containing OATL1-ED/AA, KOD plus ver. 2 and the pEGFP-C1-OATL1 plasmid were used as the polymerase for PCR (Toyobo Co., Ltd.) and as the template, respectively. The following primers were used for amplification: 5′-CATTGCTAGAAGACGCGGACATAATCAGCC-3′ and 5′-GGCTGATTATGTCCGCGTCTTCTAGCAATG-3′ for OATL1-W136A (OATL1-WA) and 5′-AGCCCATTGCTAGCAGCCTGGGACATAATC-3′ and 5′-GATTATGTCCCAGGCTGCTAGCAATGGGCT-3′ for OATL1-E134A/D135A (OATL1-ED/AA). The linear DNA fragments obtained were circularized with an In-Fusion recombination enzyme (BD). Deletion mutants of OATL1 (see Fig. S3 A for details) were similarly constructed by using conventional PCR techniques and the following pairs of oligonucleotides with a BglII linker (underlined) or a stop codon (boldface): 5′-AGATCTATGGCAACAGCCTCCGGG-3′ and 5′-TCAATGATAGATCCGCAGGCG-3′ for OATL1-N, OATL1-N-WA, or OATL1-N-ED/AA; 5′-AGATCTATAATCAGCCCCAAAGAT-3′ and 5′-TCACCTCCTGGAGCCCATGTT-3′ for OATL1-TBC; and 5′-AGATCTGGTGGCCACAGGGGGTGG-3′ and 5′-TCAAGATGCGGCTGTGGC-3′ for OATL1-C. These mutant OATL1 cDNA fragments of OATL1 were transferred to the pEF-T7 tag mammalian expression vector (modified from pEF-BOS; Fukuda et al., 1994, 1999), pEGFP-C1 vector, pGBD-C1 vector (James et al., 1996), pGAD-C1 vector (James et al., 1996), pGEX-4T3 vector (GE Healthcare), pMRX-IRES-puro-EGFP vector, or pMRX-IRES-puro-T7 vector by standard techniques. pMRX-IRES-puro/bsr-EGFP/T7/FLAG vectors are variants of pMRX-IRES-puro/bsr (donated by S. Yamaoka, Tokyo Medical and Dental University, Tokyo, Japan; Saitoh et al., 2003). We used DNA sequencing to confirm that no unexpected mutations had occurred in the open reading frame of these cDNAs.
Y2H assay
Y2H assays were performed by using the strain (pJ69-4A), vectors (pGBD-C1 and pGAD-C1), and the selection medium (synthetic complete medium lacking adenine, histidine, leucine, and tryptophan) as described previously (James et al., 1996).
Cell culture, transfection, and infection
Wild-type and Atg5-KO MEF cells were a gift from N. Mizushima (Tokyo Medical and Dental University, Tokyo, Japan). NIH3T3 cells stably expressing the Atg4B-CA mutant and control NIH3T3 cells were a gift from T. Yoshimori (Osaka University, Osaka, Japan). Plat-E cells were donated by T. Kitamura (University of Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan). COS-7, NIH3T3, and MEF cells were maintained in DME (Sigma-Aldrich or Wako Chemicals USA, Inc.) containing 10% fetal bovine serum and antibiotics under 5% CO2 at 37°C. Starved conditions were achieved by washing the cells once with HBSS (Sigma-Aldrich) and transferring them to HBSS for 1.5 h. Replenished conditions were achieved by additional incubation in DME containing serum for 1 h after starvation. Transfection of plasmids into COS-7 cells (for immunoprecipitation) and NIH3T3 and MEF cells (for immunofluorescence) was performed by using Lipofectamine Plus and Lipofectamine 2000 (Invitrogen), respectively, each according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Plat-E cell culture and retrovirus infection were performed essentially as described previously (Morita et al., 2000). Lysosomal proteases were inhibited by exposing cells to 100 nM E64-d and 100 µg/ml pepstatin A for 24 h.
Immunofluorescence and image analyses
Immunostaining was performed essentially as described previously (Itoh and Fukuda, 2006). In brief, cultured cells were fixed with 4% paraformaldehyde or ice-cold methanol and stained with specific antibodies. The stained cells were examined for fluorescence with a confocal fluorescence microscope (IX81 and Fluoview 1000; Olympus) through an objective lens (100× magnification, NA 1.45; Olympus) and with Fluoview software (version 2.1c; Olympus). Live-cell images were acquired at room temperature briefly. The images acquired were processed with GNU image manipulation program software (version 2.2 and 2.6). For quantitative analysis, images of the cells were captured at random with the confocal microscope, and the number of the fluorescent dots (e.g., LC3 dots and Atg16L1 dots) was counted with MetaMorph software (version 6.3r3; MDS Analytical Technologies) and ImageJ software (version 1.43u; National Institutes of Health).
GAP assay
GTP-Rab33B pull-down assay was performed by using T7–GST-Atg16L1 as a trapper of active Rab33B (Itoh and Fukuda, 2006). Bacterially produced Rab proteins and T7–GST-OATL1 protein produced by COS-7 cells were purified (Fukuda and Kanno, 2005) and used for the in vitro GAP assay as described previously (Itoh et al., 2006). To elucidate the Rab-GAP specificity of OATL1, an in vitro GAP assay was performed using 0.5 pmol OATL1 protein. Because the intrinsic GTPase activity of the Rab family members differs, the reaction time was varied according to the Rab isoform tested (Rab1A for 40 min, Rab2A for 40 min, Rab3A for 20 min, Rab4A for 20 min, Rab5A for 20 min, Rab7 for 40 min, Rab9A for 20 min, Rab11A for 40 min, Rab24 for 40 min, Rab27A for 40 min, and Rab33B for 40 min).
RNA interference
Double-strand RNAs were purchased from Eurogentec. The siRNA target sequence in OATL1 is 5′-GGAGCCTTCACTTCGTTTT-3′. For Rab33B knockdown, we used stealth RNA against mouse Rab33B purchased from Invitrogen (Rab33b-MSS208364 and Rab33b-MSS208365). Transfection of siRNA was performed by using RNAiMAX (Invitrogen) according to the manufacturer’s instructions.
EM analysis
Cells expressing each GFP fusion protein were fixed with 4% paraformaldehyde and 0.1% glutaraldehyde in phosphate buffer, pH 7.4, and ultrathin cryosections were examined by immuno-EM. The procedures used for cell freezing, sectioning, and the immunoreactions have been described previously (Waguri and Komatsu, 2009). Rabbit polyclonal antibody against GFP (ab6556; Abcam) was used as the first antibody. The sections were viewed with an electron microscope (JEM1200; JEOL).
Online supplemental material
Fig. S1 shows a summary of the Rab-GAP screening. Fig. S2 shows a sequence alignment and phylogenic tree of animal and yeast Atg8 homologues. Fig. S3 shows the localization of truncated OATL1 mutant proteins. Fig. S4 shows the localization of OATL1-RK mutant proteins and their binding ability with LC3. Fig. S5 shows the results of OATL1 knockdown and Rab33B knockdown experiments and a schematic model of the inactivation of Rab33B by OATL1.
Acknowledgments
We thank Dr. Noboru Mizushima for donating wild-type and Atg5-KO MEF cells, Dr. Toshio Kitamura for donating Plat-E cells and retroviral vectors, Dr. Shoji Yamaoka for pMRX-IRES-puro/bsr vectors, Dr. Tamotsu Yoshimori for NIH3T3 cells stably expressing Atg4B-CA mutant and control cells, Atsuko Yabashi and Katsuyuki Kanno for help in EM, and Dr. Shunsuke Kimura, Dr. Naonobu Fujita, and members of the Fukuda Laboratory for valuable discussions.
This work was supported in part by Grants-in-Aid for Scientific Research from the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, and Technology (MEXT) of Japan (to M. Fukuda and T. Itoh), by a grant from the Global Center of Excellence Program (Basic and Translational Research Center for Global Brain Science) of the MEXT of Japan (to M. Fukuda), and by a grant from the Uehara Memorial Foundation (to T. Itoh).Yahoo, Fortnite exit China as tech crackdown bites imposition of strict curbs on the world's biggest gaming market.
Beijing has embarked on a wide-ranging regulatory clampdown on a number of industries in a drive to tighten its control of the economy, with tech firms taking the brunt.
The push has seen a number of US-based companies withdraw major products from China in recent weeks, with Microsoft in October announcing the closure of its career-oriented social network LinkedIn.
"In recognition of the increasingly challenging business and legal environment in China, Yahoo's suite of services will no longer be accessible from mainland China as of November 1," Yahoo said in a statement emailed to AFP.
"Yahoo remains committed to the rights of our users and a free and open internet. We thank our users for their support." warning that a censored search engine would set a "dangerous precedent".
Yahoo China was launched in 1999, when the company was among the world's most important internet firms.
Its presence in the country has shrunk in recent years, with Yahoo shutting down its Chinese mail service in 2013.
Yahoo's latest statement echoes Microsoft's complaint in October that it faced an increasingly "challenging operating environment and greater compliance requirements".
- Gaming clampdown -
China's crackdown has also hit the video gaming sector, with officials in late August saying they wanted to curb addiction by announcing drastic cuts to the amount of time children can spend playing online.
On Sunday gaming giant Epic said it had pulled the plug on "Fortnite", saying it will shut down the Chinese version of the massively popular game on November 15.
The action-packed shooter and world-building game is one of the most popular in the world, boasting more than 350 million users.
"Fortnite China's Beta test has reached an end, and the servers will be closed soon," a statement from the firm said.
.
In September, scores."
bur-tjx-axn/serWe are often asked who our community are by project scientists, sociologists, and by the community itself. A recent Oxford study tried to find out, and working with them we conducted a survey of volunteers. The results were interesting and when combined with various statistics that we have at Zooniverse (web logs, analytics, etc) we can start to see a pretty good picture of who volunteers at the Zooniverse.
Much of what follows comes from a survey was conducted last Summer as part of Masters student Victoria Homsy’s thesis, though the results are broadly consistent with other surveys we have performed. We asked a small subset of the Zooniverse community to answer an online questionnaire. We contacted about 3000 people regarding the survey and around 300 responded. They were not a random sample of users, rather they were people who had logged-in to the Zooniverse at least once in the three months before we emailed them.
The remaining aspects of this post involve data gathered by our own system (classification counts, log-in rates, etc) and data from our use of Google Analytics.
So with that preamble done: let’s see who you are…
This visualisation is of Talk data from last Summer. It doesn’t cover every project (e.g. Planet Hunters is missing) but it gives you a good flavour for how our community is structured. Each node (circle) is one volunteer, sized proportionally according to how many posts they have made overall. You can see one power-mod who has commented more than 16,000 times on Talk near the centre. Volunteers are connected to others by talking in the same threads (a proxy for having conversations). They have been automatically coloured by network analysis, to reflect sub-networks within the Zooniverse as a whole. The result is that we see the different projects’ Talk sites.
There are users that rise largely out of those sub-communities and talk across many sites, but mostly people stick to one group. You can also see how relatively few power users help glue the whole together, and how there are individuals talking to large numbers of others, who in turn may not participate much otherwise – these are likely examples of experienced users answering questions from others.
One thing we can’t tell from our own metrics is a person’s gender, but we did ask in the survey. The Zooniverse community seems to be in a 60/40 split, which in some ways is not as bad as I would have thought. However, we can do better, and this provides a metric to measure ourselves against in the future.
It is also interesting to note that there is very little skew in the ages of our volunteers. There is a slight tilt away from older people, but overall the community appears to be made up of people of all ages. This reflects the experience of chatting to people on Talk.
We know that the Zooniverse is English-language dominated, and specifically UK/US dominated. This is always where we have found the best press coverage, and where we have the most links ourselves. The breakdown between US/UK/the rest is basically a three-way split. This split is seen not just in this survey but also generally in our analytics overall.
Only 2% of the users responding to our survey only came from the developing world. As you can see in a recent blog post, we do get visitors from all over the world. It may be that the survey has the effect of filtering out these people (it was conducted via an online form), or maybe that there is language barrier.
We also asked people about their employment status. We find a about half of our community is employed (either full- or part-time). Looking at the age distribution, we might expect up a fifth or sixth of people to be retired (15% is fairly close). This leaves us with about 10% unemployed, nearly twice the UK or US unemployment rate, and about 4% unable to work due to disability (about the UK averaged, by comparison). This is interesting, especially in relation to the next question, on motivation for participating.
We also asked them to tell us what they do and the result is the above word cloud (thanks, Wordle!) which shows a wonderful array of occupations including professor, admin, guard, and dogsbody. You should note a high instance of technical jobs on this list, possibly indicating that people need to have, or be near, a computer to work on Zooniverse projects in their daily life.. It’s nice to see this result reproducing an important part of the Raddick et. al. 2009 study, which first demonstrated it.
It is roughly what I would have expected to see that people tend to classify mostly in their spare time, and that most don’t have dedicated ‘Zooniverse’ time every day. It’s more interesting to see why, if they tend to stop and start, i.e. if they answered in the purple category above. Here is a word cloud showing the reason people stop participating in Zooniverse. TL;DR they have the rest of their life to get on with.
We’ll obviously have to fix this by making Zooniverse their whole life!
This is my final blog post as a part of the Zooniverse team. It has been by pleasure to work at the Zooniverse for the last five years. Much of that time has been spent trying to motivate and engage the amazing community of volunteers who come to click, chat, and work on all our projects. You’re an incredible bunch, motivated by science and a desire to be part of something important and worthwhile online. I think you’re awesome. In the last five years I have seen the Zooniverse grow into a community of more than one million online volunteers, willing to tackle big questions, and trying and understand the world around us.
Thank you for your enthusiasm and your time. I’ll see you online…
7 thoughts on “Who Are The Zooniverse Community? We Asked Them…”
300 is likely too small a sample to split by project, but could you look at project group (i.e. astro, bio, climate, humanities, etc) to analyze gender, age, etc.? I’m willing to bet that Snapshot Serengeti leans quite a bit more female and older than the astro projects.
Oh, also. Interesting that people don’t believe you when you say volunteers are motivated by “contribution”. I couldn’t go to the Citizen Science Association meeting a couple weeks ago, but I followed it on Twitter. And over and over again speakers mentioned that their volunteers were motivated by wanting to contribute to science. So hopefully this will become common knowledge in the near future.
I too found this most interesting (both the fact that ‘contribution’ is such a strong motivator, and that it’s widely disbelieved). At some meta-level, it seems almost a contradiction: general bemoaning of the poor level of ‘science-literacy’ while also denying that ordinary people *want* to do science!
All the best of luck (but I’ll miss you)
Best wishes for the future Rob; much appreciate your efforts over the years.
Very interesting results, thanks for posting them! Good luck Rob, wherever the road you’re on takes you (and yes, thanks for all the fish!).
Will Victoria Homsy’s Master’s thesis be published (or extracts from it)? I’m sure many a zooite would find it fascinating reading.Amid ratings trouble at the “Lean Forward” network, MSNBC is reportedly set to cancel “The Reid Report,” hosted by Joy Reid, in the near future. The change was first reported by Mediaite.
According to the report, Reid was informed Thursday of the change. It is unknown when the show will be departing the airwaves, nor what will be taking it’s place during the 2 p.m. slot.
News of the change is not pleasing everyone at the network though. According to the a Mediaite source, Reid losing her show is “a slap in the face of a woman of color,” a direct shot at Ronan Farrow, who has raked in even fewer viewers than Reid. Farrow recently pulled in only 11k viewers in the 25-54 demographic, it’s lowest output for the hour, while being beaten by the likes of Fox News, CNN, CNBC, HLN, and even Al Jazeera.
The news comes not long after a report emerged that the network was ready to shake up their lineup, saying that “everything is on the table” with the likes of Farrow, Reid, and possibly even Chris Hayes being cancelled or reshuffled.ToS;
DR
About
About
KProfiles
Add Comment
Privacy Policy (GDPR Compliant) Data Usage and Protection 1. Introduction <p>KProfiles provides a web space where fans of Korean singers and artists can find information on Korean stars, share impressions and join conversations, both in posts, as well as in private messages and visitor messages. At KProfiles, the privacy and security of our members and visitors are of paramount importance. KProfiles is committed to protecting the data you share with us.</p> <p>This privacy policy explains how KProfiles processes information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify an individual (“Personal Data”) collected through the use of its website and platform. For the purposes of this policy, KProfiles defines the term “User” as an entity with which KProfiles has an established relationship, and the term “Visitor” as an individual that visits our front-end website (for example).</p> <p>Any information stored on KProfiles’s platform is treated as confidential. All information is stored securely and is accessed by authorized personnel only. KProfiles implements and maintains appropriate technical, security and organizational measures to protect Personal Data against unauthorized or unlawful processing and use, and against accidental loss, destruction, damage, theft or disclosure.</p> 2. Collection and Use <p> <strong>2.1 .General</strong> <br> The following sections cover the specifics of each of the two groups from which data is collected: website Visitors and Users.</p> <p> <strong>2.2 Website Visitors</strong> <br> If you are a Visitor to our website only, and not a User of our platform, then this section is relevant for you.</p> <p>By visiting this website, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Data as described herein. If you do not agree with the terms set out herein, then please do not visit this website.<br> KProfiles may collect, record and analyze information of Visitors to its website. We may record your IP address and use cookies. KProfiles may collect information in terms of pageview activity.<br> KProfiles gathers data about visits to the website, including numbers of Visitors and visits, geo-location data, length of time spent on the website, pages clicked on, or which page Visitors have come from.</p> <p> <strong>2.2.1 Purpose of processing personal data</strong> <br> KProfiles uses the collected data to improve its website by analyzing how Visitors navigate its website.</p> <p> <strong>2.2.2 Sharing personal data</strong> <br> KProfiles may also share such information with service vendors or contractors in order to provide a requested service or in order to analyze the Visitor behavior on its website.</p> <p> <strong>2.2.3 Cookies</strong> <br>.</p> <p> <strong>2.2.4 Links to other sites</strong> <br> Please be aware that while visiting our website, Visitors can follow links to other websites that are beyond our control or sphere of influence. KProfiles is not responsible for the content or privacy policy of these other websites.</p> <p> <strong>2.3 Users</strong> <br> <strong>2.3.1. General</strong> <br>.</p> <p> <strong>2.3.2 Collection of User data</strong> <br> During a User’s registration and later on KProfiles’s platform, they provide information such as email address, username (which may not be related to your real name), location (it may be fictive and does not have any relation to your real, physical location) and other optional data related to the User’s personal preferences. This information is used by KProfiles to identify the User and provide them with support, services, subscriptions, mailings.</p> <p.</p> <p> <strong>2.3.3.1 Processing in the European Economic Area (EEA)</strong> <br> For Users with accounts located in KProf KProfiles’s processing will take place in accordance with the GDPR.</p> <p> <strong>2.3.3.1.1 Controller</strong> <br> KProfiles processes Personal Data both as a Processor and as a Controller, as defined in the Directive and the GDPR:</p> <p 25 May 2018. KProfiles’s contract with its hosting provider ensures that all hosting is performed in accordance with the highest security regulations.</p> <p> <strong>2.3.3.2 Processing in the United States Of America (US)</strong> <br>.</p> <p> <strong>2.3.3.3 Processing in other regions</strong> <br>.</p> 3. Retention and Deletion <p>KProfiles will not retain data longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations. For Users’ data, KProfiles staff will therefore have the responsibility to delete data when required. When a user’s account is terminated or expired, all Personal Data collected through the platform will be deleted, as required by applicable law.</p> 4. Acceptance of these Conditions <p>We assume that all Visitors of our website and users of KProfiles’s platform have carefully read this document and agree to its contents. If someone does not agree with this privacy policy, then.</p> 5. Our Legal Obligation to Disclose Personal Information <p>We are permitted to disclose personal information when we have good reason to believe that this is legally required in case the user’s activity has harmed KProfiles or other persons.</p> 6. KProfiles’s Data Protection Officer <p>KProfiles has a “Data Protection Officer” who is responsible for matters relating to privacy and data protection. This Data Protection Officer can be reached at the following address: profileskpop@gmail.com</p> 7. Further Information <p>If you have any further questions regarding the data KProfiles collects, or how we use it, then please feel free to contact us by email at: profileskpop@gmail.com</p> In Spotlight Kpop Polls Poll: Who owned SEVENTEEN’s Home era? Kpop Polls Poll: Who owned DKB’s Work Hard era? Kpop - Who Wore it Better? Who wore it better? SHINee’s Key vs f(x)’ s Krystal Kpop Polls Poll: Who owned Red Velvet’s Psycho era? Kpop Polls Kpop group of the Week (4th Week of August 2020) Kpop Polls Poll: Who owned CIGNATURE’s Nun Nu Nan Na era? Kpop Polls Who rocks rainbow hair? (Kpop female edition) Kpop Polls Poll: Which Songs Released in July 2020 were your Favorites? Kpop Polls Kpop Valentine’s Special: Who is your Valentine? Kpop Polls What is your favorite Girls’ Generation (SNSD) title-track? Kpop Specials <p>Kpop Girl Group Profiles<br> Kpop Boy Group Profiles<br> Disbanded Kpop Girl Groups<br> Disbanded Kpop Boy Groups<br> Kpop Polls<br> Kpop Quizzes <br> Kpop – Who wore it better? <br> Kpop Ships <br> Kpop Facts<br> Kpop Discographies<br> Kpop Albums Info<br> Who is Who: Kpop Girl Groups<br> Suggestions</p>
On 2021-03-23 12:36:01 UTC, Agnes de Lion
Staff
wrote:
Document has been crawled
Old length:
0 CRC 0
New length:
10999 CRC 2750347844I did Isoflex with Colleen for 15 years until they relocated to New Zealand in May 2019.
Colleen is an excellent trainer as well as motivator. She always inspired me to put in extra effort which left me feeling good about myself.
Her instructions were very clear and easy to follow.
Isoflex kept me in shape physically and I enjoyed having greater flexibility which was an enormous benefit when one starts to age. My favourite part of the class was the relaxation part in the end when one got the rare opportunity to relax completely and savour the present moment.
Colleen’s programmes amazed me as she always managed to keep us fully engaged with great anticipation for what was coming next. I never got bored, as she created 2 new programmes every week. Colleen’s absence in South Africa is sorely missed.U.S. Representatives Kurt Schrader (OR-05) and Scott Peters (CA-52) introduced the Reduced Costs and Continued Cures Act (RCCCA) today to lower patients’ prescription drug costs and protect our nation’s ability to find cures. The plan is the first-ever to cap out-of-pocket costs for seniors, address loopholes in the health care system and provide the most generous benefits to the poorest Americans.
“The costs of lifesaving prescription drugs in this country have unsustainably skyrocketed, leaving seniors in Oregon’s Fifth Congressional District and across the country struggling to pay the price and meet their health needs. Addressing this pressing issue has been a top priority of mine in Congress, and the Reduced Costs and Continued Cures Act that I am championing with Congressman Peters will make significant strides in driving down drug prices,” Rep. Schrader said. “The broadly supported policies in this legislation include capping seniors’ yearly out-of-pocket costs, opening up opportunities for Medicare to negotiate prices for the most expensive drugs on the market, limiting price increases on drugs that have been on the market for years to the price of inflation, and closing loopholes in the healthcare system that are allowing anti-competitive practices stifle low-cost, generic competition. By addressing these issues and more, our Reduced Costs and Continued Cures Act opens a possible bipartisan, bicameral pathway in Congress to immediately begin reducing drug prices to protect the most vulnerable Americans.”
“Nobody should have to choose between putting food on the table and filling a prescription. Our plan will drastically lower out-of-pocket drug costs for consumers, as Democrats have promised, while we preserve American jobs and investment in future innovation,” said Rep. Peters. “The Reduced Costs and Continued Cures Act eliminates loopholes, promotes competition, and fights the exploitation of patients by placing fair checks on insurers, manufacturers and drug companies. I look forward to working with Congressman Schrader, our cosponsors, and others to make this happen.”
Reps. Kathleen Rice (NY-04), Stephanie Murphy (FL-07) and Lou Correa (CA-46) are also original cosponsors of the plan.
Dozens of patient-based organizations, including the Dementia Alliance International (DIA), Chronic Care Policy Alliance, Parkinson & Movement Disorder Alliance, and United Cerebral Palsy National, have voiced strong support for a drug pricing plan that ensures American medical science can continue to quickly develop new cures and treatments for some of the toughest and rarest chronic diseases, like cancer, diabetes, cystic fibrosis, Alzheimer’s, and Parkinson’s. The Peters, Schrader RCCCA plan meets this requisite, lowering drug costs while preserving America’s unparalleled medical science ecosystem.
“The Alliance for Aging Research supports provisions in the Reduced Costs and Continued Cures Act that promote affordability and lower Medicare beneficiaries’ out-of-pocket (OOP) costs, without restricting access to care that patients need now or in the future. This bill shifts the dynamic away from aggressive cost-sharing tactics by payers and puts the emphasis where it should be—on cutting prescription drug costs for patients at the point-of-sale. It includes the lowest OOP cap in Medicare Part D of any current proposal; an option for beneficiaries to evenly smooth out costs over a plan year; MedPAC-recommend changes to restructure the Part D benefit; and would pass through rebate savings to patients by basing cost-sharing on post-rebate drug prices rather than list prices,” said Sue Peschin, President and CEO of the Alliance for the Aging Research. “While we do not support the mechanism used to set prices for some drugs in the bill, we are pleased that it does not rely on methodology repeatedly shown to discriminate against people with disabilities and older adults, which more than 130 organizations have called on Congress to reject. We look forward to working with the bill’s sponsors to address our concerns and advance a compromise over the finish line.”
“HIV+Hepatitis Policy Institute appreciates the effort to advance an alternative pricing proposal that will not impede investment in innovative drugs and cures. While there are several elements that we do not support, including its Medicare drug negotiation proposal, it contains several provisions that matter most to patients-how much they actually pay for their drugs at the pharmacy counter. Placing a first ever out-of-pocket annual limit for Medicare Part D beneficiaries will greatly help millions of patients who rely on high-cost drugs. It also begins to shed a light on the significant role PBMs and rebates play in determining the price of drugs. We look forward to ongoing discussions with the Congress as they seek to help patients afford their prescription drugs while maintaining aggressive drug discovery,” said Carl Schmid, Executive Director of the HIV+Hepatitis Policy Institute.
The Reduced Costs and Continued Cures Act:
· Provides a yearly out-of-pocket cap in Medicare for the expense of prescription drugs for those who need assistance most:
o $1200 annual out-of-pocket cap for those at 300 percent or less of the Federal Poverty Level;
o $1800 annual out-of-pocket cap for those at 300 to 400 percent of the Federal Poverty Level; and
o $3100 annual out-of-pocket cap for those at above 400 percent of the Federal Poverty Level.
· Includes a smoothing mechanism that minimizes the impact of prescription drug costs on seniors with fixed incomes by ensuring those with expensive annual drug costs can pay their out-of-pocket expenses throughout the calendar year via monthly installments instead of all at once.
· Establishes a $50 per month out-of-pocket maximum for insulin.
· Bases beneficiary cost-sharing at the pharmacy counter on the post-rebate price of a drug rather than the original list price to further reduce the cost burden on patients.
· Allows Medicare to negotiate drug prices in Part B for products that no longer have exclusivity and for which there is no competition on the market.
o The Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) can enter negotiations with manufacturers of these products that we have seen to be extraordinarily expensive over the last decade to secure price concessions of between 25 and 35 percent.
· Requires greater transparency and increases insurer responsibility for the high cost of drugs.
· Promotes more low-cost options for patients by bolstering competition in the marketplace.
· Prevents drug companies from gaming the system by curbing anti-competitive practices and closing loopholes.
Bill text is available HERE. A one-pager is available HERE.
###Property Attributes
- MLS#2415931
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyWAKE
- CityRaleigh
- AreaWake
- NeighborhoodSouthgate
- Zip27601
- StyleContemporary
- Price$ 300,000
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1656
- Lot Size11,761 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
United Real Estate Triangle
Data Source:
Triangle MLS (TMLS) - 31 - NC
Property Description
Beautifully updated split-level home in Southeast Raleigh! Luxurious master bed/bath suite features palatial granite shower, while the well-appointed kitchen sports granite counters, stainless steel appliances and lots of counter space! Owner completely renovated this home with fresh paint, updated flooring throughout, a new HVAC and new Erie metal roof for immediate livability and convenience. A rare opportunity to own an updated property with incredible appreciation potential close to everything in DTR!
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolAttention!
Our Service: We pay the VAT and pay or refund any applicable customs charges on your order.
So you can be sure there’ll be no unwelcome surprises. Simply place your order and enjoy!
Yamaha XJR 1200 - Special Custom Bike.
Yamaha XJR 1200
A Yamaha XJR 1200 in original condition..
/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/68530935/GcorMWw.0.png)
This article was originally published in The Notebook. In August 2020, The Notebook became Chalkbeat Philadelphia.
Mayor Kenney appointed Christopher McGinley, an associate professor in education at Temple University, to the School Reform Commission in January to replace Sylvia Simms, whose term had expired.
“His educator lens is exactly what the SRC needs in order to build on the District’s gains in recent years,” said Kenney in a statement.
“Dr. McGinley’s passion for public education and reducing the achievement gap, coupled with his background as an administrator for various school districts, will also help the District prepare for a smooth transition to greater local control,” the mayor said.
McGinley is the coordinator for the Educational Leadership Program at the Temple University College of Education. His career in education began in the School District of Philadelphia, where he worked as a special education teacher in middle schools and high schools. He also served as the principal of Adaire Elementary and later Austin Meehan Middle School.
In 1999, McGinley left Philadelphia to take a position as the assistant superintendent in the Cheltenham Township district, where he was promoted to superintendent in 2003.
He said his first priority as a commissioner is to get "up to speed" on all the issues facing the District, while considering the future of District governance.
"I think a return to local control is the right direction to take, but it is also something that needs to be done carefully and thoughtfully over time," he said. "The concept is appealing to almost everyone; the question is how do you design a local control situation so it capitalizes on assets of the School District and builds on the relationship and dependency the District has on the city and state?”
McGinley said he is leaning toward some combination of elected and appointed board members, noting that elections can "capitalize on the energy and interest local community members have on the schools," including parents, and become a "launching ground" for a new generation of leadership.
His appointment brings the number of SRC members to four. Estelle Richman was nominated by Gov. Wolf in October, but she awaits Senate confirmation.It has been a busy summer but one that included a week at a small lake north of Grand Rapids. It is a very pretty lake surrounded by the Pere Marquette forest, home to lots of wildlife. I was always the first one up and while having coffee was delighted to see two cute twin fawns. They came by the cottage several times. No one else in the family ever saw them. Oh well, they should have gotten up early too. Loons and herons came around the dock everyday and a black squirrel showed up on the deck several times.
It was a fun family getaway with lots of good grilled food and one night homemade personal pan pizzas were on the menu.
On a day trip we discovered Mr. Pibs Restaurant, a country restaurant that has the best fried chicken. It is actually chicken cooked using a pressure fryer and is chicken at its best. Mr. Pibs Restaurant is a family style restaurant located on the White Pine Trail in LeRoy, Michigan. It is home cooking in a down to earth family diner. This restaurant is way out in the country and the patrons are locals and farmers from the area.
Now it seems like the end of summer is here, especially with it being September. But it is not too late to have a cookout before summer’s end. Grilled beef kabobs are a family favorite. Beef kabobs consist of small pieces of meat and vegetables threaded onto skewers and grilled. I very seldom order kabobs in a restaurant because the beef is usually overcooked, dry and chewy. That is why I like grilling them myself at home.
“Kebabs are thought to have originated in Turkey and eventually spread to the Balkans and the Middle East. The name is a shortened form of the Turkish sis kebab, sis meaning skewer and kebab meaning roast meat.” Source
If you are looking for something different to grill for the upcoming Labor Day holiday, these kabobs are easy to prepare and perfect for a cookout. True shish kabobs are often made with pieces of marinated lamb but I believe that beef is the meat of choice in the USA and that is what we prefer.
Teriyaki Beef Shish Kabobs
1 lb beef tenderloin, cut into 1 inch cubes
1 cup cherry tomatoes
1 medium green pepper, cut in 1 inch pieces
1 medium red pepper, cut in 1 inch pieces
1 medium onion, cut into wedges
1 cup fresh pineapple cut in 1 inch chunks, optional
1 cup Kikkoman Teriyaki Sauce and Marinade
Cut beef into 1-inch cubes and place in a large zip-loc plastic bag. Pour 1 cup of the teriyaki marinade over the beef cubes. Press air out of the bag and close top securely. Turn bag over several times to coat all pieces of the beef. Refrigerate 2 hours, turning bag over occasionally.
When ready to cook, preheat a gas grill to medium-high.
Alternately thread beef and vegetables evenly onto 12-inch metal or bamboo skewers. Thread the pineapple chunks on a separate skewer.
Grill the kabobs and pineapple over direct medium high heat until cooked to desired doneness, 7 to 10 minutes, turning once. Serve with yellow rice if desired.
Notes:
1. If using bamboo skewers, soak the skewers in water at least 30 minutes to prevent burning on the grill.
2. Allow the kabobs to come to room temperature before grilling.: pruning burning bushes”
Memorial Day Mulch and More
WhatContinue reading “Memorial Day Mulch and More”Mabinogi World Wiki is brought to you by Coty C., 808idiotz, our other patrons, and contributors like you!!
Want to make the wiki better? Contribute towards getting larger projects done on our Patreon!
Cuilin Marketplace
From Mabinogi World Wiki
(Redirected from Cuilin Residential Town)
Description
Cuilin Residential Town, accessed via the north of Sliab Cuilin, is one of the four residential districts where people can own a house. It has seven districts, with Stump Square at its center.
To the northwest is the Sliab Cuilin Castle, home to the Sliab Cuilin Castle Dungeon and the guild that manages the residential town.
Map
Exhibition business
Messe Frankfurt
messe_frankfurt_torhaus.jpg
© Messe Frankfurt GmbH
Messe Frankfurt supports exhibitors by opening up international markets for their products. As one of the world's leading trade show organisers, the company can offer its customers a presence in more than 150 countries around the globe. Before, during and after the trade fair, Messe Frankfurt is an attentive host who takes excellent care of its exhibitors, visitors and guests – everywhere in the world. Experts around the globe make each trade fair organised by Messe Frankfurt a one-of-a-kind event. Although the organisation exemplifies internationalism, Frankfurt am Main has always been and will continue to be its home.
The company is publicly owned, with the State of Hessen holding 40 percent.According to the Glassnode data (@glassnode), the number of addresses having more than 50,000 of BTC remains unchanged despite the fact Bitcoin (BTC) has reached the psychological mark of $11,000.
It may be a signal that the local peak at $11,000 is not the highest peak to reach and bulls may keep pushing the rate higher.
After the 'revival' of the cryptocurrency market, it is worth to consider their dynamics to highlight long-term and medium-term trends. Analyzing the daily timeframe of Bitcoin, one can see that the quotes have broken not only the last downward channel of the medium-term correction, but also the resistance line of the long-term order. Updating significant fractal highs allows the market to form a new growth corridor.
The medium-term target is located at the resistance line near the $13,000 mark. The long-term scale of the movement of quotations outlines the upper boundary and the target for growth at the level of $ 14,700. The level of $ 9,745 can be considered to be a support level. The 'golden cross' on the MACD indicates the potential for further development of the trend. After reaching the target level, a rollback to the support line can be expected.
On the 4H chart, one can take a closer look at the development of the last growth wave after the breakdown of the resistance and the appearance of the 'golden cross' on the Stochastic indicator. Currently, the growth impulse has stopped its movement for the correction, which is forming in the current phase of the 'triangle'. If we assess the potential for a corrective decline, then after reaching the level of 23.6% quotes may fall to the Fibonacci levels of 38.2% ($ 10,508) and 50.0% ($ 10,227). The signal for the start and continuation of the correction is the entry of the Stochastic indicator lines into the overbought zone and the following 'black cross'.
Bitcoin is trading at $11,096 at press time.Posts5
Joined
Last visited
Everything posted by johnnutt
- you're the man
- that totally works!! I used the same color just for testing. But you're right that it only works with radio selection. I have 25 colors so either it rolls off page to the right or down. Maybe formatting them into a 5x5 grid is a bridge too far?
- Interesting, thank you. I'll give it a try
- Thanks for the reply but my colors are like "hardrock maple" or "slate gray" so they're real colors based on jpegs. I guess I need to show the jpeg color in the dropdown or listbox. Any other ideas use java etc?
Dropdown for Color Choice
johnnutt posted a question in DataPagesHello, I have a dropdown that lists color names using text like red, light blue etc. I would like to include the actual color or just show the color choices without the text. I could also just use a list box of color choices as well. Has anyone done this?If you’re seeing a “SEC_ERROR_EXPIRED_CERTIFICATE” error while browsing any website, you’re not alone! This is a common error that’s associated with a website’s Secure Socket Layer (SSL) certificate. Website owners install an SSL certificate to secure the data that transfers between a website visitor’s browser and website’s server. SSL certificates are issued for a maximum of two years, and they must be renewed before or at the time of its expiry date. If the SSL certificate is not renewed, all web browsers will display the SEC_ERROR_EXPIRED_CERTIFICATE error for that site.
A pending SSL renewal is quite a common problem for all types of organizations. More than 80 .gov websites’ SSL/TLS Certificates expired during the most recent US government shutdown. In May 2019, LinkedIn missed renewing its SSL certificate! When such negligence takes place, the website visitors see the “SEC_ERROR_EXPIRED_CERTIFICATE” error message.
If you are a website owner and your question is, “How to fix website certificate expired error,” this is the right place to be. This article will guide you in fixing the SSL certificate expired error on various browsers in detail.
Fix the “SEC_ERROR_EXPIRED_CERTIFICATE” Error in Firefox
If your browser is displaying a page with the title “Warning: Potential Security Risk Ahead,” try the following:.
- In that window, click on the Advanced button.
- Press View Certificate.
- A new window will pop up. Here, check the rows Begins on and Expires on under Period of Validity and confirm whether the certificate has expired.
If the SSL Certificate is Expired,
If you’re a website owner, you need to renew the SSL certificate as soon as possible. However, there are some things you should know before you renew the SSL certificate:
- Some certificate authorities (CAs) charge more to renew an SSL certificate than they do to buy a new one. If that is the case, you can shift to any other certificate authority anytime. It’s not necessary to buy the same SSL from the same certificate authority at the time of renewal.
- Right now, Sectigo (formerly Comodo CA) offers SSL certificates at the lowest rates — and they never exploit their loyal customers by charging higher renewal rates. On the contrary, Sectigo provides coupon codes for generous discounts when SSL certificates require renewal.
As a website visitor, you can’t do anything to renew the SSL certificate. However, you can take some steps to disable/ignore the SSL-related error on your browser so you can browse the site. Check out our website visitor’s guide to fixing the “SEC_ERROR_EXPIRED_CERTIFICATE” error in Mozilla Firefox. Note: You should do that only when you’re 100% sure that the website you are trying to visit is secure.
If the Certificate Has Not Yet Expired
If the site’s SSL certificate hasn’t expired but the site is still displaying the error message, it’s a sure indication that the issue is with the user’s browser or operating system. Please follow our step-by-step guide to Fix the security warning error in Mozilla Firefox.
How to Fix the “SEC_ERROR_EXPIRED_CERTIFICATE” error in Google Chrome
In Chrome, you can check the cause of the “SEC_ERROR_EXPIRED_CERTIFICATE” error in a slightly different way. Currently, you must be seeing the following error page:
- Click on the Not Secure symbol in the address bar.
- Click on Certificate.
- Under the General tab, you can check issuance and expiry date of the SSL certificate.
If the SSL Certificate is Expired
As a website owner, you need to renew the SSL certificate as soon as possible. Do thorough market research before renewing because sometimes the price difference is mind-blowing — in some cases, it may cost you more to renew than to buy a new SSL certificate outright! Check out Sectigo’s (formerly Comodo CA’s) latest discounted prices.
Sectigo EV SSL Certificates from $79.84/year!
Get the lowest prices on trusted SSL certificates from Sectigo.Shop for Sectigo SSL Certificates
As a website visitor, you can follow some tricks to get rid of this error message. Check out our guide on how to fix the “Your Connection is not private” error in Google Chrome.
If the SSL Certificate is Not Yet Expired
If the certificate is still valid and is not yet expired, it proves that the problem is NOT with the website’s SSL certificate – hence, the website owner doesn’t need to do anything about it. As a website visitor, there are some issues to be tackled on your browser/operating system to fix this error. Check out our step-by-step guide: How to fix ‘Your Connection is not private’ error in Google Chrome.What Is an S/MIME Certificate and How Does It Work?
1,925 thoughts on “How to Fix the “SEC_ERROR_EXPIRED_CERTIFICATE” Error in Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome”
generic cialis 5mg canada
tadalafil purchase
doxycycline canada
buy genuine viagra online uk
combivent
Index Search Villas and lofts for rent, search by region,
find during first minutes a villa for rent by city, many different
cheapest propecia uk
purchase viagra tablets
Best view i have ever seen !
Very wonderful visual appeal on this website, I’d value it 10.
Also visit my site :: A1 Keto BHB Review
viagra australia buy cheap cialis
tadalafil capsules
This post is in fact a good one it helps new the web visitors,
who are wishing for blogging.
buy cialis online australia paypal
sildenafil 20 mg online prescription
azithromycin online uk
ivermectin stromectol
60 mg tadalafil
generic viagra canada cost
I know this site offers quality depending content and extra information, is
there any other website which provides these stuff in quality?
tadalafil 80mg
generic cialis 100mg
cheap sildenafil 50mg
magnificent issues altogether, you just won a logo new reader.
What may you recommend about your post that you just made
a few days in the past? Any positive?
Also visit my page: borgata Casino online download
Thanks for your personal marvelous posting! I genuinely enjoyed
reading it, you could be a great author.I will make sure to
bookmark your blog and will come back later on. I want to encourage you continue
your great writing, have a nice evening!
Also visit my webpage there web hosting
Hi there, I desire to subscribe for this web site to obtain latest updates, therefore where can i do it please
assist.
Take a look at my web page 우리카지노
ivermectin 3mg dosage
I enjoy what you guys are usually up too. This kind of clever
work and exposure! Keep up the fantastic works guys I’ve incorporated you guys to my blogroll.
Look at my website: 우리카지노
tadalafil over the counter australia
price of propecia
What’s up to all, how is the whole thing, I think every one is
getting more from this website, and your views are
nice for new visitors.
Also visit my blog :: 우리카지노
medication lexapro 10 mg
instagram takipçi :: nigga
ivermectin 2mg
porno izle instagram porno ve hacklink hizmeti.
Appreciating the dedication you put into your site and detailed information you present.
It’s great to come across a blog every once in a while that isn’t the same outdated rehashed material.
Fantastic read! I’ve saved your site and I’m adding your RSS
feeds to my Google account.
My homepage 우리카지노
buy liquid ivermectin
cialis 20 mg cost
albuterol 0.25 mg
I was pretty pleased to discover this website. I wanted to thank you for your time for this wonderful read!!
I definitely appreciated every little bit of it and i
also have you saved as a favorite to check out new things on your web site.
Feel free to surf to my web site: sv388
I have been exploring for a little bit for any high-quality
articles or weblog posts in this kind of space . Exploring in Yahoo I eventually
stumbled upon this web site. Reading this info So i’m glad to show that I have
an incredibly good uncanny feeling I came upon exactly what I needed.
I such a lot indubitably will make certain to do not forget this web site
and provides it a look on a continuing basis.
Feel free to surf to my web-site; pgslot
That is really attention-grabbing, You’re an excessively skilled blogger.
I’ve joined your rss feed and look ahead to
searching for more of your wonderful post. Additionally, I’ve shared your web site
in my social networks
buy tadalafil 20 mg from india
A website is an essential business tool — and every business
uses its site differently. Some use it to generate instant
revenue through ecommerce sales while others use it to
generate leads, phone calls or physical location visits.
There is one thing that every business really wants to accomplish with
its website: leveraging it to generate more growth. There are several ways to improve your leads,
sales and revenue without investing in a complete redesign and rebuild.
Listed here are 10 hacks that you should think about trying
— while simple, they can potentially help your organization grow significantly.
1. Execute a conversion audit. Are you currently positive your website is made to convert
traffic? The simple truth is, plenty of web design companies
are great at creating appealing websites, but they aren’t conversion rate experts.
Having a full-blown conversion audit performed is really
begin with
My site :: עיצוב אתרים
takipçi satın al
sildenafil over the counter australia
cialis 80
online pharmacy group
furosemide 50 mg price.
brand name viagra viagra online
price of cialis pills
tadalafil daily
This is a great tip especially to those new to the blogosphere.
Short but very precise info… Thank you for sharing this one.
A must read article!
Look at my blog post that quest bars (j.mp)
Instagram hizmetlerini en uygun fiyatlar ile sitemizden alabilirsiniz.
buy cheap tadalafil online
buy cialis without cialis online/canada
buy viagra online mexico
real online pharmacy drug store news ce pharmacy technician
cialis l\’espresso cialis free trial phone number
cialis alternative cialis online
stromectol online ivermectin for humans – purchase oral ivermectin
24 hr pharmacy near me online pharmacy group
instagram
can i buy ventolin over the counter in canada
Viagra Professional 100 Mg
80 mg fluoxetine daily
viagra store
Greetings I am so thrilled I found your weblog,.
Also visit my web site: bonus code for caesars casino online
instagram takipçi satın al
cialis canada buy online
thank you a good deal this web site can be proper along with informal
my blog post; לוחות נדלן
trazodone uk buy
plaquenil price australia
ivermectin drug. – Propecia
cialis brand for sale
northwest pharmacy, canada cvs pharmacy online refill
viagra otc in canada
uk viagra viagra no prescription
pharmacy canadian superstore viagra canadian pharmacy prices
cialis with dapoxetine (generic) cialis ontario
buy viagra brand online
Steroids Canada Buy Steroids Canada – Canadian Steroids
buy liquid ivermectin
ivermectin 3 mg ivermectin lotion cost – stromectol tablets buy online
tadalafil 5mg tablets price
pharmacy online shopping prescription drugs online
buy sale viagra
Do you have any video of that? I’d like to find out
more details.
Hello, yup this piece of writing is actually good and I have learned lot of things from it concerning blogging.
thanks.
Also visit my web site; 우리카지노
I want a link too!
cialis 20mg cheap cialis
ivermectin cream cost
When someone writes an paragraph he/she keeps the image of a user in his/her brain that how a user can understand it.
Therefore that’s why this post is amazing. Thanks!
My blog post – Aundrea
generic furosemide 40 mg
Consider this the online version of the word game Boggle. Players have two to three minutes to find as many words as they can from a selection of 25 words. Whoever ends up with the most words at the end of the game wins! Be careful, though, because if you submit a word that’s not in their database, you’ll lose 10 points. We’ve already mentioned Halo on this list of the best couch co-op games and Halo: The Master Chief Collection may just be the best package on this entire list. Featuring the first four entries in the iconic franchise (the first three probably representing it at its peak) with new and updated visuals, it’s the best way to play the games of your youth with a friend without the nostalgia glasses slipping off your face. – can you buy stromectol over the counter in tijuana, mexico
Amazing! This blog looks just like my old one! It’s on a entirely different subject but
it has pretty much the same page layout and design. Outstanding choice of colors!
Have a look at my web site; 우리카지노
buy generic viagra in india
sildenafil 20 mg discount coupon
cialis 20mg price in usa
Appreciate this post. Will try it out.
My page 우리카지노
where can you buy viagra online safely
where can i buy generic viagra
I visited various websites however the audio feature for audio songs
current at this website is genuinely wonderful.
Review
hello!,I really like your writing very a lot! percentage we keep in touch extra approximately your article on AOL?
I need an expert on this area to solve my problem. May be that is you!
Having a look forward to peer you.
my blog post; 우리카지노
viagra 150 mg pills
ivermectin generic name
what is cbd vape
This is really interesting, You are a very skilled blogger.
I have joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of
your magnificent post. Also, I have shared your website in my
social networks!
Also visit my page – 우리카지노
WOW just what I was searching for. Came here by searching
for glendale homes for sale
my web blog 우리카지노
Hurrah, that’s what I was exploring for, what a stuff!
present here at this blog, thanks admin of this web page.
my homepage: my quest bars ()
generic cialis 2018 prices
buy clomid discount
best price for cialis 10mg
tadalafil over the counter canada
When someone writes an paragraph he/she retains the idea of a user in his/her brain that how a user can be
aware of it. Thus that’s why this piece of writing is great.
Thanks!
my site 우리카지노
Hi there to every one, because I am really keen of reading this
weblog’s post to be updated regularly. It carries pleasant
data.
Feel free to surf to my page: 우리카지노
viagra rx canada
tadalafil tablets 2.5 mg
metformin 50 1000 mg
This is very interesting, You are a very skilled blogger.
I’ve joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your great post.
Also, I have shared your website in my social networks!
My web site … 우리카지노
I have read some excellent stuff here. Definitely price bookmarking for revisiting.
I surprise how much attempt you put to create this type of great informative web site.
Also visit my blog post; 우리카지노
I love what you guys tend to be up too. This kind of clever work and
exposure! Keep up the very good works guys I’ve added you
guys to my own blogroll.
Also visit my website: 우리카지노
I do agree with all the ideas you’ve presented to your post.
They’re really convincing and can certainly work. Nonetheless, the posts are
very quick for beginners. May just you please prolong them a bit from subsequent time?
Thanks for the post.
Have a look at my page :: Sven
tadalafil 40 mg price
hydroxychloroquine for covid 19 plaquenil side effects hydroxychloroquine side effects heart
is hydroxychloroquine chloroquine hydroxychloroquine what is hydroxychloroquine 200 mg
buy sildenafil
Hello to every one, it’s in fact a good for me to pay a quick
visit this web page, it includes useful Information.
my blog post – 우리카지노
görev yaparak para kazanmak isteyenler hemen sitemizi ziyaret ederek para kazanmaya başlayabilirler.
If you are going for best contents like me, just visit this web page every day because it presents quality contents, thanks
Also visit my homepage; asmr but
purchase prednisone no prescription cheap prednisone – prednisone 30 mg daily
Some really nice and useful info on this web site, likewise I
believe the layout contains great features.
My webpage – Botanical Farms CBD Gummies Cost
canadian generic viagra
ivermectin medication
generic sildenafil nz
online pharmacy prescription
I am not certain the place you are getting your info, however good
topic. I must spend a while learning much more or figuring out
more. Thank you for wonderful information I used to be
searching for this information for my mission.
Feel free to surf to my web site: 우리카지노
takipçi satın al
Remarkable things here. I’m very satisfied to see your article.
Thanks a lot and I’m looking ahead to contact you.
Will you kindly drop me a e-mail?
Feel free to surf to my website wear jewelry
ivermectin 4000
generic ivermectin for humans ivermectin for sale – ivermectin oral solution
It’s in reality a great and useful piece of information.
I am satisfied that you just shared this useful information with us.
Please keep us up to date like this. Thanks for sharing.
Also visit my homepage :: 먹튀검증
ivermectin price
tadalafil canadian pharmacy
where do you buy viagra
cialis coupon cialis 20 mg
canadian cialis cialis medication
sildenafil brand name sildenafil pde5
desyrel 50 mg tablet
free cialis samples what doe cialis look like
store hours for walgreens pharmacy 24 hour drug store near me
lamictal canadian pharmacy Lioresal
viagra brand name online viagra
cialis 50 mg
ivermectin price uk
tadalafil from mexico
Having read this I thought it was really informative. I appreciate you finding the time and effort to put this informative article together.
I once again find myself spending a lot of
time both reading and commenting. But so what, it was still worthwhile!
Feel free to surf to my page 우리카지노
online pharmacy pain medicine
takipçi satın al
levitra pens levitra cialis viagra
If some one desires to be updated with newest technologies afterward
he must be pay a visit this site and be up to date daily.
Take a look at my website scoliosis surgery are
can i buy viagra online from canada
how much is viagra over the counter female viagra
tadalafil tablets in india online
tadalafil – generic
buy cialis in australia online
tadalafil mexico
canadian pharmacy viagra 200 mg
buy cialis online paypal
cialis coupon
cialis generic cialis alternative
You should be a part of a contest for one of the most
useful sites on the net. I am going to recommend this site!
Look at my web blog :: princess cut diamond
can you buy generic cialis
fluoxetine 90 mg
generic viagra online india
buy cheap tadalafil
hello!,I love your writing so a lot! share we keep
up a correspondence more approximately your post on AOL? I need an expert in this area to unravel my problem.
Maybe that’s you! Looking ahead to peer you.
Feel free to surf to my homepage … 우리카지노
otc viagra usa
buy tadalafil online uk
where can i buy prednisone online without a prescription buy prednisone – prednisone for sale no prescription
how to buy viagra from india
cheap cialis canada
sildenafil canada price
generic cialis lowest price
metformin 500 mg price
provigil 200 mg tablet price
I have read some just right stuff here. Certainly value bookmarking for revisiting.
I wonder how much attempt you set to make this
sort of excellent informative website.
my homepage; the asmr
buy sildenafil citrate 100mg
cialis price generic
50 mg viagra
cialis price canadian pharmacy
cialis 20 mg price usa
ivermectin 9 mg tablet
how much is zoloft 200 mg
finasteride hair
lexapro generic for
modafinil 25mg
clomid 50mg capsules
ivermectin 6 tablet
viagra free delivery – Hunter
cross border pharmacy canada
Slot unit games are loved by casino goers of most ages and this is the key reason why the position unit business is one of the most successful firms in all casino industry. Slot machine gambling has been popularized by the progressive casinos and their models offer a good number of interesting games including pay-to-play and advantage game slot machines. You can find a number of websites that provide complete details about online casinos, newest jackpot amounts, number of position machines, the number of products per game space and different casino details. All this is presented for your comfort and you are able to take your final decision after having a great look over every one of these information. Therefore, in the event that you too want to experience the exact same enjoyment that you see participants experiencing at these casinos then decide for on the web slot machines.
merck propecia propecia generic – cheap propecia canada
cialis 5mg over the counter
buy lexapro no prescription
online viagra canada
canadian pharmacies that deliver to the us
price viagra generic
If some one needs to be updated with most recent technologies
afterward he must be pay a quick visit this site and
be up to date all the time.
Here is my blog :: there asmr
where can i buy stromectol
tadalafil online in india
where can you buy viagra without a prescription
cialis buy in canada
What’s up colleagues, fastidious post and fastidious arguments commented here, I am in fact enjoying by
these.
Here is my web-site; Derma Ella Advanced Skin Care
how to get zoloft prescription
stromectol prices buy stromectol canada
gabapentin cream in india neurontin 800 pill
stromectol tablet 3 mg stromectol over the counter
ivermectin 90 mg
youtube abone hilesi yapmak için sitemizi mutlaka ziyaret edin ve bilgilenin
ivermectin cream ivermectin cost in usa
gabapentin rx discount neurontin dosage for nerve pain
cialis or viagra for women
sildenafil online purchase india
tamoxifen gynecomastia
I’ve been browsing on-line more than 3 hours today, yet I never
discovered any fascinating article like yours.
It is pretty worth sufficient for me. In my view, if all webmasters and bloggers made
just right content material as you did, the net shall be much more useful
than ever before.
Feel free to visit my web page :: SCROTUM
generic viagra 25mg
По-долу ще видите обяснение как
се играе Омаха.
Here is my web-site: pokerstars casino
tiktok takipçi satın al
10mg cialis online
cialis tadalafil
trazodone 300 mg
I have read some good stuff here. Definitely price bookmarking for revisiting.
I wonder how a lot attempt you place to make such a great informative web site.
Feel free to surf to my website: 우리카지노
best generic cialis brand
modafinil medicine
cialis 20 mg cost – viagra price per tablet
how much is cialis in mexico
where can i get hydroxychloroquine can i buy chloroquine over the counter hydroxchloriquine
antabuse tablets online
What’s up everyone, it’s my first pay a quick visit at this website, and paragraph is genuinely fruitful for me, keep up posting these articles.
my site – asmr the
Hi, Neat post. There is a problem together with your site in internet explorer, would check this?
IE still is the market chief and a large part of folks will leave out your
wonderful writing due to this problem.
Also visit my blog post :: 게이
tadalafil 40mg
female viagra pill canada
generic viagra canada cost
stromectol pill
100mg sildenafil 30 tablets price
lowest cost for viagra
medication for ed order diet pills from canada – online ed medications
instagram takipçi satın al
buy generic tadalafil
instagram takipçi satın al
cialis canada coupon
I am regular visitor, how are you everybody? This piece
of writing posted at this website is in fact pleasant.
my webpage: scoliosis surgery and
instagram takipçi satın al
buy cialis online
instagram takipçi satın al
instagram takipçi satın al
viagra pill cost usa
tadalafil 20mg online canada
cialis 20mg generic cialis
instagram takipçi satın al
cialis brand name in india
prednisone prescriptions
cialis uk
buy albuterol india
viagra online pfizer
sildenafil 1mg
purchase cialis for daily use
where can i buy nolvadex in australia
viagra for sale mexico
chewable sildenafil
gay senior dating
adult gay dating sites
the villages florida,gay dating
low cost viagra
Just
gratifying work.
Have a look at my web-site … 마사지
Heya i am for the first time here. I found this board and I in finding It really useful
& it helped me out a lot. I hope to offer one thing
back and help others such as you helped me.
Also visit my web-site – forex2me.com
instagram takipçi satın al
instagram takipçi satın al
instagram takipçi satın al
viagra pill price in india
generic levitra usa
You actually make it seem really easy with your presentation but I in finding
this matter to be actually one thing which I believe I might by no means understand.
It seems too complex and extremely extensive for me.
I’m looking ahead to your next submit, I’ll try to get the dangle of it!
Here is my web blog: 우리카지노
rx disulfiram tablets
buy plaquenil 100mg cheap cialis
Definitely
cialis india online pharmacy
azithromycin 250mg coupon
cialis mit paypal bezahlen how does cialis work – pharmacy cialis no prescription
cialis daily online
viagra online with paypal
best price tadalafil online
levitra price
best price tadalafil 10mg
cost of cialis generic
viagra 200mg
online pharmacy cheap cialis
brand cialis 5 mg
75 mg bupropion
bactrim medicine
lexapro 10 mg order online
buy azithromycin 500mg india
I like the helpful information you supply in your articles.
I will bookmark your blog and check once more right here regularly.
I am quite sure I’ll be informed a lot of new stuff proper here!
Good luck for the next!
Here is my website … 우리카지노
accutane 5 mg
instagram takipçi satın al
tadalafil india 20mg
instagram takipçi satın al
instagram takipçi satın al
customized writing paper write my english paper
azithromycin 25 mg tablet
magic essay writer help writing a essay
coursework website coursework
coursework writing help cpa coursework
viagra brand name in india
good essay writers college essay editing service
female viagra
instagram takipçi satın al
Spot on with this write-up, I truly believe this site needs
a great deal more attention. I’ll probably be back again to see more, thanks
for the information!
Here is my blog … filmbase.org
viagra tabs
sildenafil citrate over the counter
instagram takipçi satın al
instagram takipçi satın al
price of viagra 2018
college papers for sale college papers to buy
tadalafil coupon discount
help writing thesis writing thesis
viagra tablet 150 mg
tadalafil paypal
dissertation publishing help writing dissertation
help writing thesis thesis online
viagra price in malaysia
instagram takipçi satın al
viagra 100mg online in canada
instagram takipçi satın al
differential equations coursework coursework papers
free thesis help uk thesis
instagram takipçi satın al
how much is cialis generic
hydroxychloroquine sulfate tabs 200mg
viagra brand generic
tadalafil drug
dissertation help literature review uk dissertation help
buy papers online cheap write my paper apa format
This is a topic that is close tto my heart… Take care!
Exactly where are your contact details though?
my blog post … 우리카지노
stromectol pills
pharmacy home delivery
cialis on line new zealand cialis buy without – cialis without prescriptions uk
generic tadalafil 5mg cost
Hi, after reading this awesome piece of writing i am too cheerful to share my knowledge here with friends.
Also visit my web page :: 우리카지노
What’s up, I want to subscribe for this website to obtain hottest updates,
thus where can i do it please assist.
Also visit my homepage click here
ucuz takipçi satın al
can i buy viagra in uk
cialis for daily use coupon
ucuz takipçi satın al
can you buy generic cialis in canada
viagra online canadian pharmacy
buy viagra cheap australia
takipçi satın al
tiktok takipçi satın al
tiktok takipçi satın al
tiktok takipçi satın al
lipitor tablets price
woman viagra over the counter
cost of tamoxifen
cheapest cialis online
buy kamagra oral jelly usa
buy female viagra singapore
buy plaquenil chloroquine otc hydroxychloroquine malaria
125 mg viagra
cymbalta 6 mg
buy tadalafil europe
tadalafil 40 mg from india
Does anyone know what happened to Dime Piece LA celebrity streetwear brand? I am having trouble to proceed to the checkout on Dimepiecela site. I have read in Teen Vogue that the brand was acquired by a UK-based hedge fund for $50m. I’ve just bought the Dimepiece Athletic Women’s Club Hoodie from Amazon and totally love it xox
instagram takipçi satın al
dating free gay site web
gay hiv dating sites
bear gay %100 dating
ivermectin over the counter uk
cheapest brand name viagra
us online viagra
whoah this blog is wonderful i really like studying your posts.
Keep up the good work! You understand, lots of individuals are looking around for this info, you
could aid them greatly.
Wow, incredible blog layout! How long have you ever been blogging for?
you make blogging glance easy. The total glance
of your website is great, as smartly as the Storm Drain Protection content!
Look at my webpage: Curb Inlet Protection
tadalafil in mexico
buy genuine viagra online canada
Excellent way of describing, and pleasant article to get facts about my presentation subject matter,
which i am going to deliver in college.
my web blog … สล็อตออนไลน์ starvegas
plaquenil 100 mg tablets
lipitor 20mg price australia
tiktok takipçi satın al
ucuz takipçi satın al
instagram takipçi satın al
tiktok takipçi satın al
order viagra online in usa
sildenafil citrate tablets 100 mg
No problems Matt, just sign up, knuckle down and get a few tutorials inside you!The sky’s the limit with this course ( believe me! ).
viagra how to
Attractive component to content. I simply stumbled upon your blog and in accession capital to assert that I get in fact enjoyed account your weblog posts.
Any way I’ll be subscribing on your augment or even I success you access consistently
quickly.
my blog post cash for gold
zoloft tablet price
ivermectin 3
stromectol medicine
uk pharmacy no prescription
ivermectin 3mg tab
istanbul escort
lowest price cialis online
takipçi satın al
tiktok takipçi satın al
best place to buy generic viagra online viagra pills – order viagra online
how much is viagra in mexico
Hi there! :: Agen Judi Slot
viagra best buy
ivermectin 3mg tablets
Джой Американка в русском балете
instagram takipçi satın al işlemlerinizi sitemiz üzerinden en uygun fiyatlar ile yapabilirsiniz.
buy lexapro online no prescription
Howdy! I know this is kind of off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could locate a captcha plugin for my comment form?
I’m using the same blog platform as yours and I’m having trouble finding one?
Thanks a lot!
Visit my blog post – 우리카지노
I’ve been exploring for a bit for any high quality articles or weblog posts in this kind of space .
Exploring in Yahoo I finally stumbled upon this web site.
Studying this info So i’m happy to convey that I’ve a very excellent uncanny feeling I
found out exactly what I needed. I such a lot definitely will make sure to do not overlook this web site and give it a
glance on a constant basis.
Here is my web site … Cool Wave AC Reviews
online tadalafil 20mg
istanbul escort
istanbul escort
buy sildenafil india
istanbul bayan escort
price of tadalafil 20mg
ivermectin 2mg.
Фильм Блогеры и дороги смотреть онлайн – cialis cheapest online prices
istanbul bayan escort
ivermectin 1%
escort
tadalafil 90 tabs
where to buy generic cialis in usa
best price for sildenafil 20 mg
escort
istanbul escort
escort
istanbul bayan escort
istanbul bayan escort
cialis for sale
tadalafil 5mg online india
viagra south africa
tadalafil 600 mg
where can i buy generic cialis
generic cialis drugstore
where to buy cialis online safely
instagram takipçi satın işlemleri ile sosyal medyada sizlerde kendinizi bir adım ön sıraya çıkarabilirisniz.
plaquenil oct is hydroxychloroquine an immunosuppressant plaquenil drug class
female viagra capsule
tadalafil tablet buy online
cheap generic viagra online pharmacy
cialis 2.5 price
metformin brand name
escort
istanbul bayan escort
Hi there, this weekend is pleasant for me, since this point in time i am reading this wonderful informative article here at
my house.
Here is my page: homework helper online
Unquestionably consider that that you stated. Your
favorite justification appeared to be at the web the easiest thing to take into account of.
I say to you, I certainly get irked even as folks think about concerns that they plainly don’t realize about.
You controlled to hit the nail upon the highest as neatly
as defined out the entire thing with no need side effect , people can take a signal.
Will probably be again to get more. Thanks
Also visit my blog; see here
buy deltasone no prescription
ivermectin 400 mg brands
sildenafil 12.5 mg
istanbul escort
can you buy viagra without a prescription
escort
Great blog right here! Additionally your site loads up very fast!
What host are you the usage of? Can I am getting your affiliate link for your host?
I wish my site loaded up as quickly as yours lol
Look at my blog; Maybelle
istanbul bayan escort
where can i get viagra in south africa
I am sure this article has touched all the internet visitors, its really really pleasant piece
of writing on building up new weblog.
Stop by my page – 토토사이트
istanbul bayan escort
Most people have no knowledge of the fact that shampoos that grow your hair fast (obviously without any sulfates, parabens or DEA) exist. We all are now able to enjoy longer hair and attain more possibilities. Undoubtedly worth investigating.
When you’re considering hair loss, hair damage, preventing scalp disorders, fast hair growth, hair health at large, almost the same thoughts actualize.
As a rule of thumb, you want to steer clear of hair products and treatments that contain chemicals like parabens, DEA or sulfates.
What is beneficial for your hair is healthy for your skin as well.
For obvious reasons your content above is spot on for multiple reasons. It steers away from the usual mistakes and traps too many fall into: using bad alternatives. Greatly appreciated!
antabuse-the no drinking drug
buying cialis
buy gabapentin 50 mg
cheapest price for sildenafil 20 mg
tadalafil 20mg buy
ivermectin 3 mg dose
cost of orlistat in canada
istanbul escort
order cialis pills
sildenafil over the counter australia
sildenafil free shipping
tadalafil uk generic
cilias
escort
where can i buy cialis over the counter
sildenafil in india
Youtube İzlenme Satın Al
where to buy stromectol
Way cool! Some extremely valid points! I appreciate you writing this post and the rest of the website is very good.
İnstagram hesabına takipçi satın al için takipavm’yi incele.
bit.ly/instagram-takipci-satin-almak
antabuse tablets uk
İnstagram hesabına gerçek, türk ve güvenilir takipçi satın al.
bit.ly/instagram-takipci-satin-almak
buy gabapentin online usa
tadalafil online nz
diflucan 6 tabs
canadapharmacyonline.
Here is my homepage … бк 1win отзывы (unturnedwiki.ru)
real cialis for sale online
where to purchase over the counter viagra
ucuz takipçi al ve daha fazlası için sitemizi hemen ziyaret edebilirsiniz.
buy cialis 10mg uk
Great post. I was checking continuously this blog and
I’m impressed! Very useful info particularly the last part 🙂 I
care for such information a lot. I was seeking this particular
info for a long time. Thank you and good luck.
My blog; Jeanette
What’s up, just wanted to mention, I enjoyed this blog post.
It was practical. Keep on posting!
my web site; manandvan
cialis 36 hour
istanbul escort
average cost of viagra in canada
cialis online without prescription
istanbul bayan escort
istanbul bayan escort
istanbul bayan escort
dissertation printing best dissertation writing
prednisone 25mg from canada
writing a doctoral thesis thesis consultant
catholic gay dating
gay chubby dating sites
gay furry dating discord
essay on helping poor people write my essay
istanbul bayan escort
ivermectin pills human
I am not positive the place you’re getting your information,
but great topic. I needs to spend a while studying
more or understanding more. Thank you for fantastic info I was searching for this information for my mission.
my page … 메이저놀이터
Wow, superb weblog format! How lengthy have you ever been blogging for? you make running a blog glance easy. The entire glance of your website is great, as smartly as the content material!
Hello There. I found your blog using msn. This is
a very well written article. I will be sure to bookmark it
and come back to read more of your useful information. Thanks for the post.
I’ll definitely comeback.
Take a look at my web blog … best essay writing service
bir çok sosyal medya takipçi satın al hizmeti ile hızlı şekilde yükselebilirsiniz.
sildenafil 100mg generic mexico
online dissertation help search dissertations
do my papers can someone write my paper for me
Zithromax
best canadian online pharmacy cialis
online viagra tablet canadaPackaging machineries & solutions in Malaysia
We specialise in bag closing machines, bag sewing heads, packaging machineries, sewing thread and other materials.
Featured model at MK Pack
Discover our all of our packaging machines
Bag closing machines & bag sewing machines
Discover our all of our solutions
Machine maintenance
Enquire for more >
Project management
Enquire for more >
Why us?
Over 40 years of experience
Ever since our company was established in 1978, our experience in the packaging machinery and technical equipments over the years has taught us to discern inferior products from quality types and we have an inventory of only superior quality products.
Wide spectrum of industrial experience
Our activities have slowly and steadily grown and today we cater our packaging machineries solutions to a wide spectrum of clients in Pharmaceutical, Cosmetic, Food, Chemical, Engineering, Oil and other Industries with over 100 varieties of packaging and allied machines. We strongly believe in our versatile product lines, which provide high performance and can be finely tuned to meet customer's specific demands.
Personalised packaing machineries solution
We strongly believe in our versatile product lines in packaging machineries solutions, which provide high performance and can be finely tuned to meet customer's specific demands.
Efficient & prompt after-sales services
We have been specializing in manufacturing, importing and wholesaling packaging machineries and related materials. Efficient and prompt after-sales services have given us the edge in our local and overseas market.- -10%Flash enabled We strongly recommend our users to disable Flash Player in their browsers. If you have to use Flash sites, it is better to do it in another browser and only with a specific trusted site.
- -10%Java enabled We strongly recommend our users to disable Java in the main browser. If you have to use Flash sites, it is better to do it in another browser and only with a specific trusted site.
- -10%DoNotTrack You have a browser tracking block disabled.
- -10%ActiveX enabled We strongly recommend our users to disable ActiveX in their main browser. If you have to use ActiveX extensions, for example for payment systems, it is better to use another browser for this purpose, and access only one specific source you know and trust.
- -10%WebRTC We detected A Class network in your local IP addresses. Since you are on this site and we detected it, you are possibly using VPN.
- -10.
- -10%DNS different Your DNS server country differs from the country of your IP address. As a rule, it reveals your attempts to hide your location.
- -10%TOR detected IP addresses of Tor exit nodes are known. It means that it's known that you use anonymous network and your actions may be defined as suspicious
- -10%IP addresses different Our interactive checks have revealed that you are not the one you pretend to be. Your actual IP address differs from the one you show. Please use proper system and VPN settings or disable Flash/Java/ActiveX/WebRTC in your browser.
- -10%WebProxy detected The majority of webproxies are detectable and able to intercept and track your traffic. We do not recommend using them for anonymity.
- -10%Proxy detected The majority of proxies are not anonymous, they are detectable and able to track your traffic. We do not recommend using them for anonymity.
- -10%Data Center IP Your IP address related to data center, you use masking tools.
- -10%System time different The time set in your system differs from your IP addresses time zone. You are possibly trying to hide your current location by anonymity means.
- -10%Blacklist Your IP address is blacklisted. This is a bad signal.
- -10%Browser headers different User-Agent that your browser sends differs from that we checked via Javascript. You are trying to hide your actual browser.
- -10%Languages different The language set in your system and/or browser differs from the language of your IP address country. You are possibly trying to hide yourself by anonymity means.
Try Whoer VPN risk-free with money-back guarantee
IP Address Details
IP Address Details
- Extended version
Browser
Interactive detection
bin: 00110110 10010000 00110111 11111101
dec: 915421181
oct: 066 0220 067 0375
hex: 36 90 37 FD
Screen
HTTP headers
Scripts
Time
Plugins
Navigator
— is a service aimed at verifying the information your computer sends to the web.: light and extended (for displaying additional information).Excellent efficient service from point of order to delivery. Delighted with my purchase which arrived very well packaged. I would not hesitate in placing further orders with Aristocrat
Set Leather Jacket Black
RRP £435.00 Now £348.00
Set Leather Jacket Black
RRP £435.00 Now £348.00
Our must-have for every wardrobe!
Classic biker jacket made from 100% soft leather
With silver zips and metal elements
Slim fit
Fitted jacket
Please select a size:
Stock Alert
Please alert me via email when this product is back in stock.
Technical Information
100% Leather
Delivery and Returns
100% Leather
- Chameleon Carbon Fiber Vinyl Car Wrap
- Carpet Cleaning Supplies Concord Ca
- Caps Floor And Collar
- Bumblebee Carbon Fiber Quadcopter Frame 550mm
- Chequered Aluminium Sheet Price
- Cheap Plexiglass Sheets In Bulk
- Brz Front Bash Bar
- Cheap Carpets In Boston
- Bullnose Tile For Stairs
- Checkered Tiles Design
- Chandelier Light Bulb Socket Sizes Chart
- Build Your Own Hydroponic Garden
- Celtic Marble Granite
- Building A Sauna Door
- Carpet Cleaning Suffolk Park
- Cheap Wedding Chapels In Dallas Tx
- Carpet Companies Washingtrton Mo
- Cheap Wood Paneling Ideas
- Chair Rail Molding Designs
- Charleston Sc Marble And GraniteMeet The Team!
We help tell the story of American Manufacturing - and our new Lookbook Series is here to help paint the picture. We start with the people behind the product. Meet the American Trench team: honest, brave & bought in. Over here, everybody’s got gumption: but our results eclipse our egos. Welcome to our Conversation.
From Top Left to Bottom Right:
Name: Jacob Hurwitz
Intro: I’m cofounder at American Trench. The brand was inspired by a trip to London I took in the summer of 2009. We were coming out of the Great Recession of 2008 and there was massive job loss. There was a focus on job creation and the Americana menswear movement of the time had a focus on craft and manufacturing. People were asking where their clothes were made, they were starting to really care, similar to what happened in food a decade earlier. I made the first sketch of the branding in December of that year. My cofounder David and I spent the next 3 years making a prototype trench coat. Socks was an afterthought. I didn’t want to do a crowdfunding campaign with a logo tee shirt, so we made socks instead. I called a bunch of sock mills and we found two that would work with us, one in North Carolina and one in Pennsylvania. We launched on Kickstarter in January of 2013. In 2014, we launched our first wholesale collection of socks and accessories. Every year we grow and expand our collection, our vision, and our workforce.
Origin: I was born in Philadelphia (Overbrook) and grew up in Narberth, PA, about 5 minutes from the city line. Philadelphia and the surrounding area is my home. I live in Wynnewood, about five minutes from my office in Ardmore. I have a BA in mathematics and a minor in studio art from Goucher College in Baltimore, MD and masters in secondary education from the University of Pennsylvania. I’ve always been interested in art, design, and architecture but also in analytical things like mathematics and chemistry. Clothing design and textiles really brings all of these things together for me.
Fun Fact: I was a high school mathematics teacher for five years, which is where I really learned to dress myself as an adult as I had to wear a tie every day. I got really into clothes as a result. The only job in fashion I had prior was a nine month stint at Mitchell & Ness, the Philadelphia based sportswear brand that was epi-center of the Hip Hop throwback craze in the early aughts. I worked on the store floor for several months and then was pulled into the office to do research on new products. I never thought that a nine month job would relate to anything I would be doing in the future but it really mattered.
Name: Sulai Neill
Intro: I was hired by American Trench in September of 2015 to help fulfill orders, and my responsibilities have grown ever since. I now focus on wholesale sales and customer service.
Origin:I was born in West Philly, and raised not too far away in Merion, PA. I now live in Ardmore and enjoy walking or One Wheeling to work most days.
Fun Fact: I spent 10 years coaching middle and high school basketball (Go Tigers and Churchmen!) before joining Team Trench.
Name: Sarah Brown
Intro: Director of Digital Media here, since 2017. The thing I love most about my job and working at a small company like American Trench is that I have a chance to do a bit of everything creative: product styling and photography, copywriting and graphic design, social media and marketing, e-commerce management, even product development and buying.
Origin: I was born in Reading, PA and raised in Chester County, just outside of Philadelphia. In 1999, studies in 2D Fine Arts at Moore College of Art & Design brought me to Philly, where I’ve lived since. I currently reside in the Fishtown/Kensington section of Philly with my main dude, toddler dude and kitty dudette.
Fun Fact: Prior to working at American Trench I ran Mouse Trap Vintage, a curated online vintage shop/traveling show of well-made and historical clothing and accessories, rare and antique books from the cannon of Natural History, unique objects to beautify the home, all inspired by the natural world. Those relics now gather dust in my basement.
Name: Liz Hancin
Intro: I’ve been designing apparel and accessories, both technically and creatively, for American Trench for the last 3 years. My greatest joy here at Trench Headquarters is getting to work with our US based manufacturers to bring ideas to life
Origin: You probably never heard of my hometown of Croydon, PA; but we have some of the best pizza joints this nation has to offer. You’d have to hop on a plane to Rome to find better.
Fun Fact: At Philadelphia University, my senior year fashion collection was heavily inspired by vintage military pieces. The entire collection was created from repurposed surplus uniforms. Albeit subtle, much of our apparel at American Trench takes influence from decades worth of military garments as well.
Name: Tomie Wilson
Intro: I’m the photographer here at American Trench! I’ve been a photographer for the past 9 years and I love it!. I’ve dabbled in a bunch of types of photography but really found my passions in portrait and fashion photography.
Origin: I was born in Philly and it’s where I still reside! I have my BFA from the Tyler school of Art and Architecture. I graduated in 2020.
Fun Fact: In my free time I play MMORPG’s. Mainly Final Fantasy XIV
Name: Phat Phu
Intro: Hello, my name is Phat. I help coordinate the assets for American Trench
Origin: Born and raised in South Philly + I’m never leaving. Philly until I die.
Fun Fact: I worked in the restaurant industry for ten years before coming to work at American Trench.
Name:Paige Milnes
Intro: I began working at American Trench about 9 months ago. I started as an intern through Drexel University where I’m getting my degree in design and merchandising and now I’m an official employee here. I’ve been the lead on integrating a new product lifecycle management, consumer resource management, enterprise resource management software. I love that American Trench is a smallerl but growing business that allows me to get my hand in many aspects of the company's operations.
Origin: I was born in Philadelphia and have lived here for more than half of my life.
Fun Fact: I am a fitness and nutrition advocate. In my free time, I've been studying to get my certifications in Physical Therapy and Nutrition. I also run a lifestyle blog containing a bunch of recipes, workouts, fashion tips, and much more.
Name: Brian Hamlin
Intro: I’m new here. Right now I help out with fulfillment, but I’m also a Writer. I work on product pages, newsletter development, and general copywriting for any American Trench products.
Origin: I’m from Pittsburgh - but have always been a bit of a journeyman. My past 5 years have landed me in Syracuse, Oklahoma City, and now South Philly. Happy to be here and hoping to stay for a while.
Fun Fact: My youngest brother Gavan is one of the few people to fall off a mule at the Grand Canyon - and live to tell the tale..cda is a standard filename extension denoting a small (44 byte ) stub file generated by Microsoft Windows for each audio track on a regular “Crimson E book” CD-DA format audio CD as defined by the Table of Contents (ToC) (inside the lead-in’s subcode ). 1 These recordsdata are shown in the listing for the CD being considered in the format Track##.cda, where ## is the variety of every particular person track. Your CD’s files will begin becoming MP3 data. The name can be utilized to seek advice from its audio file format or its audio codecs. After saving the files in your favored format, you may transfer them to your music player. Step 2: Import yourcda files into the converter. 3GP was designed to reduce the overhead in terms of storage and bandwidth to allow video files that could be dealt with by smartphones. An “MP3 CD” is totally different from a CD Audio disc in that it’s only a Knowledge CD containing recordsdata in a lot the same way as they are stored on your arduous drive, apart from the precise bodily properties of a CD and a tough drive being different.
You should use iTunes to convert track recordsdata between compressed and uncompressed codecs. You’ll be able to choose to routinely access an internet database so as to add observe and album data. three. Start to convert Audio CD to MP3 (rip the Audio CD to mp3). Run the CDA converter and click Add Disc to load the CDA information. Convert WMV to MP3 – Convert your file now – on-line and free – this web page additionally comprises info on the WMV and MP3 file extensions. A: You may convert (rip) your Audio CDs to the favored MP3 format.
This model of Learn the way to Convert on-line cda to mp3 converter to MP3 was reviewed on October 12, 2017. Relatively than drown users in a ton of technical settings and options, Convertilla takes the extremely spartan method, permitting for simple format conversion How To Open CDA Files a variety of codecs, with presets suitable with a wide range of cellular units. Of those, the MP3 format has change into the standard in audio playback. Many karaoke songs acquired the music on one channel and music + voice on the opposite channel, and this would be a strategy to create recordsdata with only music on both channels and likewise to create information with music + voice on both channels.
It may be essential for an audio converter to be able to importing all obtainable audio codecs and changing them to a format you must use. Instead of eradicating the DRM encryption, Tunebite records the audio or video file and converts it to a format you need to use on any media participant. However, the quality of these files won’t ever be pretty much as good as the original discs attributable to errors when information is learn, and compression when it is encoded. With out additional ado, listed below are 10 finest technique to copy and rip CDs to FLAC format.
The expertise developments in audio converter software program now afford us the flexibleness to extract excessive-prime quality audio from CDs or streaming suppliers, and duplicate those information and convert cda to mp3 on-line them to lossy codecs, like MP3, to make the recordsdata smaller and playable on cell devices. Which means you cannot convert them to another format (such like MP3), just because they do not contain audio samples SS Skid Resistance Plate Chain ! VLC Media Player and Foobar2000 are two free media players that are widespread for his or her speed, customizability, and broad codec (filetype) assist.
Play MP3s and other audio codecs, and by no means again fear about various quantity. A: You possibly can convert (rip) your Audio CDs to the popular M4A format. ITunes, which regularly often called music files manager, may also be an environment friendly tool for purchasing music and having fun with radio, as well as burning audio CD, mp3 CD or data CD. And the steps on burning MP3 to audio CD are fairly straightforward to observe. Leawo Music Recorder can automatically download music tags after recording, but you can also make personalized music tag like title, year, style for the transformed file through the embedded music tags editor.
Proper click on on the recordsdata you need to convert. Depending on the media player that you’re using, it’s possible you’ll get an error message on top of that. You can add bulk of knowledge or a folder, or drag and drop files and folders onto fundamental window of the converter; it ought to search all supported recordsdata and add them to conversion guidelines. Online cda to mp3 converter video converter This MP4 converter helps you to simply convert recordsdata to the MP4 format. Swap is one of the most steady, simple-to-use, and comprehensive multi format audio file converters out there.
You can download this audio ripper or cda to mp3 converter software for Home windows at no cost from the hyperlink given below. Some packages on the system could appear to read cda information immediately as you may load them but that isn’t fully the case both as they access the info on the disc instantly as a substitute. CDA to MP3 Converter gives you an easy and fast method to convert cda to mp3 on-line CDA to MP3 audio with high quality. One of the best ways to transform CDA to MP3?
To transform CDA to MP3, Leawo Music Recorder also has a say. If i copy thecda recordsdata from a CD, they’re 1 Kb each, which is just too small to incorporate any audio. You can click on the CDA file when you are within the disc file space and it’ll play in WMP (Home windows Media Participant). Home windows Media Player is exclusive to Home windows computers. From the column of Rip settings”, choose MP3″ from the Format” checklist in addition to make sure that Rip CD routinely” is unchecked. Complete Audio Converter supports WAV, MP3, OGG, WMA, APE, FLAC, MP4, AAC, MPC and plenty of other uncommon picture file varieties files (full record).
Right here specify the rip music location, Choose the Rip output format as MP3 and specify the Audio High quality. Audials Tunebite Platinum is compatible with 40 import formats and can convert to 11 output codecs. Lastly, I’ve chosen AuI ConverteR, just because I discover the sound top quality of the knowledge converted by it’s higher than the other softwares that I’ve tried. Will an odd Laptop computer with a 100GB PLUS be a great answer for my software, unless there’s a higher and less expensive answer with out compromise on the sound quality of the tracks, i did attempt taking part in a MP3 on the PAS, I found the sound was not good.Online Reading Enrichment Program
Online and individualized reading instruction to prepare your child for the new school yearWatch Promo Enroll in Course
Is your child falling behind in reading? Does your child need help getting caught up in preparation for a new school year?
With uncertainty about what this upcoming school year will bring, get your child help ONLINE on YOUR TIME.
We work with kids in Preschool-5th grade in the following areas of reading:
- Reading comprehension
- Reading fluency
- Reading vocabulary
- Phonics
- Phonemic awareness
Sessions are Individualized, Engaging, and Interactive!
We also offer flexible scheduling and online booking.
Technical requirements:
- Computer: laptop, desktop, chromebook, or iPad
- Microphone or headset
- Webcam
Parent requirements:
- Be available: be sure to make your scheduled appointments
- Be involved: you are welcome to sit in on all or part of every session
- Be diligent: regular practice is the key to success
Who is this program for?
Children who will be entering preschool through 5th grade in the 2021-2022 school year and need additional support to become confident readers.
What is included?
Each program includes an informal assessment to determine your
child's strengths and weaknesses. This is followed by two 30-minute
sessions each week. Finally, we complete a post-assessment to identify your child's progress and celebrate their success!
Where does this program take place?
This program is 100% online. You can join from wherever you have access to a computer and high-speed internet connection.
When does it start?
The program starts on July 6th, but you may schedule your informal assessment any time after enrollment. Once you choose your start date, you will meet weekly for either four or eight consecutive weeks, depending on the option you have selected.
How much does it cost?
What do other families have to say about our Online Reading Program?
"My son Noah really enjoyed the Summer Reading Program, and not only were my husband and I able to see results, but so did my son's teacher, who is his Summer tutor as well. He is reading so much more fluently and at such a nice speed which makes it a joy listening to him read to us. He is able to better comprehend the text as well, which was not so easy for him in the past."
Spaces are limited. Sign up to reserve your spot now!
Your Instructor
Adrienne owns Online Speech Services, a business that specializes in online speech, language, and communication instruction for children and adults. She has a Master's in Communication Sciences and Disorders and has been a nationally certified speech-language pathologist for almost 15 years. She has dedicated her career to helping others build
their communication skills so they can reach their personal and educational goals. Adrienne truly believes that communication is the
key to unlocking your full potential.
Course Curriculum
Frequently Asked Questions
The program is customized based on each child's needs. Results vary for each individual, and as such, we do not guarantee a particular outcome or result.What Are The Different Types Of Staplers And Their Uses?
Have you ever faced the situation in the office when you have to staple big documents together? If yes, then you will be familiar with the difficulties; this works looks very annoying when we staple lots of documents along with the regular stapler. If you are attempting to collate all the documents with a daily use stapler, it can cause papers to fold or flawed. For such works, we need to have a good stapler. In searching for a good stapler, you can go to check the best electric staplers reviews. These will help you to choose the best one.
We must manage our desk correctly, and the right arrangement of documents is the part of the desk organization. When you are collating the pages, then it is good to have the right kind of stapler; a normal binder can flaw the documents.
Types of the staplers and their uses:
When it comes to collating all the documents, we need to have a good stapler that can usually staple all the papers quickly.
- Long Reach Stapler
IF you are going to buy a stapler that can easily staple the pages, then you should buy the long reach stapler. It staples the pages without leaving any fold on the papers. If you are a person who thinks about the neatness of the presentation of the pages, then you need to purchase this stapler.
Use:
if we talk about the uses of long reach stapler, it is effortless to use and give the proper binding of the papers. It is helpful to provide extra clearance when stapling the pages.
- Desk Stapler
A desk stapler is used to binding the pieces of pages instead of putting together a paper clip. When we are deciding to buy a desk stapler, then we don’t need to think about the money because these are cheap. There is a problem with using this stapler that can cause the jam easily.
Use: it makes putting the pieces of paper convenient; anyone can use it without having any effort. You must be using the right kind of stapler that can properly clip all the documents.
- Pneumatic Stapler
It is a stapler that is mostly used by the builder. We can use the Pneumatic Stapler for the works of wood. Many times we need to put the pieces of the wood together so that nailing becomes easier. The best thing with these staplers is the convenience of winding the wood pieces together. This stapler uses the air to make the work possible.
Uses:
Pneumatic Stapler is used to stapling the pieces of the wood together; for nailing the wood, it can be the best stapler.
- Tack Stapler
At first glance, you will find the tack stapler similar to the long reach stapler. Only the difference is that you have to hit it onto a piece of wood, and then you have to make forced to come out the staple. This stapler is used by the contractors, who take the big project of using the paper with wood for roofing.
Uses:
It is used to staple into the wood so that a contractor could use the wood with the paper for the roofing. It easily staples the wood papers.
- Commercial Staple Gun
Commercial staple gun looks like a real gun; this is mostly used for commercial jobs.
Use:
It is used for roofing and securing the wire at home.In-person options are back! Please note enrollment for in-person courses will require documentation of vaccination or an approved medical or religious accommodation, as well as adherence with Tufts' broader Covid-19 Protocols.
Browse Courses
Browse Courses
Filter Courses
- Clear Filters
- 0 results found
- (-) boston health sciences campus
- (-) medford/somerville campus
- (-) available
- (-) Neuroscience
- (-) Economics
- (-) Education
- (-) Environmental Studies
- (-) History of Art
- (-) Mathematics
- (-) Music
- (-) Urban & Env Policy & Planning
- (-) Biomedical Engineering
- (-) Civil & Environmental Eng
- (-) Electrical & Computer Engineering
- (-) School of Medicine - Public Health & Professional Degrees
- (-) Film and Animation
- (-) Graphic Design
- (-) Animals and Public Policy Program:"Brand were
Recorded at Big M Studios,Sydney / Audio Engineer - Dave Anderson /
Produced by Nathan Harvey and Ash Rothschild /
Written and Vocals by Nathan Harvey /
Guitar, Drums and Bass by Ash Rothschild /
Mastered by Leon Zervos at Studios 301
"I Like It Easy"
I' m back with I LIKE IT EASY!!
Recorded at Big M Studios,Sydney and Magnus Murphy, Brisbane
Audio Engineer - Dave Anderson / Produced by Nathan Harvey and Magnus Murphy
Written, Vocals and all Instruments Performed by Nathan Harvey
Mastered by Magnus Murphy
No 3 On JJJ Unearthed!
JJJ Announcer Review
Busk For A Cure (Cancer) - Newtown
>>IMAGE
Brand New Day
Every time I hear them say
Every day's a brand new day I smile
Every time it goes away
I'm searching for that brand new day a while.
Why
Cant seem to find my smile
Every time I go outside
I turn around and go inside again
Looking out at all those faces
Trying hard to figure foe from friend
How
Myself can I defend
Need a place
Need a place that's full of friends
When we live and love and care about our neighbours.
We can learn to live again.
When you pass the mountain snowing
When you see the river flowing round
High above the smoky delta
Looking for a place to hunker down
Where
No shelter to be found
Need a place
Need a place that's full of friends
When the minds of techno science
meet the angels
We can dream about an end.
Dream about an end to wars
End of all the crazy laws an end
End of cringing in the night
End of people dead with fright my friend
Time
Time to take my hand
Need a place
Need a place that's full of friends
Learn to live the truth and not the fable
And be happy once again
Happy once again
Happy once again
Woo
My Debut EP - It's Kool To Be Kind
Tamworth Country Music Festival
MUSIC
I'm a paragraph. Click here to add your own text and edit me. It's easy.Monthly Archives: June 2015
Time for reflection!
More good times with Father Robot.
I did some drawings of Father Robot’s head yesterday and, after I finished, I decided that I liked one for a new profile pic of FR’s Facebook page. It’s nice to feel “back in the saddle” with this book. I think I’ve had some real hang-ups about finishing the series, but even doing a couple of little drawings of this big lug have made me realize how much I like him. So, look forward to lots more of this kooky automaton and enjoy this image.
I drew the line work traditionally, with Copic technical pens, but cleaned it up in Photoshop and Illustrator. The coloring was all done in Photoshop, using my buddy‘s Cintique (it was my first time to use one for coloring!) Of course, all lettering is done in Illustrator..In-store Opening Hours Monday - Saturday 9am - 6pm
LARGE FORMAT PRINTING
Exceptional Image Quality!
REINSW restates need for dedicated regulator
REINSW restates need for dedicated regulator
New South Wales’ peak real estate body has amped up its support for a dedicated watchdog for the property industry, saying the complex issues landlords, tenants and investors face are not being addressed by the state government’s current regime.
Property services currently fall under the umbrella of the NSW Government’s Fair Trading division, which deals with complaints and issues across more than 40 industry types, including automotive, retail, and even tattoo parlours, as well as property, construction, and rentals.
Speaking to Australian Property Investor Magazine, Real Estate Institute of New South Wales chief executive Tim McKibbin was unreserved in his criticism of the current system and the need for property, as the state’s largest industry, to be governed by a Property Services Council and a dedicated Commissioner.
“All of the industries under the auspices of Fair Trading are smaller than the property sector in terms of dollar value transactions and are not legally complex,” Mr McKibbin said.
“Conversely, real estate transactions always involve large sums of money and are by their very nature legally complex.
“Speaking plainly, Fair Trading does not have the skills, knowledge or experience to protect the interests of consumers and support the industry, while the Bill will address these issues.”
The proposition of a new watchdog for the property sector has been discussed by NSW Parliament for several years, culminating this year in a Property Services Bill passing the Upper House and set to be debated by the Lower House in coming weeks.
The Bill was first introduced to parliament in 2019 by the Shooters, Fishers and Farmers MP Mark Banasiak (then known as the Real Estate Services Council Bill 2019).
At the second reading speech in March, Mr Banasiak said property’s contribution to the NSW economy and prominence in the lives of everyone buying, building or renting a home justified its own regulatory body.
“Residential real estate transactions alone are a $107 billion industry annually in New South Wales, (making it) bigger than the combined mining industry at $21 billion, the retail industry at $22.8 billion and the tourism industry at $38.1 billion,” Mr Banasiak said.
“Consumers have the reasonable expectation that the real estate agents they retain to advise and guide them through a property transaction are ethical, appropriately educated and experienced.
“The House must reluctantly acknowledge that the (legislation that had property services encompassed by Fair Trading, the) Property, Stock and Business Agents Act 2002 has not delivered the outcomes Parliament intended, therefore, consumers' expectations have not been met.”
Back to the future
Mr McKibbin said it was difficult to understand how the nightlife economy had its own Commissioner but the state’s biggest industry did not, with high profile issues such as major building flaws in residential towers beyond the resources of Fair Trading to properly address.
Mr McKibbin said the Bill would bring NSW in line with regulatory models used in other states and align the property industry with the legal and building services industries.
“This bill returns the property industry to the regulatory environment of old, and it replicates the regulatory architecture of the legal and building services industries, and of other states,” he said.
“Government legislation is driven by the advice it receives and good policy comes from broad engagement and understanding of the industry in question.
“There are many policy shortcomings that a real estate services commissioner, representing the best interests of consumers, could address,” he said.
Since Fair Trading assumed responsibility for the property services sector, training requirements to qualify as a real estate agent have been downgraded and similar failed attempts made to de-licence auctioneers and strata managers.
While florists and hairdressers undergo years of training, those entrusted with the sale and navigation of the complex regulatory environment of selling people’s greatest assets now need only complete a four-day online training course.
“Fair Trading alleges the panacea of anything that ails a market is competition so it removes things that are termed barriers to entry, but unfortunately education, training and experience are deemed to be barriers to entry,” Mr McKibbin said.
The new legislation, Mr McKibbin said, does not bestow on industry or any other stakeholder any power beyond a voice direct to the Minister.
“A dedicated Commissioner will have industry experience and will work cooperatively and constructively with industry,” he said.
“Industry’s relationship with Fair Trading is at best adversarial and clearly this is unproductive, with all stakeholders suffering.
“This Bill does not create an untested or uncharted regulatory architecture; to the contrary, it simply returns to the days when industry stakeholders had a genuine voice.
“Colloquially put, it’s back to the future!”
The Bill’s passage is also being closely watched across the border in Victoria, where there is an Estate Agents Council, that differs from what NSW is proposing, and Consumer Affairs Victoria, which is responsible for the sector in a similar way to Fair Trading NSW.
“The REIV congratulates NSW for successfully bringing attention to the matter,” REIV chief executive Gil King told API Magazine.
“The real estate sector is a very significant contributor and driver of any state’s economy and it’s critical that its governance sits with the appropriate government authority.”
“Victoria will be keenly following the developments in NSW.”VANS MoMA ... from our collection to yours
Vans and The Museum of Modern Art collaborate on a footwear and apparel collection highlighting works by celebrated artists from MoMA collection. MoMA and Vans share a passion for inspiring creative expression and individuality around the world.
The Vans MoMA Authentic combines the original Vans low top style with an allover abstract Jackson Pollock print. It also includes printed canvas sidewall wraps, metal eyelets, and signature rubber waffle outsoles.
COLOR: JACKSON POLLOCKPersonal profile
Particulars
Ben completed his BSc in Psychology and MSc in Neuroimaging at Bangor University before completing an MRes in Computational Neuroscience & Cognitive Robotics and a PhD in Psychology at the University of Birmingham, where he went on to teach a variety of topics to students in both the Biology and Psychology departments. Ben joined the lecturing staff at QUB in October 2020.
Ben is a Chartered Psychologist (CPsychol), an Associate Fellow of the Higher Education Academy (AFHEA), and a member of the European Society of Psychology Learning and Teaching (ESPLAT). He is passionate about statistical analysis, personality psychology, social psychology and psychobiology.
Teaching
Current Teaching Responsibilities
Level 2 Personal Tutor
PSY1008 Individual Differences
PSY2067 Module Coordinator
BSc Thesis Supervision
Student Engagement Officer
Previous Teaching Experience
Undergraduate Teaching:-
Advanced Statistics (Module Lead)
Introduction to MATLAB (Module Lead)
Evolutionary Psychology (Module Lead)
Applied Psychology: The Psychology of Health and Wellbeing (Module Lead)
Research Methods
Neurobiology
Personality and Individual Differences
Personality and Intelligence at Work
Psychobiology
BSc Thesis Supervision
Level 1 and Level 2 Personal Tutor
Postgraduate Teaching:-
Foundations in Critical Thinking (Module Lead)
Current Research
Introduction to Computational Methods
Computer UseThose […]
Search Results for: freelance writing
From Content Mill to Your Own Freelance Writing Clients in 8 Steps
Are you churning out writing pieces for a content mill? These low-paying freelance writing sites are notorious. They draw people in with the promise of making a living as a freelance writer. And they do pay – often frequently. But their rates are terrible, often in the $0.01-$0.03 per word range. That means for a […]
9 Freelance Writing Sites That Pay 10 Cents Per Word Or More
So you want to work from home writing? You’re in luck. If you have the grammar and research skills, there is plenty of work from home to be found in this industry. Today I have rounded up freelance writing jobs that pay a decent wage ($.10+ per word) and are known to frequently hire remote […]
21 Recession-Proof Industries for Freelancers
If you look out the window as you drive down your town’s main drag, it may seem like businesses have all died. Yes, travel and tourism is flatlining right now, along with restaurants and many other forms of brick-and-mortar retail. But it’s not all gloom out there. When the economy nosedives, there aren’t just losers […]
10+ Creative Writing Jobs: Jump Start Your At-Home Writing Career
Calling all creative writers! I see you out there, typing wonders. Maybe you just write as a hobby, dreaming up stories in your spare time. Maybe you’ve been wanting to find a way to make a living off the labor of your imagination and your way with words. This is for you. Today, I have […]
Top 10 Freelance Job Sites for 2021
You […]The Room: Introducing Carl Koch
For the inaugural exhibition in The Room, we have chosen to highlight the work of the British artist, Carl Koch. A graduate of Central Saint Martins, Koch's handmade ceramic artworks focus on process and artisanship, two aspects reflecting Turnbull's approach to shirt making we wished to reiterate visually.
Turnbull: We are delighted to have you exhibit as part of our new concept –The Room. What are your earliest memories of craft, art and design? Did you always know you wanted to pursue creativity?
Carl: Thanks for having me! There has always been some level of creativity in my life. When I was a kid, my grandparents would look after me, and I would spend most of the time in my Grandad's studio (he was a full-time wildlife artist). He would take out his favourite books, and I would try and copy the animals and wildlife pictures. The smell of the oil paints and the sound of Classic FM in the background is a very nostalgic memory for me. At school, I could get by academically, but when I figured that I could mentally escape my classroom by drawing, I started taking a sketch pad with me to every lesson. At some point, I got it into my head that I would not ever earn any money from being an artist, so I decided instead to become a designer. Which, in the end, has come full circle because I now create artworks full time.
‘SOLEMN’ Hand-dipped Ceramic Tiles in Black Timber Box Frame.
Please tell us a bit about your creative practice and what goes on in your studio day-to-day?
Very fortunately, I get to paint full time – sending artworks all over the world to clients that would probably never normally own a piece of my work. To do so, I need to stay organised. I start by planning my day, then emails, and then cracking on whatever project I am working on. It could be stretching canvases to creating Verre Eglomise pieces for a penthouse. If I am doing ceramic artwork, then I will roll out the clay, cut it into tiles and then dip them in whatever colour is needed. Once they are dry, I pack the kiln and fire it up. My studio has become overrun with tiles, from miss fires to experiments. I seem to be accumulating boxes of them!
During the recent lockdowns, you reconnected with ceramics. What draws you to this medium and process?
Ceramics is an ancient medium, and something about handling clay feels very primal but also so natural. It is the tactile qualities and the intricacies along with the firing process that draws me to it. There is also something quite astounding that once the clay has been fired to a high temperature, it vitrifies into stone. So, you are creating something that has lasting qualities but is not plastic. I produce many individual parts that come together to form my works – almost like a hive or a swarm. You have all these individuals that collect in one place and make up the overall singular body. There is a rhythm found in nature that I am trying to emulate-echo. Up close, it is hard to make out a coherent shape or form, but from a distance, the lines become sharper. The ceramic pieces invite you to stop and draw you in to notice all the different effects, a lot of which are created by the firing process.
'SOLEMN' and 'UNION' details
After graduating from Central Saint Martins, as a print designer, you lived in Istanbul. What influence does this have on your work?
Istanbul is a fantastic place. A meeting for not only cultures but also the past and the present. You can sit on the old capitols and columns from a Roman building that stood over a thousand years ago and now sit discarded in a suburban park. There is so much history there it is hard to know where to look. The people are fantastic too, and something about their attitude really inspired me and has profoundly shaped how I feel about what I can create. No problem is insurmountable to them. Their ceramics are stunning too, with so many independent shops selling the work of small studios, there is a lot to see and collect. It was here, in the UK, that I decided to change my path from working as a print designer. I spent hours in front of a computer screen every day, and it would leave me feeling drained and unfulfilled. Although being a print designer did teach me a lot about noticing repeating patterns wherever you look and working with and choosing the colour.
You have created artworks for some of the most exclusive locations in London. Is your approach to bespoke commissions different from that of personal projects?
Creating a bespoke piece for a client can be different from personal projects because there is often a brief and almost always a colour pallet to work with. Whenever working on one, I make sure that they have their presence and can handle themselves. They are not just a space-filler but an actual piece of art that someone can appreciate. I agonise over minute details, reworking them several times until it looks and feels right. There is a lot of preparation and experimentation before I start on the final artwork. From trying new materials and techniques to redrawing a shape many times when it comes to the final piece, it looks natural.
‘VEIL1 VEIL 2’ Hand-dipped Ceramic Tiles in Black Timber Frame
There is a calming serenity in your work, with repetition and scale played with throughout. After the year we have all had, what are you most looking forward to about life post-Covid?
Actually, I am about to become a dad, so I am extremely excited about that! Overall, though it will be great to have some sense of normality again, we have all experienced the pandemic differently. For me, it will be reconnecting with friends and family. And London, I cannot wait to have a day in the city with the shops, cafes, restaurants, and galleries all open again. On some level, I have appreciated the lack of distractions that lockdown has afforded. It was having the time in lockdown that gave me the chance to get back into working with clay.
A selection of Carl's works will be on display and available for purchase at The Room, in Mayfair until the end of May.As you probably already know, the regulation of the rental relations differs from state to state and depending on the free lease agreement type. A commercial lease implies that the tenant (the lessee) will use the landlord’s (lessor) property for commercial rather than residential purposes. Their legal term is the lessor.
A commercial lease agreement acts to safeguard both parties. On the one hand, the lessor must make sure they have chosen a law-abiding and trustworthy lessee. They must ensure a steady income and security to their premises. On the other hand, lessees have to ensure their rights are protected because commercial premises are not entitled to the same protection as residential homes.
Florida bill of sale templates – this page will allow you to read additional information on some other bills of sale used in Florida.
Commercial lease agreements can be remarkably flexible, which is beneficial for both parties. Thus, the negotiation process always requires honesty and trust from both sides. When entering into such a deal, make your expectations realistic, and acknowledge the other partner’s right to get benefits, too.
When negotiating the contract, it is crucial to ask the right questions. Try to find out if the subject property is meant for commercial use only and if the sublease option is available. Look for any conditions that might create unnecessary obstacles for the running of your business and discuss them with the potential landlord.
Meanwhile, the landlord can insist on putting conditions directed at protecting their property on the table. Any significant damage caused to the property by the tenant can negatively affect further commercial lease and even put it at risk, and no one would want that.
In Florida, commercial landlord-tenant relations are regulated by the Florida Statutes and municipal and federal norms. All parties getting into a commercial lease agreement must comply or face penalties.
You will need a special template to fill out the Florida Commercial Lease Agreement. You can find one online or use legal assistance. For your convenience, we suggest you use our finest software tools to build any template you need.
Once you have the agreement form, you need to fill it out in compliance with all legal procedures. Below is a step-by-step guide on how to do it:
How you fill out this form is very important as the success for both sides depends highly on its contents. Provided you do proper legal research in advance and follow all our recommendations, you shall have no difficulty dealing with any commercial lease problem or situation that comes your way.
The following are some other Florida forms filled out by our users. Try our powerful builder to personalize these documents to your preferences.Sleek
Rielly – Black Digital Rectangle Alarm Clock
$59.95Price Match Guarantee
or 4 fortnightly payments of $14.99 with
– Selling Points
In stock in Moorabbin VIC or ready to ship
Want it delivered by Tuesday, November 30?
Order now for next business day dispatchPau D’Arco – Inner Bark Common herb from South America used primarily to combat infection & to strengthen the immune system. An infection fighter, good for stress. If you’re getting persistent ketones, regardless of a superb bedtime snack and even a glass of milk in the night, it is best to consider whether you are consuming enough calories. Cleans impurities from the blood. Milkweed – Roots. Used for inflammatory rheumatism, dyspepsia & scrofulous conditions of the blood. Very stress-free. Used to calm nerves & blood pressure. Kava Kava Root – Will induce sleep & help calm nervousness. The first study charted the changes of gene expression in a variety of mind cell sorts after FGF1 injections, whereas the second appeared into how different mind buildings help to sustain diabetic remission. Park on the facet of the road and use the assistance at hand and get well within a moment’s time. Wintergreen Leak – Old time remedy. Peppermint (Mentha Piperita) – Leaf Extract The most effective identified herbal remedy for stomach problems. Yohimbe – Acts as a natural aphrodisiac for both males & girls. Kelp – High content of pure iodine, for correct operate of the thyroid.
It will not be as excessive as different components of the state… Strawberry, Wild (Fragaria) – Rich in Vitamin C & minerals. Wild Cherry – Tones up the system. Wild Alum Root – Powerful astringent for the physique. Marshmallow Leaf – Helps heal & soothe inflamed areas of the physique. Asthma can improve with this herb. Milk Thistle Herb – Excellent liver detoxifier. Guards towards alcohol induced fatty liver disorders as well as hardening of the liver. Stimulates the action of the liver to clear toxins from the physique. Removes putrefactive toxins from the intestines. Thyme Leaf – Removes mucus from the pinnacle, lungs & respiratory passages. Saw Palmetto Berry – Relief for mucus in the pinnacle & nose. Healing & soothing effect on the mucus membranes. Has splendid impact on glandular afflictions. The treatment has a pronounced antalgic impact. Uva-Ursi Leaf – Most reliable remedy for bladder & kidney infections.
Licorice (Glyeyrrhiza Glabra) – Roots Acts as a soothing treatment for aggravation within the higher respiratory tract. Also useful in treating inflamed membranes in the stomach, bowels, kidney & urinary tract. Taken in small frequent doses, it is going to stimulate the stomach, coronary heart & respiration. Controls hemorrhaging of stomach, lungs, uterus, kidneys, after childbirth & extreme menstruation. Motherwort – Top-of-the-line treatments for suppressed menstruation & different feminine troubles. Will appropriate irregular menstruation. Will expel worms when every thing else fails. Red Lobelia was utilized by the Indians for syphilis & expelling intestinal worms. Thought to be efficient towards gout, bladder gravel, kidney difficulties & intestinal worms. Used for kidney & bladder infections. Prolonged use is claimed to dissolve bladder stones. The use of certain supplements & herbs could cause allergic reactions in some folks. Many individuals use natural extracts who’re unable to swallow capsules. Capsules: Capsules are the most popular manner herbs are taken. If that’s not doable, there are treatment choices available. Good for allergies & immune diseases. Used to enhance the immune system. Relaxing to nerves & complete system. Soothes the complete digestive tract. When the kidneys are functioning correctly, all the physique will feel better & the skin will look a lot clearer.
Simply, do this goal weight calculator to maintain yourself in a great body weight range. Externally, red clover is efficacious in treating skin circumstances comparable to psoriasis, shingles & acne. Red Clover (Trifolium Pratense) – Blossoms Excellent for bronchial congestion. The same old amount is a teaspoon of leaves, blossoms or flowers to a cup of boiling water. Lobelia – Leaves, flowers, seeds & stem. Parsley (Petroselinum Satirum) – Leaves, Roots, Seeds An excellent diuretic. Prince’s Pine – Well famous for producing diuretic motion without irritant unwanted side effects. Yerba Santa – Excellent for bronchial congestion, as well as all chest situations. Works properly for all bowel complaints. Nettle tea is sweet for colds & fevers. Fomentations: A fomentation is an external software of herbs, typically used to deal with swellings, pains, colds & flu. Now being used to treat depression. A tea made from roots was used for stomach trouble & in stronger potions to deal with & heal open wounds. Deep restful sleep sleep when taken as a tea. Makes a great poultice for bruises. Good for expelling phlegm from throat & chest. Good for colds,, hoarseness, inflammation of the lungs & whooping cough.Producer Steven Bochco Dies At 74
Emmy-Winning Producer And Writer Steven Bochco Dies At 74 Of Leukemia
- Producer Steven Bochco died at 74 on Sunday, 1st April.
- The cause of death of the producer has been identified as Leukemia.
- He was diagnosed with the disease in 2014.
- The producer had won ten Emmy awards.
The Emmy-winning producer Steven Bochco has passed away after years of battle with leukemia. He was aged 74.
Bochco's personal assistant Phillip Arnold announced the Hill Street Blues producer died Sunday morning at home, surrounded by family members.
Arnold said in the statement,
Steven fought cancer with strength, courage, grace and his unsurpassed sense of humor. He died peacefully in his sleep with his family close by.
Bochco was diagnosed with leukemia in 2014 and had undergone a stem cell transplant where he received bone marrow from an unknown 23-year-old donor. In 2014, he said in a report about his treatment as
It's a bolt out of the blue, and completely unexpected.
He continued,
It's the last thing in the world you expect when you spend your whole adult life basically working out to be healthy.
In 2016, Bochco wrote in his memoir Truth is a Total Defense: My Fifty Years in Television,
I think about life and death differently than before. I treasure life more and fear death less. Life and its complications are simpler or me, no. I don't sweat the small stuff, as they say.
Many actors and celebrities have been expressing their sorrow and condolences on Twitter since the tragic news broke.
Bochco had won prestigious Emmy Award for 10 times where his credits included Hill Street Blues, L.A. Law, NYPD Blue, M.D., and Doogie Howser.The New York Times: Benjamin R. Barber, Author of ‘Jihad vs. McWorld,’ Dies at 77
May 1, 2017
NOMIS scholar Benjamin Barber has died at the age of 77. Barber was a political theorist, champion of decentralized democracy and author of several books, including “Jihad vs. McWorld.”
Barber was the founder and president of CivWorld, an initiative hosted by the Center on Philanthropy and Civil Society at the CUNY Graduate Center in New York City. From 2013 to 2015, NOMIS supported CivWorld’s pioneering efforts to establish a “global parliament of mayors” based on Dr. Barber’s book, “If Mayors Ruled the World: Dysfunctional Nations, Rising Cities,” as well as various other research activities related to CivWorlds’s Global Interdependence Initiative.
Read the full article
Send via email
Print pageEA revives WWII-era codebreaking with Battlefield Enigma
We all know that EA enjoys creating games as much as they love playing them. It appears EA have created a game of their own based on the World War II message encryption machine named Enigma. If you head over to the unlisted EA page, you will find a screen with five simple icons to guide your curiosity.
Of course, any would-be codebreaker who scored higher than a 0 on their ASVAB will see that the circles with the binocular and headphones icons are the only clickable items. After navigating through the login screen and into the first puzzle, you'll be presented with eight boxes. The boxes are filled with the characters "X 0 6 R 5 R S Y" — this is a ciphertext.
The basic idea behind cryptography is that every character written in ciphertext represents a corresponding character in plaintext — the original, unencrypted message. During the Second World War, Germany's secret messengers weakened the strength of a ciphertext by constantly using the same words in the exact same order for every message. When these weakly encrypted messages were intercepted, the repeated pattern proved an easy way for British code-breaking experts to translate seemingly scrambled communications. EA's puzzle, however, isn't so simple. The page only provides extremely cryptic clues, like a this picture of a partly-opened bookcase.
A little bit of internet sleuthing later, I broke the code by definitely not searching through Reddit. My precision employment of Google-Fu didn't result in breaking into the German intelligence network, but rather revealed that I had a chance to win a trip to this year's Gamescom convention in Germany. While a free trip to the world's largest gaming convention is a straightforward reward, the breaking of the real Enigma code opened up an ethical dilemma.
Using the troves of decrypted messages, Allied intelligence experts were now able to piece together the German military's movements and, therefore, would be able to outmaneuver them. The overuse of such information, however, would undoubtedly tip off the enemy to the fact that their encryption system was broken and needed to be changed.
The brain of the Enigma machine. Using this plugboard, which is located below the keys, was used to swap letters. It supported up to 13 connections — here, only two, 'S' with 'O' and 'A' with 'J', have been made.
Unfortunately for American gamers, it appears that only those in certain regions are eligible to have their gamescom-related travel expenses covered by EA. In a way, this situation also mirrors what happened historically during the war. The US was largely excluded from the highly secretive, British-led, Enigma code-breaking process.
This is region restriction is only good news if you happen to already be stationed in South Korea, Japan, England, or Australia, otherwise you'll need to pull out some real code-breaking alongside some serious cash to afford entry to the already nearly sold-out convention.
- Hitler's secret Nazi war machines of World War II - We Are The Mighty ›
- The 11 eeriest unsolved mysteries of World War II - We Are The Mighty ›
- The Enigma encryption machine (video) | Khan Academy ›
- How Alan Turing Cracked The Enigma Code | Imperial War Museums ›
- BBC - History - Enigma (pictures, video, facts & news) ›gotta keep writing
So I’ve been trying to get into Joash’s backstory. Instead, he tried talking to me about valences and bonds and how attachments work. All well and good and something I should figure out how to explain, but most of it went, to quote Hanson, “over my head instead of into it.” I’d rather it had done the latter.
Meanwhile, the cherubic middle brother remains recalcitrant when it comes to opening up to me about his past.
I could try to focus on the remaining two brothers’ back stories. Except … Yuri pretends to be asleep and Nathan’s head is in a book pretending he can’t hear me. I know they both can. Joash, too. Stubborn lot, the three of them.
Still, I’ve managed to keep writing something, although most of it is unusable drivel.
On the fanfiction front, I’m still editing my friend’s story, about 5 chapters to go in that. And I need to start incorporating edits into my own upcoming story and get the pages ready for posting. And I need to find time to catch up on some other reading in the fandom. Lots to keep me busy, or rather, to keep me distracted from other work.
Hope everyone has a pleasant and relaxing evening!
Yay for writing! Boo that they’re being stubborn! Hope that they start talking to you!
And eek! I need to get editing. Eternally and forever behind.Location:
Somerset, England
Sector:
Management & Executive, Project Supervision & Management
Job type:
Salary:
£40000 - £50000 per annum
South West Recruitment Team
Contact email:
cvbristol@1ststepsolutions.co.uk
Job ref:
RP-MECH PM_1637079118
Published:
10 days ago
Expiry date:
2021-12-16
Startdate:
ASAP
Consultant:
South West Recruitment Team
1st Step Solutions Ltd (M&E Recruitment Specialists)
We have the following position in the Somerset area
Required: Mechanical Project Engineer/Project Manager
Location: Somerset (flexible/home working x1 day p/w)
Employment: full time & permanent
Salary: £40-£50k p/a
Project sizes: £350-£750k
Duties: Overseeing the installation & design of commercial & industrial heating & plumbing contracts across the region
An opportunity has arisen to join one of Somerset's leading commercial heating & plumbing contractors, established for over 50years they are now looking to add an additional Mechanical Project Manager or Engineer to the existing team.
Job Description:
Specialising within Design & Installation of commercial & industrial plumbing, heating, ventilation, water & biomass systems across sectors including Leisure, Manufacturing, Retail, Healthcare, Education and Central & Local Government.
This role is suited to a Mechanical Project Engineer or Manager in a business delivering multiple projects between £350k - £750k. Working in a design and build environment specialising in HVAC installation.
Basic/Key tasks (but not limited to):
Working in a busy team/office you will work focus on projects you are allocated to.
Acting as the client's point of contact, you're not only responsible for the successful delivery of the onsite works but also those onsite who work indirectly for you day to day.
Effectively manage the onsite labour for the project setting targets & goals and ensuring they are completed effectively, safely and correctly with management and engineering teams.
Complete progress reports for up-line submittal, including reviewing the work of others.
Manage all day to day tasks offsite for the role, project paperwork and the like
Working with the Operations Manager and providing technical assistance on variances / changes to the project where requested.
Act as onsite liaison with the client, ensuring the client is both informed and happy
Attend DTM's with the clients and contractors, set goals, achieve goals and communicate as require within the wider project team.
Proactively manage the projects alongside the design appointments and Pre-Construction team.
Procure materials and equipment throughout the buying process.
Remain responsible for the timely delivery of the tasks allocated to you within the department.
Ensure that KPI's for sub-contractors and consultants are completed.
Create, issue and manage the construction programme.
Project document control, accessing and managing this process across projects to all sub-contractors and contractors on the project
Provide general in business support to other departments as directed.
Services offered by this company:
Mechanical services, combined mechanical & electrical services, domestic heating, plumbing, air conditioning & ventilation, solar heating, ground source heat pumps, air to water heat pumps, rainharvesting systems, biomass boilers & delivery systems, CHP systems and underfloor heating.
How do I apply?
If you require any additional information please contact our Bristol team on 01173326633.<<Founder and CEO of Pakistan's first private #space company, The Rocket and Satellite Company, Sami Ullah Khan took to #Twitter to announce, "Although a lot of work have to do but still on 14th August 2020, I will share the expected date/ timeline of our 1st launch. InshaAllah".
The company's main goal is to offer cheap solutions in three areas. It wishes to improve space launch systems, satellite manufacturing and ground segment. It has said it hopes to focus on providing low-cost space technology and use a space debris solution to minmize the risk of of satellite and spacecraft collisions with debris in space.).
Ananda Ellis★★★★★Does all the work for me. Codes I didn’t even know existed that other “money saving apps” didn’t find. But Honey did!! Saved me $10 on what was a $90 order. And thats just one purchase.
Need a great deal on a haircut and salon services? Get up to 70% off at Groupon when you get coloring packages, haircuts, hair extensions, and hair services. Save up to an extra 30% off with a Groupon promo code.
Enter Groupon promo code at checkout and get an extra 20% off things to do, restaurants, spas and other local deals. Some restrictions apply. Valid on 1 Local unit per transaction, max 3 uses. Exclusive and non-transferable. Max $50 discount per.
The lookup endpoint returns the location of the discount code in the location header, not the DiscountCode object itself. Depending on your HTTP client, the location of the discount code might follow the location header automatically. shopping online sites cheap including delivery....
Find the promo code box on the right-hand side of the purchase page. Insert your Groupon offer code here. Click on “Apply” to make sure that your discount is subtracted from your order total. Press “Place Order” once your savings have been taken into consideration..
“discover amazon deals credit card with free amazon prime”).
One Reply to ““discover amazon deals credit card with free amazon prime””!
Need a great deal on a haircut and salon services? Get up to 70% off at Groupon when you get coloring packages, haircuts, hair extensions, and hair services. Save up to an extra 30% off with a Groupon promo code.
Meet the latest sports bra silhouette from Nike: the zip-front. The zipper doesn’t just look cool; it also makes it easy to slip on and off, no wiggling and stretching required. Explore the collection today!.Search results for: Amr Emam
12 Collocation Assessment between GEO and GSO Satellites
Authors: A. E. Emam, M. Abd Elghany
Abstract:The change in orbit evolution between collocated satellites (X, Y) inside +/-0.09 ° E/W and +/- 0.07 °Procedia PDF Downloads 226
11Procedia PDF Downloads 377
10 Performance Assessment of GSO Satellites before and after Enhancing the Pointing Effect
Authors: Amr Emam, Joseph Victor, Mohamed Abd Elghany
Abstract:The paper presents the effect of the orbit inclination on the pointing error of the satellite antenna and consequently on its footprint on earth for a typical Ku- band payload system. The performance assessment is examined both theoretically and by means of practical measurements, taking also into account all additional sources tracking 11m and fixed 4.8m transmitting antenna before and after the implementation of the pointing corrections.
Keywords: satellite, inclined orbit, pointing errors, coverage optimizationProcedia PDF Downloads 242
9 Effect of Thermal Radiation on Flow, Heat, and Mass Transfer of a Nanofluid over a Stretching Horizontal Cylinder Embedded in a Porous Medium with Suction/Injection
Authors: Elsayed M. A. Elbashbeshy, T. G. Emam,: laminar flow, boundary layer, stretching horizontal cylinder, thermal radiation, suction/injection, nanofluidProcedia PDF Downloads 250
8 51 214
6: MIMO communication, BER, space codes, channels, alamouti, V-BLASTProcedia PDF Downloads 85
5 Impact of Bacillus subtilis Exotoxins on Fecundity, Sex Hormones and Release of Schistosoma mansoni cercariae in Biomphalaria alexandrina Snails
Authors: Alaa A. Youssef, Mohamed A. El-Emam, Momeana B. Mahmoud, Mona Ragheb
Abstract:Schistosomiasis, also known as bilharzia, is a disease caused by a parasitic trematode worm called Schistosoma. Biological control of the snail intermediate hosts of Schistosoma is one of the promising methods for eliminating this disease in Egypt. The molluscicidal activity of exotoxins secreted from Bacillus subtilis bacteria was studied. The effect of these exotoxins was studied on the fecundity of Biomphalaria alexandrina snails the intermediate host of Schistosoma mansoni; the fecundity includes the reproductive rate (R0) of B. alexandrina snails and levels of sex hormones (progesterone, testosterone, and estradiol). Moreover, the cercarial production of S. mansoni was determined. The results showed a significant reduction in the egg-laying capacity of the treated snails after exposure to sublethal concentrations ( LC10 and LC25) of B. Subtilis exotoxins; this reduction reached 70% at LC25. Moreover, B. Subtilis exotoxins' significantly suppressed the cercarial production of B. alexandrina snails. It is concluded that the exotoxins of Bacillus subtilis bacteria play an important role in the interference of the Schistosomiasis transmission, hence should be applied in the strategy of schistosomiasis control.
Keywords: schistosomiasis, Biomphalaria alexandrina snails, Bacillus subtilis bacteria, fecundity, sex hormonesProcedia PDF Downloads 38
4 256
3 452
2 Assessment Proposal to Establish the First Geo-Park in Egypt at Abu-Roash Area, Cairo
Authors: Kholoud Abdelmaksoud, Mahmoud Emam, Wael Al-Metwaly
Abstract:Egypt is known as cradle of civilization due to its ancient history and archeological sites, but Egypt possess also a cradle of Geo-sites, which qualify it to be listed as one of the most important Geo-heritage sites all over the country. Geology and landscape in Abu-Roash area is considered as one of the most important geological places (geo-sites) inside Cairo which help us to know and understand geology and geologic processes, so the area is used mainly for geological education purposes, also the area contain an archeological sites; pyramid complex, tombs, and Coptic monastery which give the area unique importance. Abu-Roash area is located inside Cairo 9 km north of the Giza Pyramids, which make the accessibility to the area easy and safe, the geology of Abu-Roash constitutes a complex Cretaceous sedimentary succession mass with showing outstanding tectonic features (Syrian Arc system event), these features are considered as a Geo-heritage, which will be the main designation of ‘Geo-parks’ establishing. The research is dealing with the numerous geo-sites found in the area, and its geologic and archeological importance, the relation between geo-sites and archeology, also the research proposed a detailed maps for these sites depicting Geo-routes and the hazardous places surrounding Abu-Roash area. The research is proposing a new proposal not applied in Egypt before, establishing a Geo-park, to promote this unique geo-heritage from hazardous factors and anthropogenic effects, also it will offer geo-educational opportunities to the general public and to the scientific community, enhancement of Geo-tourism which will be linked easily with the Ancient Egyptian tourism, it will also provide a significant economic benefit to Abu-Roash residential area. Finally, the research recommends that The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organizations promote conservation of geological and geo-morphological heritage to list this area for its importance under the umbrella of geo-parks.
Keywords: geo-park, geo-sites, Abu-roash, archaeological sites, geo-tourismProcedia PDF Downloads 192
1 39Hookup Sites For Older People – Ashley Madison is referred to as a fast connection website for people who are wed or otherwise engaged in a other relationship, and their motto is.
Life is brief, have an affair which completely describes what their site is everything about.
It is a terrific site to jump on and to look into if you ‘re trying to find any sort of relationship, even if it is an one-night stand, Ashley Madison is personal and discreet because it requires to be it isn ‘t a reasonable website.
And with over 50 million users, you can actually see undoubtedly that they ‘re a big website and they ‘re likewise extremely successful.
Are you even sure that this is the kind of website that you want to check out? Perhaps you ‘re in fact looking for something else and you ‘re? Just uncertain what it is yet thankfully online for love has a terrific online dating site quiz that you can take in order to limit what what dating website that you would need.
Is it Ashley Madison? There ‘s so many choices out there, and thankfully this test will help you choose.
Link is in the description listed below in order to make this site review simpler.
I ‘ve broken it down into 5 different categories.
Those 5 categories are the ease of use, the features, the cost, the user base and the success rate.
Let ‘s start with number one on our list, which is the ease of usage.
Ashley Madison is actually really simple to use as a site, as well as an app which is offered in both the ios apple store and the google play store.
The apps also include some actually cool special features, but we ‘ll get into that later.
The members of nationally Madison say the website is extremely easy to utilize and it is exceptionally uncommon that the website is ever down or buggy or anything like that in this review of Ashley Madison, I ‘m going to be discussing both the app and the site and Prior to this years earlier, i would have just wanted to discuss the website, due to the fact that the app was so horrid at that time, however they ‘ve really cleaned up and it ‘s truly easy to utilize in fact 37 million users.
Information got out into the public.
It was a bad year for hacking and even another popular site, adult pal finder ended up getting hacked too, but much like any other company that gets hacked, they attempted their best to fix the issue and now they ‘ve, even doubled and I ‘d state trickled down on The quantity of security that is available in making an account, so i personally feel really safe and secure and typically using Ashley Madison, and I ‘m not stressed over my information going out now that it was an issue in the past they ‘re really putting all their attention towards it.
To ensure it never ever happens again, together with the increased security Ashley Madison comes with your typical functions that any other website would include.
As far as it comes.
The sign up procedure is pretty easy: you sign up and then you rub and create up your account and then you start attempting to make contact with other people.
You discover your buddy and after that you do your thing.
If you know what i imply, the profile you produce does not require a lot try and hide your identity.
Having less information on your profile, however, might make your account not appear as interesting other users, which indicates you should really deal with your talking video game and thankfully online for love, has some great guides on how to interact with other individuals on dating apps.
In the description down below Ashley Madison has a really expert setup with their site, and their app has significantly enhanced from what it as soon as used to be.
It actually has some actually cool functions in their app as well, where you can really change the icon on your phone to something more discreet, and even when notices get popped off, you can personalize what you want that message to state so that it may mean something Different to you, when you see it, but it looks completely innocent when somebody else may be looking over your shoulder at your phone, however the app and the website allow you to utilize various search and filter features.
So you can look for things like height age, hair color.
Among other things, the site is also an excellent place to find cougars as well, which means that the site is actually quite useful if you ‘re, single and looking for those kind of things.
You don ‘t have to be somebody who ‘s, wed and looking to dedicate an affair.
Next on the list is we ‘re going to talk about the cost, so it ‘s in fact completely totally free for both females and men to make an account on the site and to make matches.
You really need to purchase credits in order to message, even if it is an one-night stand as far as costs go, it can differ per each nation due to the local currency.
For this video i ‘ll use the prices, i had the ability to discover within the united states as a benchmark, however put on ‘t be surprised if you discover that the prices you look up do vary so using the united states as a standard.
It will cost you 49.
for 100 credits, 149 for 500 credits and 249 dollars for 1000 credits.
So now that we ‘ve spoken about the features and the expenses and the use of the site itself, who is on the website what other users like and what are they? Searching for it doesn ‘t take long to discover somebody who may be looking for what you ‘re searching for on the website – and this is specifically true if you ‘re in a big city and you ‘re attempting to be discreet.
But if you are people who are trying to try to find having an affair, a casual sex or hookup or any other comparable kind of raw thing.
If we were to take the user base and divided it up by the countries that the people are situated in number one is the united states number two? Is spain and number 5 is the united kingdom, but it is noted, however, that the portion of users is continuously changing since you ‘re having individuals who are creating accounts and then regretting it and then erasing accounts.
And then individuals are making more in one area and less in another location, so it really does change a lot, however that ‘s beautiful basic to where most of the users are in fact located on the site.
As i said earlier, the male to female ratio is great for everyone.
The site truly does market itself as a website.
That ‘s searching for people to have a side affair, which is someone who is already in a relationship but if we ‘re being truthful, there ‘s really tons of various kinds of people who are on the site and because the site is understood for being really discreet.
There ‘s also people who are single on the website who are wanting to use it and not actually attempting to let other individuals understand that they ‘re, single and looking so they ‘ll use this site in order to hide their identity.
There are likewise individuals who are just actually interested in only talking to married people, despite the fact that they are single themselves and there ‘s constantly the choice for them to do that on this site.
I think what I ‘m trying to say is is not everyone on this website.
Are people who are trying to commit affairs or do any misbehavior and if there ‘s one rule that everybody should follow, it ‘s that, if you wear ‘t wish to injure somebody, if you put on ‘t wish to hurt the person that you ‘re with and you don ‘t want to lose their trust, Then, just don ‘t dive onto the website seeking to do that, you ought to truly be honest with what you ‘re trying to find and how you ‘re going to go about this and don ‘t set about it the incorrect way.
So, in the end, i believe Ashley Madison is a fantastic site and i believe that for its specific niche it is truly dominant in its field.
I believe the downsides that it has are actually unrivaled to the amount of success and the quantity of functions that it can supply to its users having millions of users.
You truly can ‘t fail.
It brings lots of flirty men and women together to have the time of their lives which ‘s practically undeniable if you have actually utilized this site before, please, let me understand in the description below i would like to hear your experience, whether or not it ‘s an excellent One or perhaps it ‘s a bad one, i would like to simply hear what you men have to say.
Perhaps you had attempted Ashley Madison prior to and you truly weren ‘t that effective with it, therefore you didn ‘t have the best profile, perhaps and your communication skills weren ‘t.
That great thankfully online for love is here to help you and we have some terrific guides in the description down below on making a terrific online dating profile on having the ability to flirt and date online and interact.
That method on having the ability to see which dating site is the very best one for you.
Maybe it ‘s grindr tinder, who understands, however there are a lots of guides and tests for you to take in the description down below for free.
I would extremely advise that you inspect them out.
Are you even sure that this is the kind of website that you want to look into? Possibly you ‘re in fact looking for something else and you ‘re? Just not sure what it is yet luckily online for love has a terrific online dating website quiz that you can take in order to narrow down what what dating site that you would require.
There ‘s so numerous alternatives out there, and fortunately this test will help you decide.
Is spain and number 5 is the joined kingdom, however it is kept in mind, though, that the portion of users is continuously changing due to the fact that you ‘re having people who are developing accounts and then regretting it and then deleting accounts. Hookup Sites For Older Peoplewatch 02:07
Spider-Man: No Way Home Trailer Dropped - The Loop
Do you like this video?
Play Sound
Mickey Cuts Up is a Mickey Mouse short that debuted on November 30, 1931.
Synopsis
Mickey and Minnie are next-door neighbours.
Characters
Home video releases
VHS
- Mickey's Family Album (colorized)
Laserdisc
- Mickey Mouse: The Black and White Years - Volume One
- Mickey's Family Album (colorized)
DVD
- Walt Disney Treasures: Mickey Mouse in Black and White
GallerySnip snap snickle-snackle
Judith Nicholls
Published
1990
by Mary Glasgow
.
Written in English
Edition Notes
Snip! Snap! EN Snip Snap! What's That? Bergman, Mara EN Snot Stew EN Snow Baby, The EN Snow Day McNamara, Margaret EN Snow Joe EN Snow Lion EN Snow Spider, The 85 EN Snow Treasure McSwigan, Marie EN Snowballs EN Snowbird, The Calvert, Patricia EN Snowboarding EN Snowboarding: Check It Web view. PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN: DEAD MAN'S CHEST ,53/dead-man-s-chest-script,html.
辞書・百科事典カテゴリの索引「S」ページ目。例えば、sneck posset、sneck possets、sneck up、sneck-bend、sneck-bends、sneckdraw、sneckdraws、snecked、snecket、sneckets、などの用語があ Tamony, Peter (), Collection, (C) linear feet, 12 records, 89 audio tapes, 2 audio cassettes Word Files Series. The Word Files series comprises over boxes of examples of word and phrase usages, which are arranged in alphabetical :// :// Full text of "A glossary of words pertaining to the dialect of mid-Yorkshire; with others peculiar to lower which is prefixed on Outline grammar of the mid-Yorkshire dialect" See other
Silurian reefs in southwestern Indiana and their relation to petroleum accumulation
Recovery from Crisis
Romeo and Juliet the lovebirds
The rise of the working-class
British Rail scrapbook, 1948
Star Mans Son
Marketing the law firm
The Second character of an informer
Machining Fundamentals
Reach inventory
System of surgical anatomy.
beauties of Cobbett
Alfred Chapleau.
Mineral occurrences and exploration potential of southwest Western Australia.
Voyager 2-47
A term that comes from Frisky Dingo, Season Two Episode Also relates to boosh meaning pwned. Snip snap just means 'Oh Snap!' And, as cleared, ://?term=snip snap. Judith Nicholls has written: 'What's in the parcel?' 'Knees up!' 'Caterpillars Can't Fly (Story to Share)' 'Midnight forest and other poems' 'The Earth Does Not Belong to Man' 'Snail Song' 'Snip Snip, Snap, Snout.
- a Waldorf reader for extra lesson work. Poortvliet, Rien. Gnome Songs board book. Price, Colin. Let'd Do a Play!. Let's Sing and Celebrate. Original Songs for Seasons and Festivals; For Kindergarten thru 12th Grade. Snip snap snickle-snackle book Pusch, Ruth.
:// (dialect) Suppressed or sly laughter; snigger. Chandra Calton, You are welcomed: Just bring your heart, →ISBN, page I undress while listening to the snickles on the other end.Mel Bergstresser, Humour For All Ages, Occasions, and Celebrations, →ISBN: The teacher heard laughter and snickles in his area so she went to check what was Snickles Book Nook - Snickles Brand Snickles Club - Snickles Editing Services Snickles Heating and Plumbing - Snickles Moviecast Snip Snap Thats A Rap- Photography by Casey - Snip Snap Time to Scrap Snip Snap and Snur - Snip Snap and Snurr Snip snap garden services - Snip snap hair saloon; Snip snap snop - Snip snip België/Belgique; Snip snip India - Snip snip Magyarország; Snip snip it’s Maggie - Snip star; Snip the Boys Fundraiser - Snip the duck; Snip to Shore Hair Salon - Snip traders pvt.
ltd. Snip trip - Snip und die Suche nach den magischen Schlüsseln; Snip x gaming We all need to come together. Play Sporcle's virtual live trivia to have fun, connect with people, and get your trivia a live hosted trivia game for your favorite pub trivia experience done virtually.
If a virtual private party is more your thing, go here for :// Snickle Fritz - Snickle Fritzz; Snickle Pickle Baby Wear - Snickle and Mr.B; Snickles Kids - Snickle-n-Fritz Snickles Book Nook; Snickles Brand - Snickles Club; Snickles Editing Services - Snickles Heating and Plumbing Snip Snap Studios - Snip Snap Thats A Rap- Photography by Casey; Snip Snap Time to Scrap - Snip Snap and Snur Accelerated Reader Quiz List - Reading Practice; Quiz No.
Title. Author. Book Level. Points. EN: Come Here, Tiger. Moran, Alex: EN: Ice Is Whee Longest Running Campaign –D&D I have completed 2 full campaign recaps, and have partial shorter recaps for two additional ones. Some of my friends who actually participated in these campaigns have read them and urged me to fully write up the events from our longest running campaign.
I am not entirely sure how to summarize this sequence of ://?The-Big-One-Campagin-Log/page7. Definition from Wiktionary, the free dictionary. User:Brian | Hotlist.
Jump to navigation Jump to search:Brian/Hotlist/S5. Back to AR Home Accelerated Reader Quiz List By Author updated 4/17/ A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z de; Quiz No.
Title. Author. Book Level -ha ha h ah ah ah aha ha ha -snip -snap -snippy -a -snickle-tee -DOO. Back to top. Reply. Replies (3) Options Top. Replies (3) 0 8. Hobnail Georgia Fan ATL Member since Oct posts.
re: Gday->Sweetwater fest Posted by Hobnail on 2/1/19 at am to Jefferson :// Accelerated Reader Quiz List - Reading Practice; Quiz No. Title. Author. Book Level. Points; EN: School Days: Rockwell, Anne: EN: th Day Back to Home Accelerated Reader Quiz List By Book Level Updated by 04/17/ Book Level: & up Quiz No Whois Field Value; Country: GB: Creation Date: Thu, 30 Jan GMT: Creation Date: TZ[UTC] DNSSEC: signedDelegation: Domain Name 3.
Using a pair of sharp, clean scissors, snip each caramel square into four little squares (for easier melting). Place 4 little squares (1 caramel) in each muffin tin on top of the almonds. Bake at °F (°C) for 8 minutes until the caramel starts to melt. Place in fridge to cool for several minutes.
Remove caramels from muffin SnugSnap: Close the gap in a snap - SnugSneakers SnugSquare - SnugStop SnugStorr - SnugSuit SnugTV: 史拿哥 談電視 - SnugToes SnugWire Frick - SnugZ USA SnugZ USA - SnugZzz Snug_Da_Barber - Snug_home Snuga Bug Sleep - SnugaBoos The Medallions' Call.
Pirates of the Caribbean x Inuyasha Crossover Story. The Medallions' Call Chapter 6. Edited: 07/31/ AN: For reading comfort this story has been edited and previous author's notes and older comment replies have been :// This banner text can have markup.
web; books; video; audio; software; images; Toggle navigation. there is a horse and rider; the soldiers :_Dead_Man's_Chest.
Accelerated Reader Quiz List - Reading Practice; Quiz No. Title. Author. Book Level. Points; EN: Days of Cool: Murphy, Stuart J. EN: Category: Fairy Tale Consonant "G": Goose (gave, girls, give, gold, golden, good, goodness', goose, greeting, grey, grimm) The Golden Goose - by The Brothers Grimm - translated by Margaret Taylor () There was a man who had three sons, the youngest of whom was called Dummling, and was despised, mocked, and put down on every occasion.
It happened that the eldest wanted to go into the ?.Which bank should I choose?
Get personalized bank recommendations in 3 easy steps.
When you think of credit unions, you may think of rigid membership requirements that leave you on the outside looking in. While that may be the case with some credit unions, many on this list have flexible requirements that open the door to anyone.
Credit unions are known to offer a unique set of benefits such as free checking accounts, competitive yields on deposit products and a more personalized, customer-focused banking experience.
Bankrate analyzed and scored credit unions across the nation based on a variety of factors including product selection, APY offerings, account fees, mobile features and more. If you’re considering joining a credit union, start your search here.
BEST CREDIT UNION
Alliant Credit Union
For the third year in a row, Alliant Credit Union has been named Bankrate’s best credit union. The Chicago-based credit union is best known for its consistently high rates, extensive fee-free ATM network and easy membership eligibility requirements.
Top savings account: All of Alliant’s deposit products offer competitive APYs, but its savings account stands out from the rest.
Large ATM network and generous fee rebates: Customers have access to over 80,000 fee-free ATMs and up to $20 in monthly ATM fee rebates.
Free checking and savings accounts: Alliant doesn’t nickel and dime its customers with fees or minimum balance requirements.
Easy to join: You can become a member of Foster Care to Success (FC2S) to become eligible for Alliant membership. Alliant will pay a $5 membership fee to FC2S on your behalf.
Randolph-Brooks Federal Credit Union
Randolph-Brooks is a Texas-based credit union and one of the largest in the state with more than 800,000 members.
The credit union primarily caters to those looking to earn competitive yields on certificates or money market accounts. RBFCU offers a range of certificate terms, doesn’t charge monthly service fees and has an extensive free ATM network.
Competitive APYs: RBFCU offers a range of certificate terms and two money market accounts that pay strong yields.
No monthly service fees: Members can enjoy free checking, saving and money market accounts.
Large ATM network: Members have access to nearly 30,000 free ATMs through the CO-OP network.
Connexus Credit Union
Connexus Credit Union is based in Wisconsin and primarily serves customers in the Midwest, but its products and services are available nationwide.
Connexus doesn’t charge monthly maintenance fees, and minimum deposit requirements to open accounts are either low or nonexistent. Additionally, the credit union makes it easy for customers outside of the Midwest to join.
No-fee banking: Connexus doesn’t charge monthly service fees on its deposit products.
Large ATM network and generous fee rebates: Customers have free access to more than 54,000 ATMs and may qualify for monthly rebates for fees incurred at out-of-network ATMs.
Easy to join: A one-time $5 donation to the Connexus Association is all it takes to be eligible for membership.
Navy Federal Credit Union
Navy Federal Credit Union is regularly praised for its high-quality customer service for millions of military members and their loved ones. It also offers a variety of products and services with competitive rates and noteworthy perks such as free ATM access, no monthly service fees and a highly rated mobile app.
24/7 customer service: U.S. customers can reach a customer service representative by phone 24/7 or use the live chat feature.
Competitive yields: Navy Federal offers a range of CD terms and a money market account that all offer strong APYs with manageable minimum deposit requirements.
Large ATM network and generous fee rebates: Customers have free access to more than 30,000 ATMs and are eligible for $10-$20 in ATM rebates per statement cycle.
American Airlines Federal Credit Union
If you or a family member is an active or retired member of the airline industry, then American Airlines Federal Credit Union may be a good choice for you.
The credit union offers a range of CD terms, checking accounts and savings accounts. Where AAFCU really shines is its competitive APYs, fee-free products and convenient branch footprint.
Competitive APYs: Members can earn a competitive APY on the credit union’s deposit products, particularly with the 12-month CD.
Fee-free products: None of the deposit products charge a monthly fee, and the minimum deposit requirements are manageable.
Convenient banking: AAFCU has branches in most major U.S. airports and is a part of the CO-OP network of ATMs and shared branches.
Bethpage Federal Credit Union
Bethpage Federal Credit Union is ideal for Long Island, New York residents, but its extensive fee-free ATM network makes it accessible to those outside of the region as well. Bethpage offers a high-rated free checking account that offers the ability to earn interest. Another area where the credit union shines is its highly rated mobile app that lets you do everything from create a budget to search for transactions.
Rewards checking: Customers can earn a competitive yield on their free checking account when meeting certain criteria.
No membership restrictions: Membership is open to all U.S. citizens, with no special restrictions.
Highly rated mobile app: Bethpage’s app has high ratings from users of both iOS and Android devices.
Lake Michigan Credit Union
Lake Michigan Credit Union is a full-service credit union headquartered in Grand Rapids. It has flexible membership requirements, making it easy for anyone to join. Members can earn a competitive APY on checking balances below $15,000. Lastly, the credit union’s accounts require modest deposits to open, making them accessible to a range of savers.
Easy to join: If you don’t meet the primary membership requirements, you can make a $5 donation to the ALS Foundation and become eligible.
Interest checking: Max Checking account holders can earn an eye-popping APY on balances below $15,000.
Low deposit requirements: The credit union’s CDs, checking accounts and savings account require a modest amount to open and earn interest.
Patelco Credit Union
Patelco Credit Union is a full-service credit union serving members in Northern California. Patelco offers competitive yields on its money market account and certificates. Additionally, the credit union also offers a highly rated mobile app and hosts webinars to help members learn more about managing their finances.
Competitive APYs: Members can earn a highly competitive yield on the money market account and certificates, and the minimum deposit requirements are very low.
Highly rated mobile app: Customers have access to a highly rated app on both iOS and Android devices.
Customer education resources: Patelco regularly hosts webinars to help members learn more about improving their financial situation.
Quorum Federal Credit Union
Quorum is a New York-based credit union that serves members nationwide. It’s easy for anyone to become a member. Quorum is a digital leader and offers members modern bank technologies like digital wallets. Additionally, members have access to more than 90,000 fee-free ATMs nationwide.
Easy to join: All it takes to join Quorum is becoming a member of the American Consumer Council or the Select Savers Club.
Digital leader: Members can enjoy mobile perks, like Apple Pay. Quorum offers customers access to plenty of digital features, like Apple Pay, Samsung Pay and Google Pay. Both iOS and Android apps also receive high marks from users.
Extensive ATM network: Customers have free access to more than 90,000 ATMs nationwide.
Pentagon Federal Credit Union
Pentagon Federal Credit Union was traditionally a banking option for members of the U.S. Armed Forces and employees of certain associations and government departments. However, after a merger with Progressive Credit Union in 2019, it now gives anyone the opportunity to join. The Washington, D.C.-based credit union stands out thanks to its competitive yields and low minimum deposit and balance requirements. Additionally, its flexible membership requirements make it accessible for anyone looking to join a credit union.
Competitive APYs: Members can earn yields that are well above average on the credit union’s savings account and certificate products.
Low minimum balance and deposit requirements: Low deposit requirements make PenFed’s accounts accessible to a range of savers.
Easy to join: If you don’t meet the primary membership requirements, you can gain eligibility by signing up for one of dozens of organizations, such as the Marine Corps League or the Air Force Association.Book: A Pocket For Corduroy
Author: Don Freeman
Type: Boardbook
Ages: 1-4 years
What readers like about this book: This is one of the cutest toddler adventure illustrated books you will come across! Who thought a pocket or the absence of it would lead to so much fun…
All the other books in this series are available here on Amazon.Write a Review! Buy on Amazon!If you’re new here, you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed.
The Gateway FPD2275W would have been the absolute choice of LCD screen lovers had it been provided with more customer-friendly attributes. The Gateway FPD2275W offers a good quality picture presentation; however, in order to make a difference from other similar products of the same value, it has to go a step forward in its usability features.
The base of the Gateway FPD2275W is heavy, about 12 pounds, and it hosts a number of ports for video and USB products. However, it does not offer a DVI cable that is necessary for all users. The LCD screen stand is made of metal. It gives the necessary support to the screen and the associated connections. Still, it misses an important feature, the flexibility. The screen can be tilted to only one side. It does not have the controls to rotate or swivel. And worse, you cannot adjust the height. If it is convenient for you to accept it as it is, go for it. The Gateway FPD2275W is available for a price range of $340 to $350. Otherwise you have an option of paying another $70 to get a stand that offers all the flexible adjustments and four USB 2.0 ports. It is not a heartening offer for a normal user, though.
The Gateway FPD2275W 22-inch screen wears an adorable look with its sturdy build and touch-sensitive controls. You are tempted to give it a touch to feel its goodness. Be careful; it is provided with touch sensitive controls. And they are too sensitive. They demand your careful handling. Your fingers will roll over the onscreen menu playing acrobatics, and you will soon realize that they are beyond the human patience level. You are relieved for one reason – that you don’t use them often. The Up and Down buttons are a real frustration too.
The Gateway FPD2275W is rich in video connectivity. It has dedicated ports for VGA and DVI connections to PC and small laptops. Apart from this it contains one upstream USB 2.0 port and four downstream USB 2.0 ports.
The display of the Gateway FPD2275W is HDCP compliant; it is an appreciable feature that is being added in the modern LCD screens in order to broadcast secure contents through them. The Gateway FPD2275W screen resolution, however, is not up to the mark. Compared to the competitors’ 1080 pixels output, the Gateway FPD2275W offers a resolution of 1,680 X 1,050. The screen comes with a backlight problem also. The light gets reflected on the top and bottom edges of the screen often, especially when the display is rich in colors.
The last but most important aspect that concerns the credibility of a product is its service and support. The Gateway FPD2275W lags behind its competitors in its short warranty period. It offers a warranty of one year whereas all the other LCD monitors are offered a standard warranty of a minimum of three years. If you wish to avail the three years’ warranty, be ready to shell out another $29. It seems that the Gateway FPD2275W is made only for the manufacture’s profit; not for your comfort.I wanted to let everyone know that The Literary Word of the Day, a Facebook page that “talks authors, books, and word games” contacted me last week, asking if I would do a “cyber interview” for their site. I can tell you it was humbling, and of course I jumped at the opportunity. So they provided some questions, I answered, and they will be featuring me on their page tomorrow. They even made this cool image to promote the interview:
So please come on out tomorrow, leave a comment, and let me know you were there. Give the site a “like” too, if you like what you see.
Link:
Thank you all for the generous support. It is incredibly humbling.
W.E.Have you ever tried to describe the taste of orange to someone? That is exactly what going through River School was like, not to mention living in The Yard
During my time in Haines I became a Wilderness First Responder, earned my Swift Water Rescue certification, and learned how to read and navigate a river. Everyday, rain of shine (spoiler alert it only rains in Haines) you rowed.
The Yard; a paradise perfectly fit for Peter Pan and the lost boys. Equipped with rows of dilapidated, gutted out busses, broken down vans, small shacks covered with tarps, and a small city of tents. At center front you have The Warehouse, which houses one of two bathrooms, and one small shower for all 30 of us.
There is no manual, class, or job that could prepare you for that.
Therefore I present to you the most obscure life hacks and lessons I learned during River School and living in The Yard.
1. You will never be dry.
This is a fact of life while living in the yard. No more, no less. You will wake up damp and you will fall asleep damp. You might try to fool yourself by decorating the inside of your car or the inside of your tent with all your socks hanging about, but alas they will never dry.
2. Save your bagel bags.
Although we wear these rad river boots that can quite frankly make any average human feel like a total badass from the show Deadliest Catch, you will occasionally get a Booter. When that glacially fed river water finds its way from the outside of your boots, to the inside.
How do you over come such a defeating feeling? You pull out your extra pair of dry (slightly damp) socks and the old empty bagel bag that you saved or fished out of the trash and slip both on, a foot condom if you will. Now take your new Everything Bagel Foot, shove it in your boot and get back to rowing!
3. If you wear sunglasses, no one can see you cry.
If you remember from my earlier post, I like to think of myself as “navy seal tough”. Does this mean that I don’t cry? No this just means that I hide it and continue the activity while crying. High side a boat? Bash every knuckle open on the cobble rock beach from holding onto a rope to save a run away raft? Almost knock an instructor out from running into a log? Go ahead and cry; you’ve got your sunglasses on. Cry all you want, just don’t get blood on the oars.
4. The bicycle kick to put your pants on.
I will say that this one I learned myself and I feel as though I have a formal obligation to spread my new found wisdom. If you are in fact in a position where you cannot stand but still need to put your pants on just do the following.
Get your pants up to you’re your ankles, then while laying on your back start to bicycle kick your legs, they will magically start to rise to the crease where your butt cheeks meet your legs. Then with a simple lift of the hips, your pants are on! You are now ready to conquer the day!
5. Fire brings people together.
A fire will not only leave you with 20 more new holes in your puffy, but feeling more connected to the people around you than ever before. Take away the wifi, tv, and constant droning noises that fill our lives and we’re left with a special opportunity. The sun starts to set and the dirt bags crawl out of their broken down buses and tents, drawn to the orange glow of embers crackling. No matter our differences we all seem to find ourselves sharing the same spot and the same moment. This inescapable trait that is woven into our bones can connect more people from different backgrounds than anything else.
Looking back, now that I’m moved into a house in Skagway, living with 15 other people, I can say without a doubt my time in Haines will not go forgotten. The grueling days on the river, the slower pace of a small Alaskan fishing town, and the lessons that came with it all are wrapped up in a nice bagel bag with a six-pack of PBR. It might rain a lot in Haines, but I promise you there was a lot of growth.
-Shelby LynnExcellent efficient service from point of order to delivery. Delighted with my purchase which arrived very well packaged. I would not hesitate in placing further orders with Aristocrat
Eton Single Jersey Contemporary Fit Shirt Dark Green
RRP £140.00 Now £112.00
Eton Single Jersey Contemporary Fit Shirt Dark Green
RRP £140.00 Now £112.00
Eton's soft jersey shirt combines the best of two worlds: comfort and a smart look. Cut from lightweight, very supple cotton jersey with great drapability and luster. A button-under collar adds versatility, for a shirt you can dress down for an effortless casual look or up for a semi-formal style.
Please select a size:
Stock Alert
Please alert me via email when this product is back in stock.
Technical Information
100% Cotton
Delivery and Returns
100% Cotton
Size Guide
EtonEp. 107 - The History of Golf
MP3•Episode home
Manage episode 278359137.
The most sophisticated golf show in the free world. This episode features guest Josh Morris, editor of GolfHistoryToday.com. Do you know your golf history?
- First Up
- Bo Kim suspended. Korean golfer Bio Kim received a three-year ban from the Korean Tour after giving a fan the middle finger at a tournament over the weekend. Kim held a one-shot lead at the DGB Financial Group Volvik Daegu Gyeongbuk Open when he teed up at the 16th hole. During his downswing, a phone camera sounded from the crowd, prompting Kim to flip off the fan for the interruption after his errant shot.
- Is Top Golf good for the game?
- The Conversation - Josh Morris Editor of GolfHistoryToday.com
- - Would you consider yourself a golf historian or just a lover of the facts?
- - When do you see the "change in mainstream golf" really happening? Arnie/Jack/Tiger
- - Is there a particular story/fact/historical data that surprised you when you discovered it?
- - When did the traditions of Masters begin?
- Masters honorary starters/Skip the ball over the 16th? Kids on the course for par 3? All white caddy uniforms?
- - What will people say about our game today in 50 years?
- - How influential was Bobby Jones to the game of golf outside of creating The Masters?
- - The first tournament was in 1860, what do you attribute the strength of this sport after all these years?
- The Clubhouse
- Hack Rule/Etiquette Question
- What do you think of the “I can only take a…” person? So for instance, you are trending towards a 7 or 8 but because of your handicap, you put down a 6.
- Close and preview
- Go to StickandHack.com and read a different perspective of the stories of golf, including Diary of a Hack, the thoughts of a madman golfer weekly. Sign up for FREE membership and get free stuff and become a member of the greatest golf club in the world, without the course. Follow us on social and see why we are quickly becoming the golf obsession for the golf obsessed.
62 episodesmoroseduck Posted April 13 Share Posted April 13 Hey folks, beginner questions here but we all have to start somewhere, right? Changed my rear spark plugs today, and they were oily, and the electrode was very thin. Also some oil visible around where they screw in. The bike is (well, was) running well with no starting issues or lumpiness so should I just leave well be and check my plugs regularly, or is action needed? Secondly, with regards to the front plugs the Haynes manual says to unbolt bottom fixing of radiator and swing forwards to "improve" access. Is this a joke, there's no way I'm getting a plug out of that gap, thinking I'll have to unbolt and pull radiator fully forwards, or am I just being a chump? All help much appreciated 😁 Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.Many Deaths Still Expected With Earth-Penetrating Nuclear Weapons
A nuclear weapon that is exploded underground can destroy a deeply buried bunker efficiently and requires significantly less power to do so than a nuclear weapon detonated on the surface would, says a new report from the National Academies' National Research Council. However, such "earth-penetrating" nuclear weapons cannot go deep enough to avoid massive casualties at ground level, and they could still kill up to a million people or more if used in heavily populated areas, said the committee that wrote the report.
"Using an earth-penetrating weapon to destroy a target 250 meters deep -- the typical depth for most underground facilities -- potentially could kill a devastatingly large number of people," said John F. Ahearne, committee chair and director of the ethics program at the Sigma Xi Center of Sigma Xi, The Scientific Research Society, Research Triangle Park, N.C.
Many countries use underground facilities to conceal and protect military personnel, weapons, and equipment. Most of these facilities are beyond the reach of conventional explosive weapons and can be destroyed only by nuclear weapons. Earth-penetrating weapons have been considered as an alternative to conventional nuclear weapons because they could destroy such targets with up to 25 times less energy than weapons detonated at the surface.
The weapons' lower power would produce two to 10 times fewer surface casualties, but they still would lead to a large number of deaths and injuries, the report says. Fatalities could be further reduced if military commanders warned of an attack in time for people to evacuate. Commanders could also take advantage of wind conditions to minimize civilians' exposure to fallout. But a nuclear weapon burst in a densely populated urban area will always result in a large number of casualties, the committee emphasized.
Most of the weapons' destructive effect on a target is achieved at a depth of three meters. Beyond that depth, the weapon may fail, the committee said. Significant explosive power is needed to destroy targets located as deep as 400 meters, the report notes. For example, a 300-kiloton earth-penetrating nuclear weapon has a high probability of destroying a target 200 meters below, but a 1-megaton weapon is needed to destroy a 300-meter-deep facility.
The committee also examined the possible effects of using conventional or nuclear weapons to destroy chemical and biological weapons depots. Except for the BLU-118B thermobaric bomb -- a conventional bomb that can target a shallowly buried facility and destroy it with high pressure and heat -- conventional weapons are not likely to be effective in destroying chemical or biological agents, the report says. In a nuclear attack on a chemical weapons facility, far more civilian deaths will likely be caused by the nuclear blast itself than by the resulting dispersal of chemical agents. In contrast, the release of as little as 0.1 kilogram of anthrax spores, for example, would result in a number of fatalities similar to those caused by a 3-kiloton earth-penetrating nuclear weapon.
The study was sponsored by the U.S. Department of Defense's Defense Threat Reduction Agency. The National Research Council is the principal operating arm of the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Engineering. It is a private, nonprofit institution that provides science and technology advice under a congressional charter. A committee roster follows.
Source: National Academies- Release Date 2014-03-24
- Label Younan Music
- Catalog YM113
Donnie Lowe returns to Younan Music, this time with production partner Michael Gin as Lost Pieces. Seven Tracks E.P full of deepness & sonic grooves. Also featuring Patrick M & Carlo Gambino on remix duty. * () () ()
Release
Music from Extraterrestrials
- Michael Gin, Donnie Lowe, Lost Pieces, Patrick M, Carlo Gambino
- Release Date 2014-03-24
- Label Younan Music
- Catalog YM113
-.
3 thoughts on “Tavis Coburn Prints”
Hi there, I’m wondering if you may be able to tell me the nameof the font Tavis coburn uses on his site? I’m absolutely in lOVE with it, and must have it, but can’t for the life of me name it!
Kyreena, not sure what face that is but try this tool. I might help you out.
Some of it’s in Trade Gothic. Bold condensed I think.Internal checks within the production chain, carried out by technicians from the Consortium du Jambon de Bayonne. La fabrication du Jambon de Bayonne en vidéo. Chairman (Président) M. Pascal Bonnin. Jambon de Bayonne - by D'Artagnan. 14 mai 2020 - Découvrez le tableau "Jambon de Bayonne" de Elisa guionneau sur Pinterest. Instructions: 358 posts; 6,234 followers; 991 following; Bayonne Ham Jambon de Bayonne is one of Europe's most famous cured hams. A common moniker is “French prosciutto,” but this cured jamon is distinct from its Italian cousin. Eventually, I’m deposited at the tent of the Consortium du Jambon de Bayonne, the ham’s defending authority. Sold Out. 6,234 Followers, 991 Following, 358 Posts - See Instagram photos and videos from Bayonne Ham (@bayonne_ham) bayonne_ham. Bayonne ham. Pork chops and vegetable pan By Noemie Here is a simple and quick way to fix your chops. Prepared using traditional methods. Send This Page To A Friend. Upsell Item . It isn't advertised but it's ALL DAY on Monday *big plus* They also offer free corkage too. Seal (a lauburu) on every Bayonne ham. This impressive-looking asparagus salad recipe is actually very easy to make. Jambon de Bayonne is often called the King of French Cured Ham. General Information - HARAGUY-JAMBON DE BAYONNE. 8 cornichon gherkins. Add to Cart . Whole // 1 Whole per Case Jean de France + Comments + Specifications + Directions + Features. Our countdown to Valentine's Day has begun - a ten day shopping event sure to surprise & delight you - come back daily to see our delicious offers.. DAY FOUR: 20% OFF Select STEAK & CHOPS. Currently unavailable. Ingredients: 1 baguette, cut in half (serves 2) 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard. Nothing is kept secret, since confidence in any product is based on transparency, allowing time for all the different stages to be completed, all of which play an essential rôle in the maturing of Bayonne … 12 lb. 3 ounces Jambon de Bayonne, or aged prosciutto. 2 slices espresso/lavender rubbed cheese. Les Trois Petit Cochon's French Style Ham is made with Amish pork, delicately spiced, slowly cooked in its own juice, and wrapped in its skin. M. Eric Humblot. Fonte: GURI n. 27 del 03/02/2020 La Maison du Jambon de Bayonne - Route de Samadet 64410 Arzacq; 05 59 04 49 93; boutique@jambon-de-bayonne.com; Ouvert du lundi au samedi 09H-12H30 – 14H30/18H Jambon de bayonne - Cora. 59 Camembert2 de Normandie Juust Juust 60 Canard à foie gras du Sud-Ouest (Chalosse, Gascogne, Gers, Landes, Périgord, Quercy) Värsked, külmutatud ja töödeldud lihatooted Töödeldud paridilihatooted 61 Comté Juust Juust 62 Emmental3 de Savoie Juust Juust 63 Jambon de Bayonne Kuivsoolatud lihatooted Sink Contact people - HARAGUY-JAMBON DE BAYONNE Download the executives list. Jambon de Bayonne can also be crisped in a lightly oiled pan and crumbled over salads, potato dishes, or soups. 21 janv. A set of internal checks carried out by each operator to ensure the compliance of their production. Previous deals can still be yours for 10% OFF - use code STILLYOURS in cart.. SHOP STEAK & CHOPS SHOP OTHER … While it's not essential, it does add a subtle kick to the otherwise mellow flavors of this salad. Prodotti a base di carne (cotti, salati, affumicati ecc.) Place is big, right in the Twitter building on Market… Jambon de Bayonne. Export area. See more ideas about party shop, fancy dress accessories, balloons. We don't know when or if this item will be back in stock. Jamon de Bayonne is a delicate and complex cured ham. Barcode: 3257986058335 (EAN / EAN-13) This product page is not complete. Registration and authorisation for all operators in the Bayonne Ham production chain. Voir plus d'idées sur le thème recette asperges, recette, cuisine. 1-2 Roma tomatoes, sliced. $13.00/Each . Bayonne ham or jambon de Bayonne is a cured ham that takes its name from the ancient port city of Bayonne in the far southwest of France, a city located in both the cultural regions of Basque Country and Gascony. After browning the chops, you just add a handful of mix vegetables before briefly cooking them. See all 1 Musee du Jambon de Bayonne tours on Tripadvisor Jambon de Bayonne at Bon Marche Brasserie & Bar "Came here this past Monday for dolla oysters! If you book with Tripadvisor, you can cancel up to 24 hours before your tour starts for a full refund. South Korea, China. Last Update: 2016-05-25 Usage Frequency: 2 Quality: Reference: Anonymous. French. Just note, the hams saltiness is concentrated when it’s cooked. There is a special secret to the unique taste of this ham that gets its name from one of the most beautiful cities in France, Bayonne. The culinary pride of Southwestern France, it’s not a reach to think of jambon de Bayonne as the Champagne of ham. Natoora Jambon de Bayonne - A 14 month air dried ham, from pigs born and bred in the Bayonne region. Voir plus d'idées sur le thème jambon de bayonne, bayonne, nourriture. Site Director/Manager (Directeur de Site Pôle Jambon) Parma ham carpaccio. JAMBON DE BAYONNE BAGUETTE. Nutritional Facts. But, in fact, this regional staple is by far the most popular dry-cured ham in the whole country. French style prosciutto Naturally cured Dry aged for a minimum of 12 months No preservatives or additives Customers also shopped for. Mar 26, 2020 - Explore The Ultimate Party Shop's board "Wedding Ideas" on Pinterest. Product Documentation (PDF) Print this page. Asia-Pacific. Description About Discounts. We recommend booking Musee du Jambon de Bayonne tours ahead of time to secure your spot. You can help to complete it by editing it and adding more data from the photos we have, or by taking more photos using the app for Android or iPhone/iPad. Bayonne Ham or Jambon de Bayonne is an air-dried salted ham. 2014 - Découvrez le tableau "Recettes asperges" de Les Jardins Dugre sur Pinterest. Carpaccio de jambon de Parme. Bayonne Ham is a revered and protected air-cured ham produced in … In no time, your lunch will be ready. - We source our Bayonne ham direct from a third generation producer its IGP region of southwest France, on the border with the Basque country. 2 romaine lettuce leaves. Unsurprisingly, every chalkboard menu lists the namesake jambon de Bayonne. It has PGI status. Authentic French dry-cured ham. This is "Jambon de Bayonne // La Baie des Champs" by Groovy Baby on Vimeo, the home for high quality videos and the people who love them. Making Jambon de Bayonne--Step 4.jpg 800 × 600; 184 KB Restaurant la Vieille-Auberge - Chez Dédé (Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port) - jambon basquaise.jpg 2,816 × 2,112; 1.4 MB Sceau jambon de Bayonne.jpg 288 × 248; 115 KB The result of a thousands years of expertise in raising pigs and curing their meat has resulted in a product that its website describes as a “flower of French gastronomy” (yes, with its “protected geographical indication,” the jambon de Bayonne has its own website). … Use code CHOPOX in cart.. 2 tablespoons olive oil. High in flavor, but low in salt, 3,066 Followers, 908 Following, 111 Posts - See Instagram photos and videos from Jambon de Bayonne (@jambon_debayonne) Jambon de Bayonne The Ham of the Basque The nearest airport is the Pau Pyrenees, located in the commune of the department of Pyrenees-Atlantique, our entry into the Basque country and the place our search for the treasure called Jambon de Bayonne—one of the most exquisite dry-cured hams in the world—begins. Piment d'Espelette is a sweet, spicy ground pepper from the Basque region of France. 10 DAYS OF SWEET DEALS! After quickly boiling the asparagus, the same water is used to soft-boil the eggs. The special salt that is used in the curing process comes from the Salies du Bearn where for centuries the salt has been panned directly from the River Adour. All year long, the Maison du Jambon de Bayonne allows you to discover the history, culture and more than a thousand years of traditional know-how of its dry cured meats and Bayonne Ham which for a very long time was the only source of food savings before the development of sterilization processes, pasteurization and use of mechanical cooling systems, not to mention salt from the Salies-de … Follow. - Made using local pigs fed on native grains grown on the same farms. Jambon de Bayonne $13.50 Save $-13.50. May We Suggest? Shipping & Delivery. Product Code: JE1005. Sarrade propose aux professionnels des métiers de bouche trois origines de jambon aux saveurs uniques et à la traçabilité irréprochable : le mythique Jambon de Bayonne, l’authentique Jambon des Pyrénées et le caractère du Jambon des Pyrénées de Porc Noir. Your order will be carefully packed in a box insulated with biodegradable foam, along with ice packs to maintain proper temperature. Jambon De Bayonne 3oz. FRANCIA – Comunicato relativo alla domanda di modifica della denominazione registrata Jambon de Bayonne IGP – Classe 1.2. Jambon de Paris, a decadent creation by Les Trois Petits Cochons, is made according to the traditional French charcuterie recipe for cooked ham. English. 1/4 teaspoon Herbs de Provence.
Claudia Tagbo Films Et Programmes Tv, Kit Haltère 50 Kg Decathlon, Surf Açores Débutant, Mince Alors Synonyme, Claude Giraud Et Sa Femme, Il Me Regarde Avec Insistance, Exercice Acoustique Bts, La Creusille Blois,. Continue reading 2016 Fiat 500 EasyUniversal Works Pleated Track Pant - Black
Universal Works
Regular price £100.00 Sale price £125.00
Very loose, draw-cord, elasticated waist, tapered pant.
'Kharma Cotton' is a black and ecru marled fabric created using hard-wearing cotton yarns. It has an almost vintage, workwear feel, with a warm, smooth finish.
• REF: 25141.
• Very loose, tapered pant.
• Elasticated waistband with drawcord.
• Single front pleat.
• Button fly.
• Two front pockets.
• Two rear pockets: one button flap, one buttoned single jetted.
• Washcare: Wash at 30 degrees. Do not bleach. Do not tumble dry. Warm iron. Do not dry clean. Wash like colours together. Do not iron decoration.
• Fabric Content: 100% Cotton, 100% Cotton trim.Country music singer and songwriter Luke Combs is coming to Jacksonville with special guests Ashley McBryde and Drew Parker! This concert will be Friday, October 29th, 2021 at the Vystar Veterans Memorial Arena at 7 PM.
You may be offline. Please check your connection and try again using the Retry button.New Delhi: Composer Shamir Tandon has created an anti-piracy song to spread awareness about intellectual property rights. Sung by seven singers, including legendary Asha Bhosle's 10-year-old granddaughter Zanai, it will be released Thursday on the occasion of World Intellectual Day.
Titled ‘Salaami ho jaye,’ which means saluting the creative fraternity and respecting them by paying for their creativity, the song has been written and composed by Tandon. It has been produced by Universal Music India in association with Flipkart.com
‘I.
IANSOne of our favorite tea providers has come up with this tantalizing malty black tea infused with tart lemon peel, and we can't get enough of it.
Queen Victoria was one of the first to enjoy her cup of tea with a slice of lemon, and we love how the citrus offsets the natural molasses notes in this expertly blended tea.
Try it in its purest state without the addition of milk to really enjoy its complexities.
Ingredients: Black tea, lemon peel, lemon verbena, and natural flavoring.Origin: Multiple Origin BlendCaffeine: HIGHNollywood actress, Uche Ogbodo has said she will never leave her baby daddy even if another man wants to marry her..My name is Brittany, I have four children and each child is named after a tree. I knew when having children I would need to equip them with strength and roots, like a tree. In a world full of division, I hold to the faith that we can still find common ground to dig our roots into. The more we discover who we are created to be, the more we discover we are all connected by love. Together we stand taller and stronger like a beautiful colorful forest. My content has been curated for the freedom-loving individuals, who strive to maintain a culture of truth and unity. May we deeply root ourselves in the foundations of freedom and truth, unwavering amongst the storms, unbending to the tides, we will fight against the divide. Together, we build a culture which we are proud to raise our children in. There are no sheep here, only lions.November 2021 Headlines
UK officially bans Hamas in its entirety as a terrorist group
Hamas urges Hebron unrest in reaction to Israeli president's planned Hanukkah visit
Ex-Mossad chief says Israeli strikes on Iran nuclear sites 'must be on the table'
US says it'll amp up pressure on Iran if it does not start cooperating with IAEA
'US won't launch a single military operation against Iran,' former official says
Iran accuses UN nuclear watchdog of 'discrimination,' bowing to West's pressure
Iranian police fire tear gas at protesters demanding response to drought
UAE general accused of torture elected Interpol president
Protesters storm Lebanese ministry building as country's currency sinks to new low
As Crisis in Ethiopia Unfolds, Biden Admin Prepares for a Second Afghanistan
US 'deeply concerned' after Bulgarian president refers to Crimea as 'Russian'
Ukraine's Zelensky alleges Russia plotting coup against him for next week
NATO chief warns Russia on troop build-up
Russian military buildup puts Washington on edge
U.S. says 'all options' on the table over Russian troop build-up near Ukraine
Mud could help decide timing of any move by Russia against Ukraine
Ukraine wants more exercises, training with US
Amid fears of Russian attack on Ukraine, Moscow sends fighter jets to patrol inside Belarus
Rep. Tenney China 'Worse Than the Soviet Union' of the 1980s
Lithuania Urges Europe to Increase Indo-Pacific Ties in Face of Chinese 'Coercion'
U.S. lawmakers visit Taiwan to meet with local officials, despite warning from Chinese Embassy
China slams Biden's Taiwan invite to democracy summit; threatens 'those who play with fire get burned'
China Carried Out 'Combat Readiness Patrol' as US Lawmakers Visited Taipei
US Vulnerable to Electromagnetic Attack From Adversaries Such as China, North Korea: Experts
US picks Raytheon unit to develop anti-hypersonic missile
A former Raytheon missile defense engineer: He Leaked U.S. Missile Secrets. It Turned Into 'a Dark Comedy of Errors.'
France Lashes out at Britain's Latest Proposal on Migrants
'We Need to Work': Hundreds of Migrants Form New US-Bound Caravan in Mexico
Mike Lindell's Promised Election-Reversing Lawsuit Turns Into 96-Hour Pillow Sale
FBI solicits Thanksgiving dinner tips for Capitol riot suspects
New evidence in parade massacre shines uncomfortable light on media, bail-reforming prosecutors
Woke 'experts' say it's racist to use the term 'looting'
Woke Salvation Army Asks Donors to Offer 'Sincere Apology' for Whiteness: Christians Must 'Evaluate Racist Attitudes'
Republicans point to number of times Garland has politicized the Justice Department
Pollak: Everyone Likes the Jury System, Except Joe Biden and the Left
Biden Debuts New Strategy to Avoid Taking Questions from Reporters
CME produced by filament eruption expected to reach Earth on November 27
Solar storm warning: Met Office 'expects radio and GPS issues' within hours: 'Significant'
Large asteroid stronger than nuke heading towards Earth late December
5.8 magnitude earthquake hits the Vanuatu region
5.7 magnitude earthquake hits the Izu Islands, Japan region
5.3 magnitude earthquake hits near Hihifo, Tonga
5.1 magnitude earthquake hits near Chazuta, Peru
Nevados De Chillan volcano in Chile erupts to 14,000ft
Suwanosajima volcano on Japan erupts to 11,000ft
La Palma volcano in the Canary Islands erupts to 10,000ft
Rare Red weather warning issued for Storm Arwen, U.K.
Severe hailstorm hits Klerksdorp, South Africa
Severe flood hits Malta during one of the country's worst storms ever
Canberra's rainiest November on record
Thousands without power in Southern California as fierce winds fuel potential wildfire threat for 17 million people
Climate Change Activists: Ditch the Turkey, Put Crickets in Your Pie Crust on 'Non-Religious' Thanksgiving
Vatican Newspaper: 'Only Gender Equity Can Make Violence Against Women Disappear'
Madonna criticized Instagram for removing a post showing her nipple and called censorship of breasts 'astounding'
Madonna slams Instagram for removing body photo, calls move 'sexism': It 'nourishes the baby!'
Instagram head Adam Mosseri to testify before Congress amid mounting criticism over child safety
Florida man charged with 1,200 counts of sexual assault and incest with minor
Ghislaine Maxwell's trial starts Monday. Epstein victims say she was central to his scheme.
Maxwell's brother says US prosecutors seeking to 'break' her
Epstein Victim: New Mexico Ranch Where Clintons Stayed "Had Computer Rooms the Size of Houses" to Spy on Guests
President Biden Had Benign but 'Potentially Pre-Cancerous' Polyp Removed During Colonoscopy
Navarro: I Told Trump to 'Strangle That Fauci Baby in His Crib'
Scientists produce new antibiotics by gene editing
Antibodies mimicking the virus may explain long haul COVID-19, rare vaccine side effects
Yesterday's Conspiracy Is Today's Medical Journal Headline: NEJM Explains How COVID Vaccines May Produce Spike Proteins that Lead to Myocarditis
Musician, 40, suffered brain haemorrhage 'induced AstraZeneca Covid vaccine', inquest hears
It has a name: New COVID variant causing global alarm dubbed 'Omicron'
Omicron COVID Variant Possibly 500 Percent More Infectious Than Delta
All Four Botswana "Nu" Variant Patients Were Fully Vaccinated
Fears new Botswana Covid variant could evade vaccines
Worst-ever Covid variant will make vaccines 40% less effective
Omicron COVID-19 variant: Pfizer, BioNTech say vaccine could be reworked in 100 days to counter strain
Novavax Testing Vaccine That Targets New COVID-19 Variant
Oil drops 13% in worst day of 2021, breaks below $70 as new Covid variant sparks global demand concerns
Bitcoin enters bear market territory as risk assets plunge on new Covid variant
Dow tumbles 900 points for worst day of year on fears of new Covid variant, S&P 500 drops 2%
Boeing, airline stocks tumble as new Covid variant spurs travel curbs
WHO cautions against travel limitations over new COVID variant, Omicron
Fauci: US Must Study Data Before Deciding on Travel Ban Over New COVID-19 Variant
Biden South Africa travel ban announced hours after Fauci said White House didn't know enough to implement ban
U.S. to Restrict Travel from 8 African Countries over Coronavirus Variant Fears
Flashback: Biden suggested Trump's coronavirus travel ban was 'xenophobic'
Europe moves to halt flights from southern Africa over worrying COVID variant
Israel detects its first case of new, highly mutated COVID-19 strain
Israel warns of 'emergency' after detecting new virus strain
Europe scrambles for COVID control with boosters, shots for kids
5 Reasons Why Top Indian Experts Think Covid Vaccine For Children Is A Bad Idea
Tensions emerge over redefining the fully vaccinated
Agency score card: Who met Biden's vaccine mandate deadline and who didn't
'False sense of security' around COVID vaccines: WHO
FDA says Merck COVID-19 pill is effective, experts will now review safety concerns
Merck's COVID-19 pill significantly less effective in new analysis
CDC Director Rochelle Walensky Lauded the Success of China's 'Really Strict' Lockdowns
German air force to transfer COVID patients as some hospitals overwhelmed
Netherlands to impose new COVID measures to avoid healthcare breakdown
Austrian Police Officers Rebel Against Proposed Mandatory Vaccines
Shots fired at police, journalists in Martinique COVID riots
Chaos and Rioting Break Out on Solomon Islands in Defiance to Govt-Imposed COVID Lockdowns
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. on the Building Totalitarian State: "This Is Armageddon. This is the Final Battle. We Need to Win This One."
Analyst Seth Denson: Markets Will Be 'Negative' on Further Lockdowns
Supply-Chain Snarls Leave Southern California Swamped in Empty Shipping Containers
Canada releases 50 million pounds from maple syrup reserve amid global shortage
Sitting out the season: A record number of Americans say they won't be buying holiday gifts this year
Flash mob smash-and-grabs continue at high-end stores in Los Angeles
Police Brace for Spread of 'Smash-and-Grab' Robberies Across Heartland
Retailers ramp up security, cities reroute traffic to combat organized theft rings
Commentary: 'Infrastructure' Bill - Does Anyone Still Believe in the Constitution?
Biden's BBB Bill Will Give You $12.5K if You Buy an Electric Car - Unless It's a Tesla, That Is
Many Environmentalists Back Biden's Move to Tap Oil Reserve
Biden facing renewed criticism for cancelling Keystone XL Pipeline amid energy crisis
Stephen Moore: Biden Has 'Declared War on American Energy'
Report: Joe Biden to Recommend Increasing Red Tape, Fees on Oil Industry
As energy prices soar, administration recommends charging more to drill on federal lands
Flashback - Democrats Cut Trump's Replenishment of Oil Reserve when Prices Were Cheap: Strike a Blow to Big Oil
OPEC considers pausing oil production increase after Biden releases more crude
China Non-Committal on US 'Drop in the Ocean' Oil Release
Poland Government Cuts Taxes on Fuel, Energy to Fight Inflation
UAE, seeing 'no logic' in pumping more oil, tests green hydrogen plant
Israel backs off controversial East Jerusalem housing project amid US pressure
Palestinians decry Israeli plan for settlements near Jerusalem
Settlers protest rise in stoning attacks in northern West Bank
Israel scuffles with Belgium over labeling of settlement goods
Danny Danon condemns Belgium's decision to label products from Judea and Samaria
Poland downgrades mission to Israel, says it won't return ambassador
German coalition parties vow to defend Israel's security, fight antisemitism
Algeria says it was 'targeted' by Gantz's visit to Morocco
Israel looking to deepen ties with Morocco, with plans for arms sales, joint drills
Hamas accuses Australia of 'surrendering to Zionists' by banning Hezbollah
IDF accuses Syrian recon officer of aiding Hezbollah on northern border
Gantz says differences over Iran must not upset US ties
Report: Senior Israeli officials warn US against reaching partial deal with Iran
Israel fears US will settle for a 'less for less' Iran nuclear deal - report
'The world won't lift a finger' against Iran, former Israeli national security official says
On eve of renewed Iran talks, UN nuclear watchdog chief says 'no progress' made
US Threatens Escalation With Iran at IAEA Next Month
Turks Abandon the Lira for Dollars as Currency Crisis Deepens
Ethiopia asks U.S. to stop spreading false information on war
At least five killed as huge explosion, gunfire rocks Somali capital
Emirati general accused of torture appointed head of Interpol
Australia deploys forces to Solomon Islands as protesters burn Chinatown, Parliament
France calls for European aid after 27 migrant deaths at sea
Britain and France escalate war of words after dozens drown in Channel tragedy
EU to Slap Sanctions on Belarus Over Migrants
Russian Aggression Against Ukraine Should Lead to EU Sanctions - Merkel
Russia's military build-up near Ukraine is different this time, say experts Access to the comments
Russia launches classified military satellite
CIA chief warns Russians of consequences if they caused 'Havana Syndrome'
A North Korean man who smuggled 'Squid Game' into the country is to be executed by firing squad and a high-school student who bought a USB drive with the show will be jailed for life, report says
U.S. lawmakers coming to Taiwan on military-focused trip
Biden restarting Trump-era immigration policy: 'A lot of the damage has been done,' labor union president says
DeSantis Slams Biden For Removing Marxist Terrorists From Terror List: 'Will Embolden Terrorist Groups'
Bernard Kerik Warns Leftists on J-6 Committee He Has Overwhelming Evidence of Fraud in 2020 Election - "I Think the American People Should Get to See That"
Georgia Governor Releases More Evidence That 2020 Ballots Were Miscounted
Antitrust Tech Bills Gain Bipartisan Momentum in Senate
Amid NSO scandal, Israel said to ban cyber tech sales to 65 countries
Can a Digital Reality Be Jacked Directly Into Your Brain?
Smithsonian's new FUTURES exhibit asks visitors when we'll see 'single global government'
Slow-moving fireball over Los Angeles, California
6.1 magnitude earthquake hits near Hakha, Myanmar
6.0 magnitude earthquake hits near Lata, Solomon Islands
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits the South Sandwich Islands region
Sabancaya volcano in Peru erupts to 18,000ft
Karymsky volcano on Kamchatka, Russia erupts to 14,000ft
Semeru volcano in Indonesia erupts to 14,000ft
La Palma volcanic eruption is now the longest seen on the island in 375 years
La Palma volcano update: New vent reported south of the main cone
Ice sheet in Grimsvotn subsiding, could lead to an eruption, Iceland
Winter rain floods Gaza homes damaged in last spring's war
Syrian Kurds are reviving a decades-past rain ritual in the northern city of Qamishli as the country deals with record-low rainfall
California Power Outages Rise as High Winds Raise Fire Risk
There's a backlash brewing against bail reform after the parade tragedy in Waukesha
Joe Biden Fans Flames, Says Arbery Verdict "Not Enough" to Ensure Equal Justice
Alan Dershowitz's stark warning: Justice system becoming infected by critical race theory
Colleges nationwide mark Thanksgiving with 'Day of Mourning' messages
Indigenous activists want to change a California town's racist name. Officials are pushing back
California Sued Over Law Forcing Appointment of Minorities and LGBT to Corporate Boards
Dave Chappelle praised for 'not bending' in response to transgender controversy: 'Leave the man alone!'
California law allows transgender inmates in women's prisons. Now, female inmates are suing
Hungarian Tycoon Who Made Fortune in Porn Weighs Election Challenge to Orban
Actress Elizabeth Banks Pushes 'Abortion Is Essential Rally': 'Time to Get Loud for Abortion Rights'
Space Pagans and Smartphone Witches: Where Tech Meets Mysticism
Weed lounges are coming to a city near you
Schools Cancel Classes to Give Teachers and Students Mental-Health Days
Scientists detect a new variant in South Africa with 'very unusual' mutations - B.1.1529 is likely to have evolved during a chronic infection of an immuno-compromised person, possibly in an untreated HIV/AIDS patient
WHO calls special meeting to discuss new Covid variant found in South Africa with 'a large number of mutations'
Six African countries to be put on travel 'red list' as scientists raise alarm over 'worst ever' covid variant
Delta Variant May Have "Mutated Itself Into Extinction" In Japan, Suggest Researchers
Special radiation can kill COVID-19 and polio virus, Israeli study shows
Illinois family's attorney says Ivermectin 'working' for grandfather with COVID-19
A Chicago-area judge saved a grandfather's life with the single question that exposes hospitals blocking doctors from using a safe, FDA-approved drug: Why?
There Are Now 365 Studies that Prove the Efficacy of Ivermectin and HCQ in Treating COVID-19
Pfizer Employee Stole 12,000 Files Including COVID-19 Vaccine Secrets, Lawsuit Claims
FDA report shows Pfizer's clinical trials found 24% higher all-cause mortality rate among the vaccinated compared to placebo group
'Bad omens': Optimism over Israel's child vaccine marred by COVID spike - expert
The EU is planning a 9-month expiration date on its Covid vaccine passports
Pentagon violating religious freedom of those sworn to defend it, vax dissenters' attorneys argue
Marines Face Defining Moment Ahead of Vaccine Mandate Deadline
L.A. firefighter accused of wiping butt, leaving fecal matter on non-compliance letter in protest of vaccine mandate
Biden Mandates Vax for Cross-Border Truckers, Exempts Border Crossers
Get Vaccinated if You Want to Participate in Society, Senator Tells Ireland
UK School Asks Pupils to Wear 'Yellow Badge' to Show They Are Mask-Exempt
Fires break out as Covid-19 unrest spreads through French Caribbean
Gov. Newsom Sued For Endless State of Emergency
Fauci's 'dangerous' Thanksgiving message promotes division among families ahead of holidays: Campos-Duffy
CBS Guest: Serve Food to Thanksgiving Guests in Garage While Awaiting Rapid Virus Tests
Liberal news outlet suggests Thanksgiving COVID bouncers to keep families apart
The Atlantic Calls to Use Thanksgiving to 'Deprogram' or 'Report' Conservative Relatives
Kristol: Realize There Was No Thanksgiving Last Year Before Complaining About Inflation
Biden repeats 'America is back' message on most expensive Thanksgiving in history
North American fertilizer shortage sparks fears of higher food prices
Justice Department sues to block big sugar merger, warning of price hikes and supply chain strains
General Mills planning major price hikes on 'hundreds of items across dozens of brands' amid inflation, supply chain crises - some items to go up by 20%: Report
Grocery Chains Begin Rationing Thanksgiving Items Citing Supply Chain Issues
Holiday shopping 'hell': workers brace for unruly customers and labor strikes
Retailers Under Pressure as 'Organized Looting' Eats Into Profits
Inflation isn't just a US thing - Supply chains are screwing with prices for a lot of the world
Israel advances plan for 9,000 east Jerusalem homes in Atarot
Saudis tried to stop UAE-Israel-Jordan solar energy deal
Israel-Morocco defense deal opens door to intel sharing, joint drills
Israel's Lapid to meet Johnson, Macron in Europe as Iran nuclear talks resume
Iranian Nuclear Work Is Becoming a Mystery to Global Monitors
IAEA chief: Talks in Iran fail to resolve dispute over nuclear monitoring
U.N. Nuclear Chief Leaves Iran Without a Deal on Factory Inspection, Diplomats Say
Bahraini FM to Israeli TV: Iran Cannot Be Allowed Nuclear Weapons
US will not 'sit idly' if Iran drags out nuke talks while advancing program - envoy
Top US general says Iran 'very close' to bomb, plans are ready if diplomacy fails
Iran denies cyberattack after its state TV claims dam system targeted
Newly-freed Sudan prime minister defends deal with military, says he made it to 'avoid bloodshed'
Ethiopian PM Abiy Ahmed joins frontline as conflict against rebels intensifies
Libya election commission says Saif Gaddafi ineligible to run after his conviction of war crimes charges in 2015
Christian groups furious at Blinken for removing Nigeria from religious violence list
Afghanistan: Taliban Takeover Shuts Down over 250 Media Outlets After 100 Days
Ukraine takes refurbished US Coast Guard boats amid Russia standoff
The Russian Public Is Being Primed for Another of Putin's Wars
China, Russia Condemn U.S. Military Moves Near Borders, Deepen 'Unbreakable' Cooperation
China's Top Movie Ever Is War Epic About U.S. Defeat
Curfew in Solomon Islands as anti-government protests flare
Lord Frost: Brexit Will Fail if Boris Pushes High-Tax 'European Model'
Just Hours After Selecting New Prime Minister, Failed Budget Vote Plunges Swedish Government Into Chaos
Sweden's first female prime minister resigns hours after appointment after suffering a budget defeat in parliament
FBI acknowledges some agents may have Havana Syndrome symptoms
Biden May Restart Trump's 'Remain in Mexico' Policy by Next Week
Federal Judge Slams Donald Trump, Says Al Gore 'Was A Man' About Election Loss
Trump gives Kerik privilege waiver, wants Jan. 6 panel to see election irregularities evidence
Lawyers Who Challenged 2020 Election Ordered To Pay $187,000 Legal Fees
Racine County Sheriff Files Criminal Charges Against 5 of 6 Members of Wisconsin Elections Commission - First Material Charges Country-wide Related to 2020 Election Theft
Hillary Clinton Coughs Up a Lung on Maddow Show as She Accuses Trump of Running a Coup
Hillary Clinton: Gaslighted Americans Can't Appreciate Biden's Accomplishments
Hillary Clinton: We Need New Laws to Regulate Social Media Companies
Verizon and AT&T offer to temporarily lower 5G's power to avoid aircraft interference
5.2 magnitude earthquake hits near Yonakuni, Japan
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits near Guiyang, China
Sangay volcano in Ecuador erupts to 21,000ft
Fuego volcano in Guatemala erupts to 17,000ft
Santa Maria volcano in Guatemala erupts to 15,000ft
Nevados De Chillan volcano in Chile erupts to 15,000ft
La Palma volcano in the Canary Islands erupts to 14,000ft
Suwanosajima volcano on Japan erupts to 10,000ft
Historic hailstorm hits Alicante, Spain
Record sea-effect snow in northern Japan
San Francisco declares a water shortage emergency and urges residents to cut usage
Joe Manchin Again Urges Biden To Reinstate Keystone XL Pipeline
Babies for Me, But Not for Thee: Prince William Blames 'Human Population' for Loss of World's Wildlife
MSNBC Segment: Remember That Thanksgiving Is a Holiday About Genocidal White People
Salvation Army Wants White Donors to Offer "Sincere Apology" for Their Racism
Biden says despite Arbery verdict, country has not achieved 'racial justice'
Black Lives Matter lashes out at Kyle Rittenhouse after he says he supports the movement
Waukesha suspect rapped about 'Drugs, guns, murder' and 'f--- Donald Trump' and his supporters
Darrell Brooks allegedly 'tried to kill' ex-girlfriend weeks before Waukesha parade
'Sense of Lawlessness': With 500 Killings, 2021 Is Deadliest in Philly History
Tennessee man upset over pizza wait threatens Little Caesars employees with AK-47
White House Emphatically Distances Joe Biden from Rashida Tlaib Proposal to End Federal Prisons
James Comey's Daughter, Involved in Lost Video of Jeffrey Epstein's Alleged First Suicide Attempt, Now On Legal Team Prosecuting Ghislaine Maxwell
Ghislaine Maxwell fights to block Epstein evidence in trial, including address book and sex toy
Chinese Official Accused of Sexual Assault Played Key Role in Setting Up Beijing 2022 Olympics
Santa Claus Is Gay and Falls in Love with a Man Named Harry in Norwegian Christmas Ad
US abortions may be inching up after decades of decline
Texas Clinics Have Seen a Massive Decline in Abortions Since 'Heartbeat' Law Took Effect
Former White House Doctor: 'A Lot Missing' From Biden's Exam, No Cognitive Exam
Trump: Biden Should Take 'Mandated' Cognitive Test
Timeline of how Cuomo hid COVID nursing home death toll while negotiating book deal
Atlas: I Watched The Nation's 'Top Scientists' Lie About COVID And Get Away With It
Robert Kennedy Jr. exposes Gates, Fauci, and gov't collusion in interview with Tucker Carlson
Fauci says changing definition of fully vaccinated to include boosters is 'on the table'
New York Times Admits More Coronavirus Deaths Under Joe Biden 'Despite Vaccines'
Military will help treat Michigan COVID patients amid surge
Delingpole: Australian Army Puts Covid 19 'Close Contacts' Into Quarantine Camps
No Mandates: Kansas Sheriff Uses World Class Antibody Test To Let Employees See If They're Immune From COVID
Report: Airline Passenger Yells, 'Let's Go Brandon' After Arrest for Refusing to Wear Mask
WHO says fully vaccinated should wear masks and physically distance as Covid infections surge
W.H.O. Says OK to Offer Up Children, Adolescents for Vaccination
Sheffield United Star John Fleck Collapses on Pitch During Tuesday Match and Rushed to the Hospital - TV Live Feed Cut when Announcer Asks If He's Had COVID Jab
Germany mulls full lockdown, vaccine mandate
Jim Breuer on Refusing Vaccine Mandate Comedy Clubs: 'I Will Never' Be 'Controlled' by 'Evil Agenda'
Capt. Maureen Bannon: Unvaccinated Military Cannot Travel to See Their Families This Thanksgiving
'America First' Policy Group Backs Lawsuit by Navy SEALs Suing Biden over Vaccine Mandate
2.5 million truckers say they'll quit over vaccine mandate, industry warns Biden
Scammers taking advantage of supply chain issues with fake shopping sites: "It's like a virus"
Amazon Employees Plan Worldwide Global Black Friday Protests, Release Set of Demands for Company
China is joining the US and other countries in tapping emergency oil reserves
Biden oil reserve release an 'ineffectual band aid' that won't replace domestic production, critics say
Abbas meets Putin, seeks Quartet role in peace process
Biden invites Israel to global democracy summit, snubbing Egypt, Jordan, Turkey
Poland, Israel moving toward thaw in ties after four-month freez
US bases attacked in Syria, but no damages or injuries suffered
2 civilians killed, 6 soldiers wounded in Israeli strike on Homs, claims Syria
Syria, Iran chose antisemitism over global food security, Israel charges
Bennett: Israel 'fell asleep' after 2015 nuclear deal, won't be bound by new pact
Ex-Mossad chief Pardo: Bennett has no Iran strategy
Israel digs in heels on military action, warns revived nuke deal won't thwart Iran
Gantz exposes Iran drone bases, says Tehran tried to fly TNT into West Bank via UAV
There was no strategic debate on Iran under Netanyahu, ex-IDF intel chief charges
At Tehran meeting, UN nuclear watchdog chief presses for more access
World running out of time to deal with Iran, UK's Johnson tells Herzog
Lieberman: Deal notwithstanding, Iran will have a nuclear bomb within 5 years
Hezbollah Smuggling Guns to Israeli Arabs for Use in Next War
Australia labels all of Hezbollah a terrorist organization
West and Central Africa have highest numbers of child soldiers: UN report
Children in Lebanon going hungry as economic crisis worsens
Turkish lira in historic 15% crash after Erdogan stokes fire sale
Erdogan Rate Cut Mantra Fuels Worst Lira Streak in 20 Years
India to ban almost all private cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin in new clampdown
Turkey hosts Emirati crown prince as they seek to mend ties
Taliban's new media guidelines ban TV dramas with female actors, make women journalists wear hijabs
A New Republic Is Born: Barbados Celebrates Ditching Britain's Queen
Europe Must Resist Belarus Migrants' 'Blackmail', Austria Says
EU vows unity on Belarus as Poland flags more border incidents
US considering sending extra weaponry to Ukraine as fears mount over potential Russian invasion
Moscow Says U.S. Rehearsed Nuclear Strike Against Russia This Month
Russian, Chinese nuclear bombers flew off coast of Japan, South Korea
A Chinese hypersonic weapon that alarmed top US military leaders fired something off as it sped toward its target
China's Hypersonic Mystery Weapon Released Its Own Payload And Nobody Knows Why
US warship again transits sensitive Taiwan Strait
Biden administration invites Taiwan to the Summit for Democracy, a move likely to anger China
'Laptop from Hell' Documents Show Hunter Biden Using Family Leverage in Prospective Deal to Sell Louisiana Natural Gas to Chinese Firm
CNN, MSNBC, ABC, CBS, NBC ignore NYT bombshell report on Hunter Biden's business deal with Chinese company
Rep. Murphy: Biden Controlled Under 'Puppeteer Presidency'
Texas launches 'Operation Lone Star', sending National Guard & state troopers to secure border after Biden opened floodgates
NYC Democrats Prepare to Give Voting Rights to Nearly 1 Million Non-Citizens
President Trump: "What Ever Happened To The Rigged And Stolen Arizona Presidential Election, When Will The Legislature Vote To Decertify?"
Legislators from 39 states, including 2 from North Dakota, sign letter outlining possible reversal of 'corrupted' 2020 election
Mike Lindell Supreme Court Case Over Election Fraud Has Been Delayed
Mike Lindell Blames a Vast GOP Conspiracy for His Supreme Court Failure
N.Y. man gets 19 months for urging Trump supporters to kill lawmakers who backed election results
Jan. 6 investigators subpoena Proud Boys, Oath Keepers as probe turns to domestic extremism
Jan. 6 committee subpoenas Alex Jones, Roger Stone and other Trump allies
Roger Stone to Newsmax: Jan. 6 Subpoena Is 'Witch Hunt 2.0'
Jan. 6 committee acknowledges it made false accusation against witness Bernard Kerik
Bernard Kerik's Attorneys Demand Jan. 6 Committee Withdraw Their Fraudulent Claims, Then Correct and Apologize for Their Obvious Lies Against Their Client
Capitol Police to open field offices in California and Florida to help investigate threats against lawmakers
Arizona legislation would require schools teach 'anti-communist' civics curriculum
Thomas Jefferson statue removed from City Hall after 187 years
Jury awards $25 million in damages over Charlottesville nationalist violence
Psaki: No Apology for Biden Calling Rittenhouse 'White Supremacist'
Rittenhouse: Biden Defamed Me, Lawyers Exploring Lawsuits
Stephen Colbert: If Kyle Rittenhouse Didn't Break the Law, 'We Should Change the Law'
'Kill before being killed': Antifa urges members to take up up arms after Rittenhouse verdict
Milwaukee BLM 'militant' says Waukesha Christmas parade attack may be start of 'revolution'
Establishment Media Blasted for Labeling Waukesha Massacre a 'Parade Crash'
Authorities: Darrell Brooks Jr. 'Intentionally' Drove into Crowd, Was Not Being Chased by Police
Gingrich: Waukesha Suspect 'Should Be Treated as a Terrorist'
Darrell Brooks Jr., the accused driver in the Waukesha Christmas Parade massacre, charged with 5 counts of first-degree intentional homicide
Waukesha parade crash: 6th person, a child, has died as judge sets cash bail at $5 million for Darrel Brooks
Waukesha parade horror made possible by left-wing district attorneys' attempts at bail reform, critics say
Democrat Who Used Rittenhouse Trial to Mock Waukesha Parade Tragedy Resigns
A new breed of brazen takeover robbers hitting California luxury retailers, raising ire
Newsom tells California mayors to 'step up' after mob of looters make six-figure Nordstrom heist
Shaken Holiday Shoppers Changing Plans in Wake Of Retail Smash-and-Grab Crime Spree
Best Buy CEO: Jump in theft is traumatizing staff
Bronx woman used obituaries to rob houses as people attended funerals
D.C. records 200th homicide of the year, a mark not seen since 2003
Democratic cities that enacted bail reform see rise in crime, repeat offenses
'Squad' Rep. Tlaib grilled over bill that would empty federal prisons in 10 years
CNN: 'Americans Are Buying More Guns Than Ever Before'
Building a List: The ATF Has Gathered Millions of Records on US Gun Owners As Biden Administration Looks to Crackdown on Firearms
New York Times faces extended ban on Project Veritas coverage
Facebook demands LAPD stop making phony accounts to spy on suspects
Tech News Site Plans to Make 'Facebook Papers' Public
Apple sues NSO Group for targeting users as spyware firm's woes mount
Apple sues company known for hacking iPhones on behalf of governments
Amazon and Apple Handed $225 Million in Italian Antitrust Fines
A Security Breach Exposed Emails and Site Passwords of 1.2 Million of GoDaddy's WordPress Customers
China bars celebrities from showing off wealth and 'extravagant pleasure' on social media, saying pop stars must comply with 'core socialist values'
Pentagon announces plans to streamline UFO reports and analysis
Earth Is 'On Course' to Have Its Own Saturn-Like Rings Made of Space Junk, Say Researchers
In test to save Earth, NASA launches spacecraft to nudge asteroid off course
5.6 magnitude earthquake hits near Lautoka, Fiji
5.4 magnitude earthquake hits near Lautoka, Fiji
5.4 magnitude earthquake hits near Acajutla, El Salvador
5.3 magnitude earthquake hits the Southwest Indian Ridge
5.2 magnitude earthquake hits near the north coast of Greenland
5.2 magnitude earthquake hits near Lautoka, Fiji
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits near Bam, Iran
Sabancaya volcano in Peru erupts to 23,000ft
Sangay volcano in Ecuador erupts ot 23,000ft
Ruiz volcano in Colombia erupts to 21,000ft
La Palma volcano in the Canary Islands erupts to 11,000ft
La Palma volcano update: Second lava arm reaches the sea, generating massive rockfalls at the sea cliff
Floodwaters sweep through city streets as southern India faces worst flooding in 140 years
At least 35 dead after heavy rain batters south India
British Columbia bracing for "parade of storms" amid flood recovery
Goodwill Goes Woke, Joins Top CEOs in Pushing 'Diversity,' 'Inclusion'
Biden's Build Back Better 'Free' Preschool Forces LGBTQ Activist Curriculum on Faith Groups
Biden's Education Department Wants to Roll Back Effort to Catalog Teacher Sex Crimes in an attempt to appease teachers' unions
NY Assembly Releases Report on Alleged Cuomo Sex Harassment, Coronavirus Cover-Ups
Kevin Spacey Ordered To Pay $31 Million To 'House Of Cards' Producer Over Sexual Harassment Scandal
Ghislaine Maxwell's family appeals to U.N. for help to get her out on bail
Jeffrey Epstein denied having any suicidal thoughts and prison staffers made litany of errors prior to his death, prison documents reveal
Jeffrey Epstein told jail psychologist 'being alive is fun' before suicide
'Poisoned' boy, 6, struggles to stand before dad and stepmom 'tortured him to death'
40 Days for Life Celebrates Milestone of 20,000 Babies Saved from Abortions
CVS, Walmart and Walgreens are responsible for roles in opioid crisis, jury finds
UK Calls For Tackling Alleged "Racial Bias" In Medical Devices
Cuba Building Vaccine Plant in Zimbabwe that May Carry Dubious Coronavirus Product
Pfizer to become $100B behemoth next year thanks to COVID-19 drug and vaccine: analyst
Andrew Cuomo Personally Made Changes to Report Downplaying COVID-19 Nursing Home Deaths
'They're Killing Us! They're Killing Our People!" - Aboriginal Elder Screams in Facebook Rant After Australian Military Reportedly Holds Down Her People, Shoots Them with Vaccine
Dr. Zelenko: CDC's Response to COVID-19 "A Crime Against Humanity. Mass Murder. And Genocide."
COVID-19 Made Democracies More Authoritarian and Authoritarian Regimes Even Worse
Scottish Government's Vax Passport Sending People's Private Data To Amazon, Microsoft; Report
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.: US Freedom Being 'Strip-Mined by Elitists'
EU wants to harmonize validity period of vaccination certificate
India's Supreme Court Rejects Door-To-Door COVID-19 Vaccination Plan
Biden Administration Asks US Appeals Court To Reinstate OSHA Vaccine Rule
US to require vaccines for all border crossers such as truck drivers, government and emergency response officials in January
Kansas' Democrat governor to sign bill ensuring businesses give broad exemptions to vax mandate
Employees of Massachusetts hospital system ask for Supreme Court intervention in vaccine mandate challenge
Lawsuit filed on behalf of 20-year Navy employee against federal vaccine mandate: 'Biden is not a king'
Protest of COVID Vax Mandate Circulates Amongst Google Staff
Google De-platforms CDMedia Completely From Ad Revenue Over Vaccine Coverage
'General Hospital' star Steve Burton confirms firing over vaccine mandate: It's 'about personal freedom'
School staff shortages nationwide could lead to changes in vaccine mandates
Pharmacists Try New Tricks to Ease Kids' Covid Shots: Jugglers, 'VIP' Rooms
Bombshell Pfizer Study: Vaxxed Kids Catch COVID at Essentially the Same Rate as Unvaxxed Kids
Commentary: COVID vaccines for kids are unnecessary - and may kill them
Nolte: NYT Says Unvaccinated Kids Must 'Eat Quickly' on Thanksgiving and wear masks while not eating
Biden says pardoned turkeys will get 'boosted,' not 'basted'
Scott Gottlieb: 'A Lot of Breakthrough Infections Happening'
Even in Highly Vaccinated New England, Hospitals Are Suffering
Mass. Gov. Baker: Some Hospitals to Delay Unnecessary Procedures due to staffing and bed shortages
COVID In Minnesota: Nat'l Guard Arrives As Hospitals Are Overrun With COVID Cases
Israel's Bennett said to warn of possible curbs over Hanukkah as COVID case numbers rise
Bennett takes his 9-year-old son to get COVID vaccine
Santa Cruz County imposes indoor mask mandate - including private homes
Gunshots fired at police in France's Martinique, Guadeloupe still tense over COVID-19 curbs
Dutch prime minister rips 'idiots' after another night of rioting
Arizona AG Asks Reporter If They Have STD Rather Than Answer If He Has Gotten COVID Vaccine
Fauci: People Like Tucker Carlson, Peter Navarro Who 'Weaponize Lies Are Killing People'
GOP governors call on Biden administration to address supply chain issues
Shipping Container Fines Delayed Again as L.A., Long Beach Ports Make Progress
Inflation deflates support for Biden's social spending bill
Factchecker says Psaki claim 'no economist' thinks Build Back Better will cause inflation is 'false'
W.H. Council of Economic Advisers Chair: 'A Lot' of Inflation 'Is Due to the Strong Support We Gave to Households'
White House Brags Americans Can Pay for More Expensive Thanksgiving with Government Handouts
Biden Tells Americans Struggling to Pay For Food and Gas They Need "Perspective" - Hours Before He Jets Off to $30 Million Nantucket Estate
NBC Reporter Tells Viewers to Combat Bidenflation This Thanksgiving by Ditching the Turkey and Charging Guests
Powell Promises to Use Fed's Powers to Prevent Higher Inflation from Becoming Entrenched
Biden forfeits 'ability to scapegoat Powell' with Fed pick, liberals say
Bidenflation Causes Dollar Tree to Raise Prices by 25 Percent to $1.25
Steve Bannon Goes Off on Reckless Biden Regime: "They Are Purposely Trying to Destroy the US Dollar - This is the Con"
IMF urges El Salvador against using bitcoin as official currency
States promise to protect oil and gas industry from 'woke' banks
Republican FTC Commissioners Ask WH for Proof of Alleged Gas Price Shenanigans
U.S. to release oil from reserves in coordination with other countries to lower gas prices
Oil reserves released by Biden expected to primarily go to China, India
Backfire: Oil Prices Soar as Market Rejects Biden Administration's Strategic Reserve Ploy
Biden plan to tap strategic oil reserve ignores own role in soaring gas prices, critics say
Joe Biden's Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm Does Not Know How Many Barrels of Oil U.S. Uses per Day
Donald Trump: Joe Biden Raiding Strategic Oil Reserves 'at the Mercy of OPEC'
Trump criticizes Biden for opening US oil reserves, says only for 'serious emergencies, like war'
Joe Biden Addresses High Gas Prices: Americans Can Save Money if They Buy Electric Cars
Rep. Louis Gohmert: Higher Energy Prices 'Costing People Severely'
Governor Ron DeSantis Proposes Gas Tax Relief to Save Floridians More than $1 Billion
Israel, Jordan sign huge UAE-brokered deal to swap solar energy and water
Shin Bet: Forces thwart major Hamas terror plans, nab more than 50 cell members
Jordanian MPs: UK's Terrorist Designation of Hamas an 'Act of Aggression'
Bibi's Former Fixer Testifies That Vain PM Spent as Much Time on His Own Image as National Security
Iran hopes for 'constructive' visit by IAEA chief ahead of nuclear talks restart
Aid workers say Mediterranean a 'liquid graveyard' after 75 feared dead off Libya
Egypt used French military support to 'kill civilians': Report
In Russia, a dead moose and a Putin critic add up to a political scandal
U.S. Intel Shows Russia Plans for Potential Ukraine Invasion
US voices 'deep concern' over Bulgarian president's comments about Crimea
Xi Says China Will Not Seek Dominance Over Southeast Asia
Five Chinese Nationals Kidnapped in DR Congo After Attack Near Mine
China Mocks Joe Biden for Mulling Fake 'Diplomatic' Boycott of Genocide Olympics
John Kerry Softens U.S. Stance on Uyghur Slave Labor from Which He Financially Benefits
Afghanistan fiasco shows US military encourages lapdog generals, retired colonel says
Texas AG Accuses Biden Administration of Creating Border Crisis as Large Migrant Caravan Approaches
DOJ Stays Quiet on Potential Investigation of Facebook's 'Facilitation' of Illegal Immigration
US joins annual list of 'backsliding' democracies after 2020 election fraud claims
Trump again slams FBI probe of his 2016 White House campaign as 'hoax'
Obama Foundation accepts $100M donation from Jeff Bezos
Guns, stress and politics: US road rage shootings on the rise
Whoopi Goldberg: To Me Rittenhouse 'Murdered' Two Men
Dem Calls Parade Massacre That Injured Small Children 'Karma' for Rittenhouse Verdict
Kyle Rittenhouse could have a defamation lawsuit after media called him racist murderer: Legal experts
Illinois Dem who used Rittenhouse case to mock Waukesha tragedy has resigned: 'Self-defense'
Parade Killer Darrell Brooks Was Recently Arrested after Running Over Woman at a Gas Station Earlier This Month! - And Was Bailed Out for Only $1000 Last Week
Darrell Brooks is the suspect in the Waukesha Christmas Parade incident. The Milwaukee man has been charged with crimes 10 times since 1999
Mobs of looters target Bay Area retailers for third straight day
Mother, Daughter Carjacked In Mount Greenwood Driveway, And Say One Of The Attackers Looked To Be 10 Years Old Or Younger
People in Minneapolis Are Calling Each Other Instead of the Cops
Chile's Bosolonaro? Hard-right Kast rises, targeting 'crime and violence'
Blown-up satellite pieces circling Earth shown in scientist's unsettling simulation
Killer Asteroids Abound. NASA Is Ready to Do Something About It
In a first test of its planetary defense efforts, NASA's going to shove an asteroid
Just how many threatening asteroids are there? It's complicated.
Skyscraper-sized asteroid coming towards Earth on Christmas Eve
Solar Storm Warning: Flares Are Heading Towards the Earth, Could It Take Down Communications Lines Worldwide?
Risk of quakes caused by oil, gas in New Mexico rising
5.5 magnitude earthquake hits near Kokopo, Papua New Guinea
Sabanacaya volcano in Peru erupts to 25,000ft
Reventador volcano in Ecuador erupts to 16,000ft
Death toll from Lillooet, B.C., mudslide rises to 4
Commentary: Fears of Dystopian Grain Shortages Are Overblown
Delta CEO: Fight against climate change meant flights would soon become more expensive
Report: Some Climate Change Activists Facing Mental Health Issues
Grey's Anatomy: 'Thanksgiving Isn't Really a Holiday We Should Celebrate' Because of Colonialism
Probe Finds 'Overwhelming Evidence' of Misconduct by Cuomo
J.K. Rowling reveals death threats over transgender row
Police: Two More Rescued After Teenage Sex Trafficking Victim Found in Detroit
Vegas Strip Club Tryouts Shut Down, Organizers Reference Astroworld
Inside strange rise of smoking toad venom for a 'religious experience high' as experts reveal dangers of psychedelic
Liberals attack Supreme Court after it puts off ruling in Texas abortion case
Pence to Give Abortion Speech Day Before Crucial Supreme Court Session
Starbucks Worker Tests Positive for Hepatitis A, Prompts Mass Vaccination of Customers
COVID vaccine mandate 'will not impact holiday travel,' TSA says, reporting 93% of employees in compliance
Thousands of Israelis rush to book COVID vaccine shots for their kids
Fauci says Israel is 'where you wanted to be' for COVID vaccines
Italian anti-vax lawmaker refers to Holocaust survivor by number inked on her arm
Thousands of New Yorkers Flood the Streets to March for Freedom As Worldwide Resistance Against Covid Tyranny Continues to Grow
Australian army hauls 38 citizens to quarantine facility over some positive COVID tests
New Zealand Lifts Restrictions for Vaccinated, but Clamps Down on Unvaccinated
Vaccine Holdouts Face $4,000 Fine in Austria's Virus Crackdown
Germans will be 'vaccinated, cured or dead', says minister
Britain sees rise in number of bodies undiscovered at home during pandemic
Bodies pile up outside hospital morgue as Romania struggles with fourth wave of Covid
Biden picks Jerome Powell to lead the Fed for a second term as the U.S. battles Covid and inflation
Nat'l Economic Council Dir claims social spending bill will lower deficit by $2T, while experts say otherwise
Palestinians clash with police in East J'lem after march supporting Hamas terrorist
Man stabbed, moderately hurt in suspected Jaffa terror attack; Palestinian arrested
Israeli immigrant killed by Hamas gunman in Jerusalem; group hails 'heroic operation'
Israeli DM Gantz Calls on Int'l Community to Support PA Economy
Iraq won't be part of the Abraham Accords, FM says
Gantz says he supports a 'broader, stronger and longer' deal with Iran
Former Mossad chief skeptical agreement with Iran is possible
US warns Israel attacks on Iran nuclear program are counterproductive
Tens of thousands take part in anti-regime protests in Iran
Iran starts hearings over 2020 downing of Ukrainian airliner that killed 176
In unstable Lebanon, Hezbollah's amassing of force continues
Beirut blast: UN ignored plea for port disaster evidence
Christian students in Egypt beaten at school, ordered by teachers to remove all jewelry bearing a cross
Sudan's military chief reinstates prime minister ousted after last month's coup
US 'encouraged' by Sudan deal to reinstate deposed PM, calls to protect protesters
Poland: Belarus eyes using Afghan migrants as border pawns
Poland says Belarus border migrant crisis may be prelude to 'something worse'
Kremlin Accuses West of Artificially Whipping up Ukraine Tensions
Philippines set to resume resupply mission to South China Sea after standoff with China
China downgrades its diplomatic ties with Lithuania over Taiwan issue
Chinese foreign minister says countries should not be forced to pick sides in rivalry with US
Pentagon officials 'baffled by Chinese hypersonic missile technology'
Cruz Blocking Nat'l Security Nominees so Biden Stops 'Surrendering' to China
Democracy slipping away at record rate, intergovernmental body warns
Rand Paul Urges Whistleblowers to Expose Biden Administration Abuses of Civil Liberties
Buttigieg tamps down narrative that there's a rivalry with Harris: 'We're too busy with a job to do'
Pete Buttigieg rejects notion of rivalry or tension with Kamala Harris: 'There's no room to get caught up in the parlor games'
2 longtime conservative Fox News commentators resign over Tucker Carlson Jan. 6 series
Cruz blasts MSNBC over segment tying Thanksgiving to 'white supremacy' and 'genocide'
Kyle Rittenhouse Tells Tucker Carlson He's 'Not a Racist Person' and Supports BLM: 'This Case Has Nothing To Do With Race'
A person plowed their SUV through the Waukesha Christmas Parade, leaving five dead and more than 40 injured authorities say
Portland leaders condemn 'criminal destruction, violence' after riot declared downtown
Shoplifters Are Looting In Broad Daylight In Blue Cities, Police Hands Are Tied Under Democrat Leadership
California Nordstrom ransacked by 80 looters in ski masks with crowbars and weapons: Witness
14 people rushed into a Louis Vuitton store outside Chicago and ran out with at least $100,000 in merchandise, police say
Calls grow for US to bolster defense against asteroid threat
5.2 magnitude earthquake hits the South Sandwich Islands region
Sabancaya volcano in Peru erupts to 25,000ft
Popocateptl volcano in Mexico erupts to 19,000ft
Karymsky volcano on Kamchatka, Russia erupts to 18,000ft
State of crisis and regional emergency declared for the island of Vulcano, Italy
El Salvador's President Says He Will Build a 'Bitcoin City' Powered by a Volcano
Texas grid vulnerable to blackouts during severe winter weather, even with new preparations, ERCOT estimates show
Cloud seeding gains steam as West faces worsening droughts
2 of 17 hostages released in Haiti, U.S. missionary group says
The Moral Collapse of America's Largest Christian University - The light goes out of Liberty
Ghislaine Maxwell Child Sexual Abuse Case Opens with Little Attention from the Media
Tech billionaire allegedly kept spreadsheet of 5,000 women he had sex with
Thousands march in France protesting violence against women
New Willie Hortons? Migrants charged with rape, murder after illegally entering U.S.
Three States Sue Biden Administration Over Memo That Curtails Arrests of Illegal Immigrants
Virginia's incoming lieutenant governor questions Covid vaccines for those who've had the virus before
Incoming Virginia Lt. Gov. Winsome Sears said that disclosing her vaccination status is a 'slippery slope' that would lead to questions about what's in her DNA
Vaccinated Canadian senator dies after being hospitalized for COVID-19
Attorney Releases First Pages from Subpoenaed FDA Files - Shows Pfizer Documented 158,893 Adverse Events with 25,957 Nervous System Disorders in First Few Months of Distribution
Germany: Dr Thomas Jendges Head of Clinic, Commits Suicide "COVID-19 Vaccine Is a Genocide"
Fauci vague on changing definition of 'fully vaccinated': 'We might modify'
Gottlieb says that "at some point," COVID-19 vaccines could be considered a "three-dose vaccine"
Israel is preparing for possible fourth Covid vaccine dose
Hong Kong Authorizes China-Made COVID-19 Jabs for Children Aged 3–17
US Marines On Track For 'worst COVID-19 Vaccination Record' Followed By Air Force
Fauci: Vaccinated family members can enjoy maskless Thanksgiving; 4 million federal workers face Monday mandate.
Conservatives in Germany Call for Vaccine Mandates, Lockdowns of Unvaccinated
France sends special forces to its Caribbean region of Guadeloupe after Covid riots
Violent clashes erupt during anti-lockdown demonstrations in Europe
More arrests in Netherlands riots one night after "orgy of violence" over COVID-19 restrictions
Angry and Divided, Austrians Argue Over a Lockdown and Vaccine Mandates
Biden faces growing bipartisan opposition over planned Palestinian consulate in Jerusalem
Minister predicts more normalization deals with Arab states next year
Iran Condemns UK Designation of Hamas as 'Terrorist'
After Israeli ban, US envoy to UN expresses backing for Palestinian rights groups
Israel returns remains of Palestinian teen alleged firebomber after bodies mix-up
1 man killed, 4 injured in terror shooting in Jerusalem Old City
US defense chief: If Iran not serious about nuclear talks, we'll look at all options
Blacklisted Iranian airlines targeted in cyberattack
Iran's Guards Seize Foreign Ship in Gulf Smuggling Diesel - State Media
Lebanese navy rescues 'illegal' boat carrying migrants from crisis-ridden country
Sudanese military agrees to reinstate deposed PM
Ethiopia crisis raises new fears as civil war shows no signs of abating
TPLF: Ethiopian government using 'starvation as a weapon'
Al-Shabab suicide bomber kills prominent journalist in Mogadishu
Imprisoned Georgia Ex-President Saakashvili Ends 50-Day Hunger Strike
US seeks balance as fears grow Russia may invade Ukraine
White House Calls on Russia to De-Escalate Tensions With Ukraine
Putin Dispatches Russian Vessels to Shadow U.S. Warships During Flare-Up
US patrol boats sent to back up Ukrainian Navy near Black Sea
For Putin, the Great Prize Has Always Been Ukraine
Estonia Sends Soldiers to Help Poland Stop Illegal Migrants Breaking into EU
Chain Migration: Macron Suggests Illegals Should Be Allowed Entry to UK for 'Family Reunification'
EU Lawmakers Call for More Legal Migration to Supposedly Stop Illegal Immigration
States Sue Biden for Sweeping Limits on Deportation of Illegal Aliens, Including Convicted Criminals
Biden's Welcome Gifts for Illegal Aliens Include Bypassing Airport Security, Free Airfare into U.S.
10 Bodies, 9 Hanging From Overpass, Found in Central Mexico
As Haiti's crisis worsens, a rising number flee by sea
Appeals court rejects New York Times bid to resume Project Veritas coverage
Ohio County 'Shocked' After Mike Lindell Event Shares Its Computers' Data, Spurs FBI Probe
Amid bias rebuke, FBI raids homes of GOP election clerk, conservative activists in Colorado
White House Communications Director Leaving, Second Big Administration Resignation This Week
White House staffer departs amid reports of turmoil
Unequal justice? Republicans face censure, contempt prosecution, while Democrats skate
CNN's Cuomo: Rittenhouse Acquittal 'Justified' - We Should Want an Acquittal Under These Circumstances 'No Matter Who the Defendant Is'
Can Kyle Rittenhouse face federal charges? House judiciary chairman calls for DOJ review
Pollak: Joe Biden Can Be Sued for Defaming Kyle Rittenhouse
"Kyle's Law" Gains Steam - Which State Will Be First To Protect Against Politically-Motivated Prosecutions Of Self-Defense?
Rittenhouse Lawyer: 'Scary' How Many Death Threats Were Received During Trial
BLM Calls for Federal Murder Charges Against Rittenhouse
Black Americans see biased system in Rittenhouse verdict
Verdict magnifies divisions in an already-polarized country
Hero or Vigilante? Rittenhouse Verdict Reignites Polarized U.S. Gun Debate
NBA Social Justice Coalition Blasts 'Vigilantism' After Rittenhouse Verdict
Maher: Far Left 'Wants to Demoralize' Cops So They Don't Do Their Jobs Like in Kenosha, But We Can't Respond with Vigilantism
Protesters Take to Streets Across the Country Following Not Guilty Verdict in Rittenhouse Trial
Kyle Rittenhouse acquittal sparks sporadic protests and Portland clashes - but Kenosha remains peaceful
Anti-Rittenhouse Protesters Riot in Oregon, Shut Down Bridge in New York
Travel Hell: Accidental Weapon Discharge at Atlanta Airport Causes Chaos and Halted Flights
Mark Zuckerberg's metaverse could fracture the world as we know it - letting people 'reality block' things they disagree with and making polarization even worse
5.6 magnitude earthquake hits the Kermadec Islands region
5.6 magnitude earthquake hits near Luganville, Vanuatu
5.4 magnitude earthquake hits southeast of the Loyalty Islands
5.1 magnitude earthquake hits near Shamakhi, Azerbaijan
5.1 magnitude earthquake hits south of the Kermadec Islands
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits the Bonin Islands, Japan region
Sabancaya volcano in Peru erupts to 24,000ft
Reventador volano in Ecuador erupts to 15,000ft
A once-in-500-year flood event in British Columbia swallowed highways, washed away bridges and cut off railroads - Thousands remain stranded
NASA releases images of devastating Pacific Northwest flooding from space
British Columbia sets gas, travel restrictions after floods
At least 26 people dead, more than 100 missing after massive floods and landslides hit southern India
Storms throughout Israel cause flooding, several injuries
Wildfires torched up to a fifth of all giant sequoia trees
UN sounds alarm on Somalia's 'rapidly worsening' drought
Officials Continue to Investigate Another Oil Spill Off California Coast
Canada, Mexico Angry over Biden's Support for Electric Vehicle Tax Credits, Citing Trade Agreements
Hunter Biden's firm helped Chinese company purchase rich cobalt mine in $3.8 billion deal: report
How Soros's Secret Network Used Ukraine to Cover for Hillary, Hunter, and Target Donald Trump.
Biden Dept. of Interior moves to remove 'derogatory' names from federal lands
Rep. Sabatini Warns 'Scandal-Ridden' Biden Admin. Playing 'Dangerous Game' Weaponizing FBI Against American People
Travis Scott Hit With Over $2 Billion In Lawsuits In Aftermath Of Astroworld Concert
Ghislaine Maxwell: High Society Bracing Itself for Explosive Trial
Soon-to-be-released Cuomo impeachment report details misdeeds, backs up harassment claims
State Board Drops 'Sex Offender' Term Calling It A Negative Label
Abigail Shrier: Audio exposes California teachers' efforts to subvert parents and recruit kids to LGBTQ+ clubs
Biden mourns 'deadliest year on record' for transgender Americans in day of remembrance statement
Joe Biden, Unlike Trump, Didn't Take Cognitive Test in Annual Exam, Sanjay Gupta Says
India police charge Amazon execs in alleged marijuana smuggling case
Drug Overdose Deaths Top 100,000: A True Pandemic
Fauci: Intercept Report on Wuhan Research 'Misleading' Because Gain of Function Is 'a Completely Meaningless Term' Without 'Context'
Peter Navarro's In Trump Time: Goal Is to Put 'Sociopath' Fauci 'in an Orange Jumpsuit'
Fauci expects vaccine will be available for babies in 2022
Gillian McKeith causes controversy after issuing plea for 'unvaccinated sperm'
Bayer executive: mRNA shots are 'gene therapy' marketed as 'vaccines' to gain public trust
Biden Regime Ignores Courts Again and Tells Businesses to Move Forward with Vaccine Mandate
Business Lobby Files Court Notice Over Biden's Vaccine Mandate: Stop 'Bullying Businesses to Comply'
Job Creators Network Demands Biden WH 'Cease and Desist' Pushing Small Businesses to Comply with Its 'Illegal' Vaccine Mandate
DeSantis Defends Actions: 'You're Damn Right' I Overruled Forced Mandates
Disney Stops Employee Vaccination Requirements, Thanks To DeSantis Law
With Vaccine Mandate Looming, Business Owners Face Wary Workers
4.4 Million Americans Quit Their Jobs in September Amid Vaccine Coercion, Pandemic Stress
Stressed school leaders urge California lawmakers to keep student vaccine exemptions
Paraguay: Lawmaker Mocks Mask Mandate by Wearing Underwear on His Head
Australia calls for global action to fight online misinformation
Europe's COVID crisis pits vaccinated against unvaccinated
Italian Epidemiologist Recommends People Shun Unvaccinated at Christmas
Protests Erupt Across Several European And Australian Cities Over Vaccination Mandates
Tens of thousands rally against virus rules in Austria, Italy, Croatia
Protests Against Vaccine Mandates in Italy Reach Their 18th Week As the Rest of Europe Rises Up and Joins In
Serious riots in Rotterdam in protests against the Dutch Government's anti-Covid restrictions
Three in hospital after police fire on Dutch COVID-19 protesters
Report: Pandemic Killed 1.6 Million Tourism Jobs Across Asia in 2020
Japan Plans $490 Billion Stimulus to Jolt Struggling Economy
Turkey's Currency Crisis Raises Cost of Living, Threatens Financial System
Americans Load Up on Firewood as Home-Heating Costs Skyrocket
IDF chief said to order acceleration of plans for attack on Gaza rocket stocks
Mideast Quartet Says Israel, Palestinians Must Tackle Violence
Over 100 Hollywood Celebrities Support Palestinian Groups Designated as Terrorist by Israel
Hamas to be declared a terrorist group by UK
UK's ban on Hamas said to be significant blow to funding for terror group
Hamas calls on Justin Bieber to cancel show in Israel - called on Bieber to boycott Israel altogether due to its "crimes against the Palestinian people"
Miss South Africa's appearance in Miss Universe in Israel ignites controversy
'Meet a Jew' Program Aims to Tackle Rising Anti-Semitism in Germany
Iran drone attack on US base in Syria was response to Israeli strikes
Iranian Hackers Are Going After US Critical Infrastructure
Blinken warns war-torn Ethiopia is on 'path to destruction,' calls on Abiy to step up to end conflict
US Discussing Joint Reserves Release With China, Taking Aim at OPEC+
Gas Group Pushes Back on Biden Blaming Industry for High Fuel Prices: 'Distraction' from Bad Energy Policies
Secret Chinese Port Project in Persian Gulf Rattles U.S. Relations With U.A.E.
Leon Panetta: US 'Not in Good Position' Competing Technologically Against China
Beware Putin amid US-China rivalry, Hillary Clinton warns Bloomberg forum
Two Russian strategic bombers make flight near Alaska
Russia Condemns US Lawmakers' Proposal on 'Nonrecognition' of Putin
Feds' transportation of illegals on airlines poses a serious security risk, congressman warns
Eric Zemmour draws comparisons to Trump as he upends French presidential election
CNN admits Steele dossier has 'significantly diminished' credibility, Trump 'wasn't too far off' about origins
Court bars New York Times from publishing Project Veritas memos in move called 'unconstitutional'
Georgia governor orders probe into 'sloppy' November 2020 vote counts in Fulton County
Federal indictment alleging Iranian hack further erodes narrative of perfect 2020 election
Justice Department charges 2 Iranians who pretended to be Proud Boys, sent Republican officials a fake ballot fraud video, and threatened tens of thousands of Democratic voters
Biden briefly transfers power to Harris, making her the 1st woman in U.S. history to hold powers of the presidency
Trump Jr.: Rittenhouse Jury 'Gave Biden His 2nd Colonoscopy of the Day'
Kyle Rittenhouse Acquitted Of All Charges In 2020 Kenosha Shootings
Celebs react to Kyle Rittenhouse's not guilty verdict: 'A devastating blow'
Progressives, Democrats erupt over Kyle Rittenhouse acquittal: 'This is disgusting'
NY congressman calls Rittenhouse 'murderer,' says 'white tears' won acquittal
Biden calls for calm but says Rittenhouse 'not guilty' verdict leaves him 'angry and concerned' - The president says Americans should protest 'peacefully'
Biden ducks question about whether he stands by calling Kyle Rittenhouse a white supremacist
Commentary: Kyle Rittenhouse verdict makes sense if you ignore biased trial coverage on MSNBC, CNN
Rittenhouse case showed 'ideological baggage' of news outlets: McCarthy
Blake Masters: We Need to Be a Country Where Heroes Like Kyle Rittenhouse Can Thrive - Not Where They Are Destroyed to Gratify a Mentally Ill, Malicious Mob and Media
Left Wing BLM Communists Come Unglued Over Rittenhouse Verdicts - These People Don't Realize Their Massive Riots Caused the Event
Wis. Gov. Tony Evers: 'We Must Have Peace in Kenosha'
Biden urges calm after US teen Kyle Rittenhouse cleared over protesters' deaths
Jury begins deliberations in Charlottesville 'Unite the Right' civil trial
The Unite the Right trial is exposing the chasm between who plans White nationalism's battles and who does the fighting
Ahmaud Arbery murder trial: Defense attorney compares rally of Black pastors to 'public lynching'
Interior Secretary Haaland moves to rid U.S. of racially derogatory place names
Commentary: A look at the intimate details Amazon knows about us
NASA Has a Plan to Stop an Asteroid From Hitting Earth - by Slamming Into It
NASA seeks ideas for a nuclear reactor on the moon
17 Incredible Photos of Last Night's Beaver Moon Lunar Eclipse, the Longest in 580 Years
5.6 magnitude earthquake hits near Isangel, Vanuatu
5.4 magnitude earthquake hits near Jovellar, Philippines
5.1 magnitude earthquake hits near San Ignacio, Philippines
5.1 magnitude earthquake hits near Karayazı, Turkey
Sabancaya volcano in Peru erupts to 17,000ft
60-foot waves exploded off the Pacific Coast during October's bomb cyclone
Why Canada's Floods Could Make Your Christmas Tree Cost More
Major Storms Cause Flooding in Miami-Dade; More Flooding Expected Friday
Thousands rally in central Iran to protest water shortages
Bowing to protests, India's Modi agrees to repeal farm laws
Jason Aldean Says 'Fear of Backlash' Keeps Country Stars Silent: 'I Don't Have a Choice but to Speak Up'
China Invites Vladimir Putin, but Not Joe Biden, to Beijing Winter Olympics
Joe Biden Says He May Still Send Delegation to China Olympics Despite Genocide
'They eat their children' - The wife of a former Interpol president who went missing in China in 2018 calls the Chinese government a 'monster'
Enes Kanter Blasts LeBron James over Silence on Nike's Use of Chinese Slave Labor: 'Money over Morals'
Serena Williams, Tennis World Demand Freedom for Missing Chinese Champion Peng Shuai
U.S. Increases Travel Warning for India over Mass Rape
Filipino megachurch founder forced girls and young women into sex, telling them it was 'God's will,' feds say
A Tesla factory worker alleges sexual harassment is rampant in a rare lawsuit. Now other women are stepping forward.
Time's Up announces massive layoffs in ongoing fallout from Cuomo sexual harassment connection
Transgender: Connecticut Parents Report Kindergartners Taught Gender Ideology Without Opt-Out
Rep. Mary Miller: Biden's Department of Education Refuses to Say There Are Two Genders
Justices Could Rule on Texas Abortion Ban as Soon as Monday
U.S. Bishops Launch Prayer Campaign Against Roe v. Wade
Nasal vaccine to treat Alzheimer's disease to be tested in U.S. clinical trial
CDC: Vials Contain No Trace of Virus That Causes Smallpox
Israel: Health Ministry reports avian flu cases at pair of bird farms
Fresh look at earliest COVID cases points to live-animal market as most likely source
Fauci Overwhelmed with Angry Calls over Cruel Puppy Experiments
Anthony Fauci: Attacks on Me Are 'Dangerous to the Entire Field of Science'
Fauci Finally Admits Vaccines Don't Protect Against Serious Covid or Death
Fauci: If You Do Not Know the Vaccine Status of People, Then You Should Be Wearing a Mask
Security guard arrested after not wearing mask on bus dies in Santa Rita Jail
The new COVID war: Redefining vaccinated
European Medicines Agency Data Shows 1,163,356 Adverse Drug Reactions and 30,551 Fatalities by COVID-19 Vaccinations
US Advisers Debate If All Adults Really Need COVID Boosters
The FDA just authorized booster shots of Pfizer's and Moderna's COVID-19 vaccines for all adults
Bennett: COVID vaccinations for children aged 5-11 to start Tuesday
Jen Psaki After OSHA Pauses Biden's Vaccine Mandate: 'Nothing Has Changed'
'Moving the goalposts': DeSantis, other top GOPers concerned about Dems move toward booster mandate
US diplomats blast Biden vaccine mandate in internal cable
Army bars vaccine refusers from promotions and reenlistment as deadline approaches
Report: Navy Shipbuilding Contractor Suspends Vaccine Mandate After Workers Threaten to Quit
Scientists mystified, wary, as Africa avoids COVID disaster - Fewer than 6% of people in Africa are vaccinated
Austria to enter nationwide lockdown, mandate COVID vaccination
Austria angers many with full lockdown and Germany may follow suit
Austrian Police and Army Stand Up to Government's "Health Dictatorship" Mandates - Will Join Massive Anti-Government Freedom Protest Scheduled for Saturday
Norway tightens entry rules, urges dropping handshake
Facing new COVID wave, Dutch delay care for cancer, heart patients
'Heartbroken': Doctors Concerned About Trajectory Of COVID As Surge Continues, Hospitals At Or Beyond Capacity
Europe lockdown rattles Wall Street, boosts safe-havens
Treasuries Could See Persistent Volatility Through Year-end
Republicans Unanimously Oppose Build Back Better Act After Historic Kevin McCarthy Speech
House Narrowly Passes $1.8 Trillion 'Build Back Better' Spending Plan
Biden's 'Build Back Better' Plan Would Increase Deficit by $367 Billion Over 10 Years: CBO
White House stands by claim that reconciliation bill won't add to deficit, despite CBO score
US Diplomat 'Optimistic' More Countries Will Join Abraham Accords, Which 'Benefit Both Sides'
Shaked: Bringing more countries into Abraham Accords will require US incentives
Israel yet to prove banned Palestinian groups have terror ties, says top EU diplomat
Israeli conviction of Spanish citizen in terror-funding case could be 'game-changer,' say observers
Poll finds 1 in 4 European Jewish leaders mulling emigration due to antisemitism
Brazilian journalist apologizes for saying Jews need to be killed to attain wealth
Anger at Israeli movie screening at Melbourne LGBTQ film festival - accusations that the event was promoting Israel's progressive treatment of sexual minorities as a way of diverting attention from its conflict with the Palestinians
Major fire on Israel-Jordan border endangers gas pipeline
Israel, Jordan, UAE reportedly set to sign massive solar, water swap deal
UAE, Israel sign deal to jointly develop military, commercial autonomous vehicles
Media blackout and smokescreens: How Israel released a couple from Turkish detention
Bennett thanks Erdogan for releasing Israeli couple, in first-ever call between them
Turkey Currency Crisis Threatens Economy, Posing Challenge to Erdogan Rule
Nearly a dozen migrants suffocate in 'horrific' conditions off Libya coast
US warns pilots of possible 'surface-to-air fire' in Ethiopia
Armenia and Azerbaijan agree ceasefire after border clash, Armenian Defense Ministry says
Uganda's Kampala bombings: Muslim cleric accused of jihadist links shot dead
Islamic State appears to be present in close to all Afghan provinces, says U.N. envoy
Hundreds of Iraqis repatriated from Belarus amid border crisis
More migrants try to enter Poland from Belarus in East-West standoff
Russia to deploy new paratroop regiment on annexed Crimea
Putin says West taking Russia's 'red lines' too lightly
U.K. to Investigate Possible Russian Involvement in Death of Woman Poisoned By Nerve Agent
Taiwan opens office in Lithuania, brushing aside China opposition
Top general in US military warns of possible surprise nuclear attack from China, cites hypersonic missile tests and new silos: 'Should create a sense of urgency'
Chinese Military At or Near Ability to Invade Taiwan, U.S. Agency Concludes
Taiwan deploys advanced fighter jets amid tensions with China
Japan Tells China Peace, Stability in Taiwan Strait Are Important
Philippines tells China to 'back off' after South China Sea standoff
Mexican National Guard deploying troops in Cancun following rise in violence
Cartel expert recommends tourists 'don't go' to Mexico right now
New migrant caravan sets off from southern Mexico border
In South Texas, The Border Crisis Threatens To Become A Constitutional Crisis
Border Sheriffs Call for 'Immediate' Removal of Mayorkas at DHS
Washington Post has corrected more than a dozen articles relating to its Steele Dossier coverage
2 Iranians charged with threatening US voters in 2020 election; 4 others blacklisted
Iran hackers stole US voter data, posed as Proud Boys in effort to influence 2020 election: feds
'It's a Felony:' A New Lawsuit, with Video Evidence, Alleges Delaware County, Pennsylvania Election Officials Destroyed Voting Records
Representative Tim Ratham Puts Forth Resolution to Decertify the 2020 Election in Wisconsin
DeKalb County GOP Chair: Georgia Law Was Violated in November 2020 Election and Results Should Not Have Been Certified
Influential Georgia State Senator Urges Audit of Surveillance Tapes at Ballot Drop Boxes
Fox News owner Rupert Murdoch tells shareholders Donald Trump needs to move on from election loss
'A real man would be defending his wife': Liz Cheney mocks Ted Cruz after he says Trump 'broke' her
Democratic retirements spark worry over holding House majority
Kamala Harris' comms director resigns amid growing criticism of the VP
Kamala Harris chuckles when asked if she feels misused by Biden administration: 'No, I don't'
Blurred Presidental Seal: What Are They Doing to Biden? Twitter Users Notice Strange Change Made to His Table as He Signs Bill
Kennedy: Biden Administration Never Makes the Same Mistake Twice - They Make It Five or Six Times Just to Be Sure
Sen. Kennedy to block Biden energy nominee over Mexican oil seizures
Biden Nominee Saule Omarova Disowns Her Own Words to Bankrupt Oil Companies: 'Poor Phrasing'
Confirmation Hearing Goes Wild After John Kennedy Tells Biden OCC Nominee 'I Don't Know Whether to Call You Professor or Comrade'
Biden's Marxist Treasury Nominee Saule Omarova Is a Convicted Thief According to Court Records
Biden Nominee Saule Omarova Worries Bitcoin Might Undermine National Security
Jim Jordan: Appears AG Garland 'Misled' Americans During Congressional Hearing
Portland City Council Votes to Increase Police Funding, Crack Down on Homeless Camping
Rittenhouse Jury Resumes Deliberating for a Third Day After Fresh Mistrial Effort
Judge Ejects MSNBC from Kyle Rittenhouse Courthouse After 'Extremely Serious' Incident of Freelancer Allegedly Following Jury Bus
NBC News Confirms Rittenhouse Trial Incident; Does Not Deny 'Freelancer' Was Told to Follow Jury
Joe Rogan Compares Media Narrative of Rittenhouse Trial to 'Left-Wing Cult'
Multiple Arrests in Kenosha as BLM Protesters Clash with Kyle Rittenhouse Supporters
Even the Washington Post Wonders if the Justice Department Went Too Far in Raiding Project Veritas
Maher: 'If Don Jr. Had Done What Hunter Biden Had Done, It Would Be Every Night, All Night on MSNBC'
Bill Gates has given $319 million to bankroll select media outlets and change the public narrative - and the internet has receipts: Report
Walmart starts using autonomous drones in new delivery service
Space Junk Spreads, Creating Risk of No-Go Zones for Satellites
Longest partial lunar eclipse in nearly 600 years coming tonight
6.2 magnitude earthquake hits near Kokopo, Papua New Guinea
5.8 magnitude earthquake hits near Puerto San Jose Guatemala
5.4 magnitude earthquake hits near Kokopo, Papua New Guinea
5.2 magnitude earthquake hits near Adak, Alaska
5.2 magnitude earthquake hits south of Panama
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits near Nago, Japan
Karymsky volcano on Kamchatka, Russia erupts to 23,000ft
Nevados De Chillan volcano in Chile erupts to 13,000ft
La Palma volcano in the Canary Islands erupts to 12,000ft
Sheveluch volcano on Kamchatka, Russia erupts to 11,000ft
Destructive tornado hits Sicily, killing one and injuring 2 others, Italy
Pacific Northwest towns experience severe damage after devastating floods
Agricultural disaster after record rains cause catastrophic floods in British Columbia, Canada
State of emergency issued in wake of disastrous flooding in British Columbia
Hong Kong launches wild boar hunt as animal attacks lead to crackdown
'Money over Morals for the King': Enes Kanter Slams LeBron James for Ignoring Chinese Genocide
California Plans for a Post-Roe World as Abortion Access Shrinks Elsewhere
New York AG Drops Lawsuit Against Anti-Abortion Protesters
In Catholic Italy, 'de-baptism' is gaining popularity
Christian florist pays gay couple denied wedding services $5,000, withdraws SCOTUS appeal
Swiss government: Same-sex couples can marry starting July 1
Wisconsin parents sue school district over gender pronoun policy
French politicians object to dictionary's use of nonbinary pronoun
Britney Spears Is Finally Free, but Her Battle for Justice Is Far From Over
Britney Spears Just Hinted She's Giving an Oprah Interview on the Full Truth About Her Conservatorship
Britney Spears says her family should 'be in jail' for 'bad things' they did to her
Dad of Disney Star Peyton Clark and Influencer Acacia Kersey Accused of Grooming Underage Girls
11-year-old says she met man charged with sexual assault through Craiglist, called him her 'boyfriend'
A New York judge said it was inappropriate to imprison a 20-year-old who admitted to sexual abuse, including rape, of teens
China Publishes Bizarre 'Email' from Tennis Player Missing Since Accusing Official of Rape
Beitar Jerusalem owner Hogeg arrested for alleged massive crypto fraud, sex crimes
Irreversible Overdoses, Robberies, and Sex Assaults: The 'Terrifying' Rise of Benzo Dope
Surge in Fentanyl Seizures Show Cartels Taking Advantage of Lax Border Policies, DHS Officials Say
Rare, contagious monkeypox virus appears in Maryland after patient returned from overseas travel
A California couple vanished after stealing millions in Covid-19 relief funds. They left a goodbye note for their three kids
Over a Million Americans May Have Permanently Lost Their Sense of Smell to Covid-19
Pfizer Secures $5 Billion From US Government for 10 Million Courses of COVID-19 Pill
Several California children sick after clinic administers wrong COVID vaccine doses
Whistleblower sues to get NIH to release info on China request to scrub COVID info from database
FDA asks court for 55 years to release full data on Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine - A medical transparency group is suing to get the information sooner
Following the science? COVID research undermines mandates, cancel campaigns against doctors
Rand Paul: 'Liar' Fauci Has 'Casual Disdain' for the Bill of Rights, Liberty
Sen. Paul: OSHA's Stay on Mandates Shows 'Sense and Rationality'
Biden Admin. Suspends Vaccine Mandate after Court Ruling - but Legal Battle 'Is Not Over'
GOP-majority court chosen to consider Biden vaccine mandate
Leading health groups urge businesses to voluntarily adopt Biden vaccine-or-test rules
Standoff Over Vaccines Between Oklahoma Governor and Pentagon Intensifies
Florida: Bitter partisan debate dominates as House passes vaccine mandate ban
Florida set to become first state to fine businesses over vaccine mandates, in defiance of Biden administration
Mayor Demings: Florida lawmakers' anti-vaxx mandate 'placed politics over people's safety'
DeSantis Signs Bill Preventing Vaccine Mandates In Brandon, FL: "I'll Take The Constitution, Thank You Very Much"
DeSantis bill signing interrupted by 'Let's go, Brandon!' chants
Rep. Gloria Johnson: Let's Go Brandon 'Should be Equated with Burning the Flag'
Freedom Caucus to Pelosi: We Will Oppose Funding Federal Government While 'Unconstitutional' Vaccine Mandates Continue
TSA screeners face vaccine deadline with up to 40% lacking shots
TSA vaccine mandate could lead to worker shortage ahead of holidays
Nearly One Third Of Healthcare Workers In U.S. Hospitals Are Still Not Vaccinated Against Covid-19, CDC Study Finds, As Vaccine Mandate Looms
New Mexico Democrat Gov Grisham says fully vaccinated 'means three vaccines,' in COVID booster push
Houston Health Dept Workers Caught on VIDEO Going Door-to-Door Asking Residents: "Have you been vaccinated? Which one did you get?"
Conflicts mount on easing COVID-19 restrictions amid autumn case spikes
Bank of America Initiates Pilot Program Separating Vaccinated From Unvaccinated Employees
No Gasoline Without 'COVID Papers'? It's Already Happening in Some Parts of the World
Germany to limit public life for the unvaccinated
Czechs, Slovaks target unvaccinated with new restrictions
Belgium announces new Covid restrictions, but prime minister vows to avoid lockdown
England Last Remaining UK Nation Without Covid Passports After Ulster Vote
Shifting coronavirus testing rules leave travelers frustrated
Fauci: COVID-19 hospitalizations rising among vaccinated
Boston MedFlight Forced To Take Patients Out Of State Due To Hospital Bed Shortage
Millions of people quit their jobs in the 'Great Resignation.' Here is why it may not last long
Inflation is impacting the U.S. 'readiness' for War: Defense Secty Lloyd Austin orders help for struggling military families amid soaring prices
Monetary Stimulus Totals $3.8 Trillion, Fiscal Stimulus Totals $4.8 Trillion Since COVID-19 Began
Yellen Says Biden's $1.2 Trillion Infrastructure Bill Demands Raising Of The Debt Limit 'As Soon As Possible'
Major economists think Biden's spending plan could push inflation even higher
Build Back Better - Wasting Trillions
VP Harris: Bringing Down Inflation 'One of the Highest Priorities'; Says Build Back Better Will Bring Prices Down
Build Back Better? UK Inflation Hits Ten Year High as Food and Fuel Coasts Soar
Biden administration to use Covid relief funds to try to offset rising home heating costs
Warren on Increased Gas Prices: 'This Isn't About Inflation' - It's Price Gouging
Biden's social and climate plan is set for a House vote after analysis shows it adds to the deficit
'This is God's creation': Pelosi invokes religion for climate change action after U.N. summit
Pelosi on $550 billion climate spending: 'For me, it's a religious thing'
Federal Judge Grants Injunction on Biden's Oil, Gas Ban on Federal Lands
Palestinians fear 'civil war' amid growing anarchy
2 border cops stabbed in Jerusalem's Old City; attacker shot dead
Touring northern, southern borders, US envoy pledges Iron Dome replenishment
US said to raise proposed interim deal with Iran in talks with Israel
New IAEA report says Iran has boosted stockpile of highly enriched uranium
Explosion reported at oil pipeline in southern Iran, creating tremors
US: Iran-Backed Hackers Launching Disruptive Cyberattacks on American Firms
At least two people killed in bus bombing in Shi'ite district of Kabul
10 shot dead in crackdown on Sudan anti-coup protests
Afghanistan: One Million Children Suffer from Malnourishment
DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas Admits Failure to Check Afghan Migrants
John Bolton says U.S. should consider ousting Belarus' Lukashenko from office to 'a nice villa on the Riviera'
Poland warns escalating border crisis with Belarus could last "months"
The world is worried Putin is about to invade Ukraine. Here's why
Outcry grows over Russian missile test that hit satellite
Biden's Taiwan Gaffes Risk Real-World Consequences With China
Top general warns China could soon spring surprise nuclear strike on US
Biden Administration to Announce Diplomatic Boycott of 2022 Beijing Olympics: Report
'Foreign' agents pitch has El Salvador civil society on edge
Protesters in Cuba Chant 'We Want Freedom' in Regime Mob's Faces
Welcome packet reveals concierge travel service for Biden illegals, courtesy of nonprofits
Border Chief Alejandro Mayorkas: Our Priority Is Justice, Not Border Security
Feds Raid Home Of Trumpy Colorado Clerk Under Scrutiny After Election Data Leak
Votes to Count 'Even If' Mailed In on Napkins: Washington State Official
Horned, spear-wielding 'QAnon shaman' sentenced to 41 months for Jan. 6 riot
Pentagon didn't delay sending Guardsmen to Capitol on Jan. 6, report conflicts with Pelosi narrative
House votes to censure GOP Rep. Paul Gosar over video depicting killing of AOC
Rittenhouse Jury Asks About Videos; Judge: 'My Nightmare Has Come True'
Kyle Rittenhouse Lawyers Request Mistrial, Argue Prosecution Withheld Video Evidence
Rittenhouse Prosecutor: We Did Not Alter the Video Evidence
Judge Blasts Media for 'Misinformation' in Kyle Rittenhouse Trial
Kyle Rittenhouse judge rips media, says he'll 'think long and hard' about allowing televised trials in future
Loud protests spark concerns of jury intimidation during Rittenhouse deliberations
Prosecution's Star Witness in Kyle Rittenhouse Trial Has a Lengthy Criminal Record
Gun-Control Support Drops Amid Growing Crime and Firearm Purchases
Democrats May Force Women to Register for Draft
Trump threatens lawsuit if Pulitzer board doesn't strip awards from NY Times, Washington Post
"Objective Journalism Is Not Feasible Anymore:" Project Veritas Whistleblower Exposes CBS Affiliate's Depraved Diversity Training
Google Is to Blame for Tuesday's Widespread Internet Outage
Singapore's tech-utopia dream is turning into a surveillance state nightmare
'New world order': Asia's virtual influencers offer metaverse glimpse
Fortnite gamemaker Epic CEO says Metaverse is a multi-trillion-dollar opportunity
Bill Gates venture picks Wyoming city for experimental nuclear plant
Daylight fireball over the Northeastern U.S.
5.5 magnitude earthquake hits near Campo Gallo, Argentina
5.3 magnitude earthquake hits near Kokopo, Papua New Guinea
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits near Dazhong, China
Magnitude 3.8 earthquake rattles East Bay
Scottish earthquake: Tremors from Lochgilphead felt in Edinburgh
Reventador volcano in Ecuador erupts to 20,000ft
Waterspout outbreak over the central Mediterranean Sea
The Pacific Northwest Is in the Midst of a 'Cascading Hazard' - The intense mudslides after record rains have been made worse by this summer's hellacious wildfire season
British Columbia storm: Highway snaps in half, Vancouver cut off as province grapples with floods
Pacific north-west floods latest: Canada's Trudeau deploys air force to 'terrifically bad situation'
Israel's Knesset committee calls for climate change to be seen as a national security issue
U.S. holds historic oil and gas lease sale in Gulf of Mexico days after climate summit
'Electric' Joe Biden Promises Green U.S. Utopia with Vehicle Chargers for All
Republicans Demand Ed. Secretary Miguel Cardona Turn over Communications RE: NSBA Letter Targeting Parents
Department of Justice, Education Bureaucracy Have 'Declared War on Parents' as Whistleblower Reveals Use of Counterterrorism Tools
GOP Blasts AG Garland After FBI Whistleblower Exposes 'Counterterrorism Tools' Used Against Parents: 'Disgrace'
Jim Jordan: They're Putting a 'Terrorist Tag' on Moms and Dads, for Goodness' Sake
Pastor of Brazil's first trans church preaches inclusion
Catholic Football Player Suspended for Saying There Are Two Genders
An Oregon man was charged with a hate crime after brutally beating a gay man he targeted on Grindr, feds say
IOC: Trans Athletes Should Not Have to Lower Testosterone to Compete
Florida Parents Sue School for Secretly 'Transitioning' 13-Year-Old Daughter
Prof placed on leave after saying sexual attraction to kids not always immoral
New Docs Confirm Billionaire Was Subject of Child Porn Probe
Catholic bishops approve document that falls short of denying communion to Biden or other politicians who support abortion rights
'Stop Murdering for Organs': NBA Player Tells Beijing to End Forced Organ Harvesting
FBI investigating vials labeled 'smallpox' found in lab near Philadelphia
Experimental Anti-Tick Vaccine Aims to Stop Bites That Could Spread Lyme
CDC: Drug Overdoses Reach Record High Under Joe Biden
Drug overdose deaths top 100,000 annually for the first time, driven by fentanyl, CDC data show
Biden on new record high for US overdose deaths: 'We cannot overlook this epidemic of loss'
Overdose Deaths Reached Record High as the Pandemic Spread
Eating disorder hospitalizations doubled during COVID-19 pandemic, new data shows
Cuomo May Have to Forfeit Millions of Dollars Tied to Pandemic Memoir
Florida teacher at center of ivermectin lawsuit dies of COVID; husband says 'name a law after her'
Texas Doctor Resigns After Hospital Suspends, Investigates Her For Warning About Covid Shots, Promoting Ivermectin
Thousands apply for government scheme to compensate COVID-19 vaccine reactions
The Ottawa Senators Have a 100% Vaccination Rate - and 40% of the Team Has Tested Positive for Covid
New England Journal of Medicine Study: Vaccine Immunity Wanes Against COVID Virus After Only 2 Months
Hospitalizations rising among fully vaccinated in U.S., Fauci says
The definition of 'fully vaccinated' is changing to three Covid-19 doses
Egypt Imposes Vaccine Mandate on Public Sector, University Students
DeSantis on Florida Potentially Ditching OSHA: 'They Don't Recognize Core Scientific Facts'
OSHA announces it will comply with the 5th Circuit's court order. The agency says it has suspended implementation and enforcement of its vaccine mandate pending further court action.
Over 160 Republican Lawmakers Rally Behind Resolution to 'Nullify' Biden's Vaccine Mandate
All 50 Senate Republicans to formally challenge Biden OSHA vaccine mandate
Lawmakers Call to Defund Biden Over Vaccine Rule
Conservative-leaning appeals court to hear challenges to Biden's vaccine mandate after ping-pong ball lottery
Two Texas Children Vaccinated Without Authorization While Trick-Or-Treating, One Immediately Experiences Adverse Reactions
Disney Cruise to require children 5 and up to have COVID-19 vaccination
Youngkin Will Allow Virginia Counties, Cities, K-12 Public Schools To Mandate COVID-19 Vaccines And Masks
Pentagon Threatens Oklahoma Over Vaccine Mandate - May Lose National Guard Status and Label Them "Militia"
'No vaccine required' is the latest tactic to attract workers
Experts warn struggling worldwide supply chain is being further threatened - by pirates
Beef Prices Rise 20.1% Due to Increased Consumer Demand and Labor Shortage
Natural gas prices in Europe soar as Germany suspends approval for Nord Stream 2 pipeline
Report: Joe Biden Asked China to Produce More Oil
Barrasso: Russian Oil Tankers Will Deliver in Boston Harbor This Winter as Result of Biden Policies
Biden asks FTC to see if oil companies engaging in 'illegal conduct' as his inflation problems mount
'Full Meltdown Mode': Psaki Slammed For Claiming Republicans Are 'Rooting For Inflation'
Top Obama advisers turn on Biden after repeatedly warning of rising inflation
Powell's Five Inflation Benchmarks Are Starting to Flash Amber
Congress could face mid-December debt disaster, Yellen warns
Greed outpacing fear in world markets, Goldman Sachs CEO says
Republicans to Reveal Biden Banking Nominee's Radical Vision to Close Americans' Bank Accounts
US envoy to UN urges Gantz: Refrain from moves that undercut two-state solution
Palestinians say man killed in clashes with Israeli troops in northern West Bank
Syria claims Israel launched missiles towards Damascus
Israeli missiles target empty warehouse near Damascus, Syria says
US ambassador and MK Benny Gantz discuss regional instability caused by Iran
Visiting IDF exercise, Bennett and Gantz say Israel ready to act against Iran
Iran said to resume work at centrifuge plant allegedly targeted by Israel
Iran Resumes Production of Advanced Nuclear-Program Parts, Diplomats Say
Iran's Raisi tells Putin: Tehran is 'absolutely serious' about nuclear talks
Video appears to show Iranian helicopter's "unsafe" maneuver near U.S. warship
Congress Moves To Strong-Arm Biden, Impose Houthi Sanctions Removed by Admin
Turkey offers to help Lebanon with crisis with Gulf nations
2 Explosions Rock Uganda's Capital, Kampala, Injuring 24
Peaceful Protesters Against Police Brutality in Nigeria Shot, Killed by Army, Police: Panel
Candidacy of Gaddafi's son, Haftar creates 'farcical' Libya vote
Aung San Suu Kyi charged with election fraud by Myanmar junta
5 Navy SEALs running for Congress rip Biden over 'retreat' from Afghanistan
In Taliban-Ruled Afghanistan, Infant Girls Offered for Future Marriage Amid Economic Crisis
Violence erupts on Poland-Belarus border as Polish guards fire water cannon on migrants throwing rocks
U.S., NATO, EU Rally to Support Ukraine as Russia Masses Troops on Border
Russia admits destroying satellite, denies endangering International Space Station
Russia calls U.S. 'hypocritical' for condemning anti-satellite weapons test
Satellites, ships in crosshairs: Are Russia, China running circles around US? - analysis
Biden-Xi talks: China warns US about 'playing with fire' on Taiwan
World's Worst Human Rights Criminal Xi Jinping Threatens to 'Burn' Biden over Taiwan
China took control of an Italian military drone maker without authorities knowing it, report says
Cuban dissidents arrested, mass protest thwarted as police swamp streets
With Cuban dissidents wary or in jail, call for fresh protests falls flat
Texas lawmaker uncovers secret operation to move migrants across the US, house them in abandoned hotels
Cruz confronts Mayorkas with photo of migrants sleeping on floor at Texas facility: 'Biden cages'
'You're Stupid': Democrats 'Freaked Out' over 'Tense Year of Infighting'
Biden Admin Looking to Dump Kamala Harris? Fox Reporter Given Tip to 'Familiarize Yourself With Confirmation Process' for Replacing a Vice President
Former US Attorney Bill Barr says he got into a shouting match with Maria Bartiromo over election fraud claims
Caught on Video: Wisconsin Election Officials Admitted to Telling Election Officials to Break the Law Before 2020 Presidential Election
Grassley, Johnson question DOJ over contrary statements on Chinese connection to Hunter Biden
Cotton probes for DOJ employees spilling beans on investigation into missing Ashley Biden diary
Rittenhouse Judge Tells Jury to Ignore Biden, Who Once Suggested Teen is a 'White Supremacist'
Two Jurors Holding Decision Up, Outright Citing Backlash, Per US Marshal in Kenosha
Kyle Rittenhouse defense team seeks mistrial, claiming prosecutorial misconduct
Nolte: Rittenhouse-Lying Media Deliberately Incite Riots in Democrat-run Cities
Bokhari: Silicon Valley Found Kyle Rittenhouse Guilty Long Before His Trial
South Korea Is Giving Millions of Photos to Facial Recognition Researchers
5.3 magnitude earthquake hits the South Indian Ocean
Semisopochnoi volcano in the Aleutian Islands erupts to 10,000ft
City in British Columbia had its hottest day on record this summer. 140 days later, it had its wettest
Atmospheric river hits British Columbia, causing major floods and landslides, Canada
Floodwaters rush through several Pacific Northwest towns amid record rainfall
Mount Vernon recommends evacuation, declares civil emergency in wake of heavy flooding
Severe damage after cricket ball-sized hail hits Lydenburg, South Africa
India orders 'work from home' over Delhi pollution
New Barna Survey Finds That 38% of US Pastors Have Considered Leaving Ministry
House Republicans Obtain Whistleblower Docs Showing FBI Used Counterterrorism Unit to Add "Threat Tags" to Parents - Contradicting Garland's Sworn Testimony
Sen. Hawley to Introduce 'Parents' Bill of Rights' to Protect Role in Education
Loudoun school board agrees to reverse suspension of teacher who spoke out against transgender policy
Girl, 16, says she was raped by hundreds of men in western India
Texas church under fire after chants of viral anti-Biden phrase caught on video: 'Gut-wrenching'
US Bishops to Weigh Communion Rules That Could Rebuke Biden Over Abortion
Americans broadly support Supreme Court upholding Roe v. Wade and oppose Texas abortion law, Post-ABC poll finds
Concentration Camp Survivor: China Killed My Baby in Unknown 'Surgery'
Dr. Fauci Says It's "Conceivable" Covid-19 in US Gets Downgraded to Endemic Level Next Year
Pfizer, BioNTech, Moderna making $1,000 profit every second: analysis
Pfizer strikes global licensing deal for antiviral COVID pill
Pfizer Agrees to Let Other Companies Make Its COVID-19 Pill
Oklahoma Doctors Have Tremendous Success in Treating Nursing Home COVID Patients with Ivermectin
Florida Woman Whose Family Sued Hospital for Ivermectin Dies
Israel: Anti-vaxxer addresses Knesset video conference - apparently invited by mistake
New Zealand Maori tribe demands vaccine protesters stop performing haka dance
'It's unacceptable': Several Calif. children sick after receiving wrong dose of COVID vaccine
Biden administration plans imminent booster expansion to all adults
No matter how old you are, two shots of Pfizer vaccine don't last – study
COVID-19 outbreak at Connecticut nursing home leaves eight dead, dozens infected - 87 of the 89 people were fully vaccinated
Despite NHL's 99% Vaccination Rate, Ottawa Senators Games Postponed Due To COVID
German Media Reports 'Puzzling' Surge in Heart Disease Among Soccer Players
Tennis superstar Rafael Nadal calls those refusing the COVID vaccine 'selfish'
Reports: Pro MMA fighter arrested for allegedly stabbing, killing doctor after COVID-19 vaccine argument
Specter of new restrictions rises in Europe with coronavirus cases spiking once again
Dutch plan to drop 'corona pass' for unvaccinated faces political push back
Germany Could Make COVID-19 Test or Vaccine Mandatory for Public Transport
Italian Government Raids Homes of Anti-Vaccine Passport Activists
Gibraltar: Most Vaxxed Country in the World Cancels Christmas Due to Huge COVID Spike - Suggesting the Vax May Not Be So Effective?
Times Square is back open on New Year's Eve - with vax proof
Rep. Ralph Norman: If Vaccine Mandates Are Based in Science, Why Are They Letting Unvaccinated Illegals into the Country?
Ronna McDaniel: RNC Will Fight Biden's Unconstitutional Vaccine Mandate
Rep. Ralph Norman Introduces Legislation to Protect Students, Employees from Vaccine Mandates
12 More States Sue Biden Administration Over Vaccine Mandate
Court Lottery Gives Biden Admin Chance to Revive COVID Vaccine Mandate
Ping-pong ball bounce could determine vaccine mandate's fate
6th Circuit Court 'wins' lottery to hear lawsuits against Biden's vaccine rule
Georgia National Guard's Top General: 'It's Cut and Dry' My Soldiers Must Get Vaccine
Pentagon Says It Can Overrule Oklahoma Guard on Vaccinations
Oklahoma Bill Would Allow Workers To Sue Employers For $1M Over Harm From Vaccine Requirements
New York sanitation workers suspended amid probe into fake vaccine cards
Millions of Britons face blackouts as Russia sparks winter of hell fears: 'Not enough gas'
Turkish lira slides to new low after jump in US inflation
'We don't deserve this': Inflation hits Turkish people hard
Wall Street bankers and traders are in line for the biggest bonus increases since 2009
Yellen warns US could default soon after Dec. 15
Group of ex-IDF generals urges MKs to back US reopening of Jerusalem consulate
Visiting US envoy to Bennett: Biden shares commitment to new 'spirit of cooperation'
Israel will push states to boost aid to Palestinians at donor confab, minister says
Settlers said to attack Palestinians near evacuated outpost; IDF called in
450 settler attacks on Palestinians in two years: Israeli NGO
Is That Kosher? Rabbis Debate Plant-Based 'Pork'
EU Imposes New Sanctions on Syrian Government Ministers
Netanyahu slams term limit bill as 'Iranian'; Sa'ar: He once agreed to pass it
Lapid said to tell US envoy: Iran has no intention of rejoining nuke deal
Attack on Burkina Faso defence outpost kills at least 20
In first, Russian test strikes satellite using Earth-based missile
Russian missile test causes debris cloud threatening International Space Station
Astronauts shelter in space capsules as debris comes close to space station
'Irresponsible act': U.S. raps Russia after missile strike on its own satellite
Russia starts missile supplies to India despite U.S. sanctions risk
NATO warns Russia over Ukraine military build-up
Poland Warns Migrants Massed on Border 'Force May Be Used Against You'
Boris Govt Sends Troops to Defend Polish Border, Chastises Putin as Macron Lets Boat Migrants Flood UK
Biden opens virtual meeting with China's Xi Jinping, saying goal is to ensure competition 'does not veer into conflict'
UK raises terror threat to 'severe' following deadly Liverpool taxi explosion
Cuba's Government Deploys Security Forces to Prevent Protest
Steve Bannon arrested on contempt charges for refusing to give info on Capitol raid
Trump ally Steve Bannon released without bail after handing over passport in Jan. 6 contempt case
Bannon indictment defies history of Congress' contempt power
Misdemeanor From Hell: Defiant Bannon Tells Biden He Picked The Wrong Target in Fiery Courthouse Speech
Steve Bannon surrenders and says: "We're taking down the Biden regime"
Trump impeachment lawyer David Schoen to represent Steve Bannon
Chris Christie blames Trump's rhetoric about stolen election for January 6 insurrection
Proud Boys leader seeks release from D.C. jail, alleging inhumane conditions
Wisconsin Senate Committee Subpoenas Absentee Ballots and Voting Machine Records from City of Madison from 2020 Election
Texas Dem switches to Republican Party over defunding the police, 'chaos' on the border
US braced for verdicts from two high-profile trials
White House Condemns 'Vigilantes' as Kyle Rittenhouse Trial Wraps Up
Rittenhouse Prosecutor Titters, Mocks Concerns over Rioter Using 'N-Word'
Rittenhouse Prosecutor Thomas Binger's Closing Argument: "You Lose the Right to Self-Defense When You're the One Who Brought the Gun"
Rittenhouse Prosecutor Thomas Binger Breaks Basic Gun Safety Rules Holding Rifle in Courtroom
Judge dismisses misdemeanor gun charge against Rittenhouse
Rittenhouse 'Should Be Acquitted,' Sue Media For 'Deliberate And Willful Lies,' Harvard Professor Says
YouTube Censors Independent Streams of Rittenhouse Trial
Senate Candidate Josh Mandel Slams 'Silicon Valley Thugs' After Facebook Censors Rittenhouse Meme
6 teens hospitalized after shooting at park near their high school in Aurora, Colorado
Gunmen in Mexico kill family of 5, wound 8-month old baby
U.S., Israel announce cybersecurity joint task force
FBI probes cyber-attack emails sent from internal server
Ohio Sues Facebook over Securities Fraud Based on Allegations of Harm to Children
Lawsuit: Amazon Delivery Crash Was Caused by Company's Relentless Algorithms
The Beaver Moon lunar eclipse on Nov. 19 will be the longest of the century
Partial lunar eclipse of November 19, 2021 - the longest since 1440 and until 2669
6.0 magnitude earthquake hits the South Indian Ocean
5.6 magnitude earthquake hits the southern East Pacific Rise
5.2 magnitude earthquake hits near Bandar Abbas, Iran
Sabancaya volcano in Peru erupts to 26,000ft
'Wild' weekend tornado outbreak rattles the Northeast
Rare tornadoes hit Rhode Island and Connecticut, the first in November since at least 1950
4th tornado confirmed on Long Island as storm cleanup continues
Historic flooding underway in parts of Western Washington
Rainstorms Force Evacuation of Canadian Town, Shut Down Major Oil Pipeline
More than 500 hospitalized from scorpion stings after storm in Egypt
New Delhi's air pollution is so bad, officials are calling for a citywide lockdown
Vatican Slams India over COP-Copout in Midst of 'Pollution Lockdown'
White House Says Higher Gas Prices Show Need for Green Transition
Schumer Calls Out Biden Inaction on Gas Prices: 'We Need Immediate Relief'
Commentary: Biden Targets the Religious Freedom of Federal Contractors
Michael Flynn calls for US to have 'one religion,' sparks outrage from Jewish groups
Whitlock: Dems Masking Hatred of Truth, God with 'Satanic' Spread of 'Absurdities'
Band Apologizes After Female Lead Singer Calls Fan on the Stage Then Pees on His Face
Women to sue Qatar for invasive airport body searches, a case highlighting rights concerns ahead of 2022 World Cup
'It's A Free Country': Man Threatens TSA Agent's Life, Throws Checkpoint Stanchion, Strips Naked & Masturbates, Charges State
Cambridge Mayor Andrew Bradshaw Charged With Distributing Revenge Porn On Reddit
Study: Teens and tweens are sharing more nude pictures
Virginia prof under fire after saying sexual attraction to children isn't always immoral
RNC's McDaniel in hot seat with evangelicals after creating gay pride initiative
Marvel Studios Exec Indicates She Will Fight to Put Trans Characters in Disney Superhero Films
New Hampshire high schooler allegedly suspended for saying there are 'only two genders' sues school district
Merriam-Webster Dictionary Adds 'Fourth-Trimester' to Describe Newborns as 'More Fetus-Like Than Baby-Like'
Birth After Death: Should Parents Be Allowed to Harvest Sperm of Fallen Soldiers
Health workers in China are killing pets while their owners are in quarantine
China Left in Shock Following Brutal Killing of Corgi During Covid-19 Disinfection
The killing of a corgi shows how government power has grown unchecked in China in the name of Covid prevention
Ahead of COVID jabs: Can hypnosis help kids overcome fear of needles?
Anti-vaxxers who have to get COVID-19 shots are taking baths in borax
Belgium's most-vaccinated province also has highest number of Covid cases
OSHA Vaccine Rule Blocked Permanently by Fifth Circuit, But Judicial Review Will Continue
U.S. Chamber of Commerce says businesses should implement vaccine mandate until it is 'shut down'
Labor unions sue Biden administration to expand Covid vaccine mandates and cover smaller businesses
Judge rejects Sidney Powell's challenge to Pentagon's vaccine mandate
Idaho Lawmakers Meet to Take on Federal Vaccine Requirements
Fauci: "Misplaced Perception" to Place Individual Freedoms Over "Societal Safety"
With swastikas and yellow star, anti-vaxxers protest New York Jewish politician
Newsom Quietly Extends California's 'State of Emergency' for Third Time
Brits Will Need 3 Jabs to Be Considered 'Fully Vaccinated': UK Prime Minister Johnson
No End in Sight to Inflation Unless Fed Makes 'Significant' Course Correction: Larry Summers
Inflation emerges as defining economic challenge of Biden presidency, with no obvious solution at hand
Commentary: Biden's 'Solution' to Inflation Is What Got Us Into This Mess to Begin With
Despite supply-chain logjams, infrastructure bill allocates $250M to target truck emissions at ports
Biden signs infrastructure bill with several key Republicans in attendance
Israeli Ministers approve bill setting term limits for prime ministers
4 hurt, 19 arrested in mass armed brawl at Beersheba hospital
Next 48 hours 'critical' for Israel couple held in Turkey as suspected spies
'Death to Jews': Polish nationalists burn book on Jewish rights at rally
Lapid condemns antisemitic book burning in Poland: 'Shocking show of hatred'
Polish president denounces antisemitism at nationalist rally as 'treason'
South Africa shuns its beauty queen for not boycotting Miss Universe in Israel
Son of late Libyan dictator Muammar Gadhafi runs for president
Tunisians rally to denounce Saied's power grab
US defends air strikes that killed civilians in Syria
In US, Iran's chief rabbi says he feared vengeance after Soleimani killing
Belarus Airline Bans Syrian, Iraqi, Yemeni Passengers as EU Migrant Crisis Sanctions Loom
US Actions in Ukraine Backfiring as Risk of Russian Invasion Grows, Analysts Say
Vladimir Putin Says Russia Black Sea Exercises Were Rejected to Avoid Escalation With NATO
Blinken expresses concerns over pressure on Taiwan in call with Chinese counterpart
Counterterrorism Police Investigating Car Explosion Outside British Hospital
Blinken Condemns Cuba for 'Intimidation' Ahead of Planned Protests
Kyle Rittenhouse's Mom Comments On Possible Lawsuit Against Joe Biden
Politicians face violence and threats from voters - and each other. Are we nearing a civil war?
Trump Blasts Politicized Justice: Biden's US 'Radicalized Mess,' 'Going to Hell'
Republicans Saying Trump Likely to Be Reinstated by Year's End Jumps to 28 Percent
Schiff says Jan. 6 House committee will move quickly to refer Meadows for criminal contempt
Mark Meadows: Dems Desperate to Keep Focus on Jan. 6
Trump comes to Bannon's defense, says contempt prosecution proof 'USA is a radicalized mess'
Charles Dolan's Involvement in Dossier Means DOJ, FBI Withheld Information: Kash Patel
Doug Collins: Hillary Started Russia Hoax to Cover Her Email Scandal
Twitter's Treatment of Project Veritas Reveals Double Standard on Leaked Materials
ACLU warns of 'precedent' set by DOJ raid of Project Veritas: 'Serious consequences'
Kamala Harris Tells Staffers to Call on List of Pre-Approved Reporters
US announces partnership with Israel to combat ransomware
Yes, astronauts saw it too. Fireballs twice streak across N.J. skies in a few days.
People Flee Homes as Quakes Strike Southern Iran, Killing at Least One
5.3 magnitude earthquake hits near Yilan, Taiwan
Sangay volcano in Ecuador erupts to 24,000ft
Denmark spent over $150,000 to rid a beach of debris and seaweed, then dumped it in the water with a bulldozer
50 years of predictions that the climate apocalypse is nigh
Pope Francis again calls for climate action. U.S. bishops have been all but silent
US Bishops Set to Debate Biden's Eligibility for Communion
More turn to abortion pills by mail, with legality uncertain
9-year-old trampled at Astroworld dies from his injuries, family says
Rep. Jim Jordan calls on National School Boards Association leaders to testify - criticized the NSBA for equating parents to domestic terrorists
Border agents ordered to cease deporting Nicaraguans under public health emergency authority
Climate Change May Cause Increased Rates of Heart Defects in Babies
A Texas doctor who defended ivermectin as a treatment for COVID-19 and criticized vaccine mandates has been suspended
Hospital System That Operates in 19 States Blocked From Firing Workers Over Vaccine: Oklahoma AG
13-Year-Old Watches Father Die as Staffing Shortages From Covid Vaccine Mandate in Seattle Delays Emergency Response
Taiwan Suspends Second Round of Pfizer COVID Vaccines for Children Due to Heart Problems
Maryland elementary school accidentally vaccinates wrong student in mix-up
Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger lands on COVID list despite being vaccinated
Dr. Fauci Admits Vaccines Did Not Work as Advertised and that Vaccinated Are in Great Danger Today
RFK Jr. Completely Dismantles the "Covid Misinformation" Narrative - "It's a Euphemism For Any Statement That Departs From Official Government Policy" - "They Are Engineering Destruction of Democracy Worldwide"
Legal rebuke: Federal appeals court orders Biden not to enforce 'fatally flawed' vaccine mandate
Lawsuits challenging Biden vaccine mandates mount, likely heading to U.S. Supreme Court
Biden's Justice Department pledges to 'vigorously defend' vaccine mandate
DeSantis brings back Florida lawmakers to crack down on pandemic mandates
Dems Push Biden on Domestic Flight Vaccine Mandate as Millions Plan to Travel for Holidays
Austria orders nationwide lockdown for the unvaccinated, starting Monday
Israel's Health chief warns travel restrictions possible for Europe amid COVID outbreaks
Biden concedes his COVID stimulus checks fueled spike in inflation
Spiking inflation imperils passage of Biden's $1.75 trillion spending bill
Bidenomics: Far more available jobs than workers as millions resign
Yellen admits labor participation 'quite depressed' compared to pre-pandemic levels
Yellen: Inflation Will End When Pandemic Is Under Control
Supermarkets Alter Layouts, Use Decoys to Fill Gaps Left by Shortages
MSNBC anchor deemed 'Stephanie Antoinette' after arguing Americans can afford more expensive groceries
Biden Must Tap Oil Reserves to Lower Gasoline Prices, Schumer Says
Tom Cotton: High Gas Prices 'Intended Effect of Joe Biden's Energy Policy,' It Is Not 'Some Accident'
Sasse Sounds Alarm on Kerry's Investment Ties to Chinese Slave Labor
Yellen says economic slowdown in China would have "global consequences"
US, Qatar 'deeply concerned' about West Bank, Gaza
Sudan security forces kill anti-coup protester as military grip tightens
Gunmen kill 2 of 66 kidnapped Baptist church members in Nigeria; 3 injured
Ukraine says Russia has nearly 100,000 troops near its border
Britain's army chief warns risk of accidental war with Russia is greater than during Cold War
China warns US not to support Taiwan independence
Biden expresses 'great concern' over Belarus-Poland border crisis
Putin: Russia Has 'Nothing to Do With' Poland-Belarus Border Crisis
Migrants Say Belarusians Took Them to E.U. Border and Supplied Wire Cutters
EU Threatens to Punish Hungary Over Migration Policy
Battle among Ecuador prison gangs kills at least 68 inmates
Cuban government, dissidents head toward Monday confrontation
Andrew Sullivan says America's democracy is at risk because citizens can't compromise
Dershowitz: Liberal Media, Not Rittenhouse, Guilty of 'Vigilante Justice'
Investigator who helped unravel Russia case says next mission is forcing media corrections
WaPo Issues Massive Correction About Steele Dossier, Says It Can Not Stand By The Accuracy Of Two Stories
Dominion Sues Fox Corp to Learn Murdochs' Election Coverage Role
Project Veritas Tells Judge It Was Assured Biden Diary Was Legally Obtained
Company co-founded by Nancy Pelosi's son charged with securities fraud
Hackers compromise FBI email system, send thousands of messages
5.5 magnitude earthquake hits the southern Mid-Atlantic Ridge
5.5 magnitude earthquake hits near Mata-Utu, Wallis and Futuna
5.3 magnitude earthquake hits Western Australia
5.2 magnitude earthquake hits the southern Mid-Atlantic Ridge
5.1 magnitude earthquake hits the South Sandwich Islands region
Popocateptl volcano in Mexico erupts to 20,000ft
Fuego volcano in Guatemala erupts to 16,000ft
Freak storm lashes NYC area with dime-sized hail, possible tornado
Delhi shuts schools as it mulls 'pollution lockdown'
Nations reach climate change agreement in Glasgow but follow-through in doubt
World nations strike climate deal, watering down pledges on coal
'Queer' Academic Denounces Stigma Against Pedophiles
Pope thanks journalists for helping expose Church sex scandals
Celebrated Haredi children's author accused of sexually abusing teen girls
Durham University Is Offering Students Lessons on How to Be a Prostitute
Scorpion swarms kill 3, injure hundreds in Egyptian city
Nanotechnology and medicine: Gold could be the unexpected secret weapon against antibiotic resistance
Commentary: The perils of the risk-averse society - Do we really want to live like this?
Initial Reports Coming Out of China Indicate There Was a New COVID-19 Lab Leak at University in Shanghai
Snow leopards die of Covid-19 complications at Nebraska zoo
Revealed: Thousands of double jabbed over 50s have died from COVID in the last 4 weeks
War Memorial Defaced With The Words "The Real Heroes Are The Vaccinated!"
Military Branches Have Not Granted Any Religious Exemption Requests From Vaccine Mandate: Filings
Oklahoma Guard goes rogue, rejects COVID vaccine mandate after sudden change of command
Pentagon says it will respond to Oklahoma's governor after state's National Guard rejects its vaccine mandate
Tennessee Governor Signs Law to Ban COVID-19 Vaccine Passports
Florida Surgeon General Ladapo: 'We Can Expect More of the Same and Worse' if People Don't Speak Up Against Mandates
California School Board Votes to Reject Vaccine Mandate
As the US races to vaccinate kids against COVID-19, some countries hold back
Ron Klain retweet spurs court to slam brakes on Biden vaccine mandate - praised it as "the ultimate work-around" to avoid sticky constitutional challenges
Holiday hell: 3 in 5 Americans banning unvaccinated relatives from family gatherings
Ships Keep Coming, Pushing U.S. Port Logjam and Waits to Records
World's Largest Meat Company Warns Labor Shortages "Holding Back Production"
US Inflation more horrible than Washington admits
Biden's Banking Nominee Calls to Eliminate All 'Private Bank Accounts'
2 Palestinians said wounded as settlers open fire during West Bank clashes
Lack of contact from Iran's government 'astonishing': UN nuclear watchdog
UN rep slams Lebanon central bank chief over economic crisis
Turkey jails Kurdish politician's wife over miscarriage form typo
Houthi Rebels in Yemen Occupy U.S. Embassy Compound, Hold Hostages
At least 15 wounded after mosque bombed in Afghanistan
Qatar to represent U.S. interests in Afghanistan, Blinken says
House Democrats Are Challenging Joe Biden's Huge Arms Deal With Saudi Arabia
Baltic states warn of possible military escalation at Belarus border
NATO says it remains vigilant over risk of escalation at Belarus borders
Europe Sees 'a New Type of War,' Accusing Belarus of Weaponizing Migrants
Belarus threatens to choke off EU gas supply over border dispute
UK Warns Against Getting Involved as NATO Ally Poland Weathers Attacks From Moscow-Backed Belarus
Russia Accuses US Military of 'Aggressive' Action in Black Sea Region: Ifax
Biden, Xi to hold virtual summit on Monday to discuss tensions
China slams U.S. democracy as a 'game of the rich,' at an event promoting Xi's growing power
U.S. Companies Aid China's Bid for Chip Dominance Despite Security Concerns
Norwegian Undersea Surveillance Network Had Its Cables Mysteriously Cut
Cuba braces for unrest as playwright turned activist rallies protesters
Haiti Slides Deeper Into Chaos a Month After Missionaries' Kidnapping
Bolivians Organize National Strike Against Socialism
The Bolsonaro-Trump Connection Threatening Brazil's Elections
Pennsylvania Republicans Lay Out Legislation to Create New Bureau of Election Audits
Virginia envisages moving Election Day electronic poll books online, despite alleged fraud risks
Federal grand jury indicts former Trump adviser Steve Bannon for contempt of Congress
Meadows fails to appear before Jan. 6 panel, could face contempt
Trump defends supporters who threatened to 'hang Mike Pence' on Jan. 6: 'It's common sense'
Bernstein: Pence People 'Willing and Want to Talk' to January 6 Committee
Dems' Russia-ruse exposed: The Durham indictments explained
New York Times Attacks Project Veritas, James O'Keefe for Using Lawyers
Man arrested for threatening to kill GOP congressman who voted for Biden's infrastructure bill
'Let's Go Brandon' Rapper Bryson Gray Releases New Song 'Thanks, YouTube' After Ban Helped His Song Become a #1 Hit on iTunes
The Metaverse Is the Ultimate Surveillance Tool - Silicon Valley is rushing to build the next big thing and people should be skeptical of their intent
Cryptocurrency faces a quantum computing problem
Bitcoin Mining Noise Drives Neighbors Nuts - a Giant Dentist Drill That Won't Stop
Hypersonic Sticker Shock: U.S. Weapons May Run $106 Million Each
International Space Station nearly struck by Chinese satellite debris
An 'earthgrazer' flew 'a whopping 186 miles' over 2 states - then vanished, NASA says
Very bright fireball seen over western Japan, changing color from green to red
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits near Padangsidempuan, Indonesia
Ruiz volano in Colombia erupts to 21,000ft
Sangay volcano in Ecuador erupts to 19,000ft
Fuego volcano in Guatemala erupts of 16,000ft
New lava delta forming at La Palma, over 2,600 homes destroyed since the start of eruption, Canary Islands
Large methane emissions leaking from landfills close to the center of Madrid, Spain
Record-Breaking Snowstorm Kills 6.4 Million Livestock In China
India's pollution board says prepare for emergency steps as Delhi's smog worsens
Morris: Hunter Biden Advised Dad to Have 'Empathy' at Climate Summit - Where Super-Polluter China Signed Face-Saving Agreement with America
Department of Defense Says China and Climate Change Are 'Equally Important' Threats to America
Texas Border Patrol agents arrest four MS-13 gang members in 14-hour span, 2 previously deported
New York state mayor declares state of emergency over record gun violence
Los Angeles Police Dept tells residents to 'cooperate and comply' with robbers as street robberies increase
Wisconsin Gov. Evers Authorizes Use of 500 National Guard Troops as Rittenhouse Case Ends
McDonald's CEO Faces Growing Criticism After Blaming Gun Victim Text
Man admits to killing grandma in shocking Truth or Dare confession
American CEO of Barclays Jes Staley resigns after probe into Epstein ties
Jes Staley reportedly exchanged 1,200 emails with Jeffrey Epstein in four years
Jes Staley used mystery phrase 'snow white' in emails with Jeffrey Epstein
Country Music Awards Broadcasts Its First-Ever Gay Kiss Between T.J. Osborne and Boyfriend
Arizona school board president kept sensitive personal information on protesting parents, documents suggest
White House tries to distance itself from DOJ, NSBA memos, but says meeting was 'standard practice'
Lax borders, lethal overdoses: The rising toll of Biden's hands-off immigration enforcement
Veterans Have Become Unlikely Lobbyists in Push to Legalize Psychedelic Drugs
New Study Reveals Cannabis Use By Adults 18-44 Could Lead To Higher Risk Of Heart Attack Than Non-Users
Manchin opposes Biden FDA nominee, citing ties to 'greed' of pharmaceutical industry
J&J to spin off consumer products and focus on pharmaceuticals
Mutation Linked to Remdesivir Resistance Found in Covid Patient
Gates calls for 'new way of doing' vaccines since they don't 'block transmission' of COVID
Scientists Are Attempting to Grow Covid Vaccine-Filled Spinach, Lettuce, Edible Plants To Replace Covid Injections
House committee releases new evidence from investigation into Trump administration interference with CDC during Covid-19 pandemic
Appeals court re-affirms stay on Biden workplace vaccine mandate, cites 'severe' risks
Hume: White House urging vax mandate in violation of court stay is 'political dynamite'
Biden's illegal vaccine mandate is about politics, not science
20 Studies Exposing Vaccine Mandate Is Not Based On Science
Nothing to see here, just the CDC Admitting they have no record of an unvaccinated person spreading COVID after recovering from COVID
YouTube temporarily suspends Ron Johnson's channel over COVID-19 misinformation
Jen Psaki takes dig at Green Bay QB Aaron Rodgers: We're against 'misinformation'
Source: FDA will likely make booster decision without outside advisory committee weighing in
Israeli data shows vaccine booster shot is 'absolutely essential,' Fauci says
CDC shifts pandemic goals away from reaching herd immunity
"Final Frontier:" Moderna Begins Testing Experimental Covid Jab on Infants as Young as 6 Months Old
UC Berkeley Forced To Cancel Football Game After 44 Team COVID Cases - 99% Of Team Vaccinated
Covid Cases Surge in Vermont, the Most Vaccinated State in the Union - Doctor Blames Delta Variant, Unvaccinated People
Cardiologist Who Said He 'Won't Cry at Funeral' For "Selfish" Unvaccinated People Suddenly Dies in His Sleep 2 Weeks After 3rd Covid Jab
28-Year-Old Body-Builder Dies 4 Days After Second Moderna COVID Shot
Another Walgreens Gives Adult Dose of COVID Vaccine to Child, This Time a 5-Year-Old in Florida
Not Vaccinated? Prepare to Pay as Governments Ready Crackdowns
COVID-19's epicentre again: Europe faces fresh reckoning
Austria set to place millions of unvaccinated people in lockdown, as chancellor slams 'shameful' shot uptake
Austrian Chancellor Schallenberg: "I Don't See Why Two-Thirds Should Lose Their Freedom Because One-Third Is Dithering" - Moves to Place Millions of the Unvaccinated On Lockdown
Latvia bans unvaccinated lawmakers from voting, docks pay
Trucking, Retail Groups to Challenge Biden's Federal Vaccine Mandate in Court
Covid vaccine holdouts are caving to mandates - then scrambling to 'undo' their shots
Churches Changed During the Pandemic and Many Aren't Going Back
Dutch rabbi resigns from council after tying COVID measures to Nazism
California Security Guard Stabs Man for Refusing to Wear Mask
A record number of Americans quit their jobs in September
America is hiring a record number of robots
'Stretched too thin': With staff 'exhausted,' schools cancel class or return to remote learning
No More Wire Hangers? Supply Chain Crisis Now Impacting Businesses You Least Expect
Most Expensive Gasoline in America Close to Record Highs
Supply Chain Woes Force Manufacturing to Leave Asia
China Complains Bidenflation Is a Threat to the Whole World
Inflation & Biden: Alarm bells not ringing loud enough, NCSU economist warns
Great Reset Watch: A Cashless Society Is Coming
Biden ditches Trump's pro-Israel stance on Palestinian 'right to return'
Biden Admin Slammed for Abstaining on U.N. Vote that Could 'Destroy' Israel
Israel won't let US open Jerusalem consulate, Bennett said to tell visiting Dems
Netanyahu: Israel has become a vassal state of the United States
PA staffers readying ICC cases against Israel hacked by Pegasus, official claims
Israeli spyware group said appealing to gov't for help fighting US blacklisting
Settlers said to assault 2 farmers, kill sheep in latest attack on Palestinians
Russia, Iran call for restoring nuclear deal to its original form
US envoy to visit Israel on Mideast tour as Iran nuclear talks to restart
Iranian commander says Israel can start the war, but Iran will end it - Tasnim
Israel 'doomed to termination,' Iranian general threatens
Iranian general: Israel's threats are meant for 'internal consumption'
Bennett to Christian Media Summit: Iranian terror is sweeping the region
Hezbollah chief says Syria and UAE contact is recognition of Syria's victory
Israel, UAE, Bahrain, US hold major Red Sea drill 'to counter Iran's aggression'
For 2nd time in a month, IDF fighter jets escort US bombers through region amid growing threats by Jerusalem and Washington over Iranian nuke program
Iran-Backed Militants Storm US Embassy in Yemen, Seize Hostages and Equipment
Houthi Rebels Storm U.S. Embassy in Yemen, Take Hostages
UN Security Council calls for an end to violence in Myanmar
Biden Considers 'Road Map' for Normalizing Relations with Taliban
Taliban Holds a Parade for 'Islamic Emirate Army' with US Military Gear, Vehicles, and Choppers Provided by Biden
US, Russia, China and Pakistan meet to discuss Afghanistan as humanitarian crisis deepens
China passes resolution putting Xi Jinping on the same level as Mao, paving way for his indefinite rule
China's Xi Warns Against Return to Cold War Tensions at APEC Meeting
Inside Putin's 'torture conveyor belt' prisons where inmates are 'raped and mutilated'
US reportedly warns Europe of potential Ukraine invasion by Russia
Blinken says US is concerned Russia may be 'attempting to rehash' 2014 invasion of Ukraine
US concerned about Russian military activity near Ukraine, as House Republicans press Biden to deploy troops
Russia sends nuclear-capable bombers on patrol over Belarus
Belarus's Lukashenko warns Europe: Sanction us again and we could cut gas supply
Europe Weighs Border Walls as Migrants Mass in Belarus at Poland's Frontier
DeSantis blames 'Biden's lawlessness' for alleged murder by illegal immigrant
DeSantis vows to ban Biden's flights of illegal aliens into Florida: 'I will send them to Delaware'
Amnesty provisions in Democratic reconciliation bill shrug off crimes by illegal immigrants
'Need a state sovereignty Renaissance' to secure borders under Biden, says ex-Trump official
Journalists Keep Getting Killed in Mexico After Posting on Facebook
US urges citizens to leave Haiti amid deepening turmoil
'Depart Haiti now,' US gov't tells Americans; evangelical pastor shot, child killed
BLM leader threatens 'riots, fire, bloodshed' in NYC if Eric Adams gets tough on crime
Seattle So Dangerous They Will Escort Public Workers Out of City
Democrats who probed Russian interference and hyped Steele dossier silent after Danchenko indictment
Jordan on Durham indictments: 'We told you so'
Appeals court grants Trump delay in releasing records to Jan. 6 probe
Mark Meadows says he won't cooperate with House January 6 committee until court rules on Trump privilege claim
Another Lie: After Insisting They Had No Information on Seth Rich for Years, FBI Admits Interviewing a Third Party in 2018 Related to Seth Rich Murder
Federal Judge Orders DOJ to Stop Extracting Data From James O'Keefe's Phones After FBI Raid
Commentary: FBI Raid of James O'Keefe's House Is a Blow to Press Freedom
YouTube is hiding dislike counts in an effort to protect content creators from harassment
EU court upholds EU antitrust ruling against Google
Google Loses $2.8 Billion Appeal in EU Case
Hackers Targeted Apple Devices in Hong Kong for Widespread Attack
The ISS Just Dodged A Destroyed Chinese Satellite By Firing Its Rockets
Ferris-wheel-size chunk of the moon is orbiting suspiciously close to Earth
Very bright fireball over North Carolina coincides with the launch of Falcon 9 rocket, U.S.
Deepest earthquake ever detected should have been impossible
5.7 magnitude earthquake hits the southern Mid-Atlantic Ridge
5.1 magnitude earthquake hits near Vestmannaeyjar, Iceland
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits the Kermadec Islands region
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits near Hirara, Japan
Karymsky volcano on Kamchatka, Russia erupts to 17,000ft
Medistorm "Helios" (Blas) forms over the island of Palma, Spain
Heavy Rains in Sri Lanka, South India Kill at Least 25
58,000 agricultural facilities in NE China's Liaoning affected by record snowstorms
Reservoir dries up as Syria experiences one of its driest years ever
Rampant Sex on the Beach Is Destroying Fragile Sand Dunes in Canary Islands, Researchers Say
Astroworld Fallout: Exorcists And Demonologists Break Down The Satanic Influence At Travis Scott's Deadly Concert
Fans claim 'The Simpsons' predicted Astroworld tragedy
Astroworld Tragedy Lawsuit Now Has 110 Plaintiffs Against Travis Scott, Drake & Live Nation, Says Lawyer
Astroworld Death Toll Rises to 9, Family of Bharti Shahani Calls for Justice
Chicago PD Cancels Off Days; Union Blames Rittenhouse Verdict
Rep. Jeffries, Criminal Justice Reform Advocate, Blasted on Twitter After Saying 'Lock Up' Kyle Rittenhouse
Media Pounce on Rittenhouse Judge's Ringtone During Trial
Facebook Users Unable to Find Results When Searching for 'Kyle Rittenhouse' Amid Teen's Homicide Trial
Liberal pundits, Twitter trolls label Kyle Rittenhouse a 'White supremacist'
CBS deletes tweet stating Rittenhouse testified he 'murdered two men' after backlash - CBS slammed for 'libelous' wording
Video: Race Baiter MSNBC Host And Guest Say Rittenhouse's Trial Is "White Privilege on Steroids"
Cotton Blasts Biden for Calling Rittenhouse a White Supremacist - Dems Always 'Revert to Name Calling'
Biden calls Satchel Paige 'the great negro' in latest gaffe before correcting himself during his Veterans Day address
U.S. faces 'heightened threat' amid holiday season and mass religious gatherings, DHS says
New DHS Bulletin Warns 'Domestic Extremists' Are Pushing Violence Against Congress, School and Health Officials
NSBA coordinated with White House, DOJ before sending notorious 'domestic terrorists' letter: emails
Wisconsin School Boards Group Withdraws from National Group over Parental Terrorism Letter
Texas governor orders education officials to investigate whether pornography is available in schools
Oklahoma Gov. Stitt Signs Executive Order Banning Nonbinary Birth Certificates
SF Archbishop: Joe Biden Dissents from 'Sound Science' on Abortion
Trees fight back: First-ever use of tree DNA in prosecution sends poacher to prison
Colorado House Cat Tests Positive for Bubonic Plague
Pope Francis Says Global Reset Is Real: No 'Return to Normality' After the Pandemic
Archbishop Vigano Shares Letter with TGP Directed Towards Tomorrow's Protesters Against Health Tyranny in Switzerland
Israel's religious leaders call on world to get COVID vaccine
Israeli 'wargame' sees kids suffering vaccine-resistant COVID strain
Australia's woman's $1 million vaccination lottery prize - "I want to fly my family out from China"
Surprise! Watch Bill Gates reveal truth about COVID shots - Gates has openly admitted the mRNA shots being used today don't help prevent transmission
Bolsonaro Confronts WHO Chief: 'People Are Dying After the Second Dose'
COVID-19 Vaccine Side Effects Spark Concern in French Military
29-Year-Old Mountain Bike National Title Winner Kyle Warner Diagnosed with Pericarditis After Taking Pfizer Vaccine - Career Ruined
Several Schools in Michigan Township Close After Staff Members Suffer Adverse Effects From COVID Vaccine
12-year-old boy in Germany dies two days after second Pfizer shot
Taiwan halts 2nd-dose BioNTech vaccinations for ages 12-17 amid concerns of myocarditis
Moderna Defends Covid Shot as Questions on Heart Risks Mount
Virginia pharmacy incorrectly administers Covid vaccine to 112 kids, officials pull remaining doses
UK Vaccine Mandate May Force 123,000 Out Of Health Care Sector
Ten states sue over COVID vaccine requirements for health care workers
Oklahoma representative files bill to ban vaccine mandates in state
Utah Legislature passes bill allowing exemptions to Biden vaccine or testing mandate
Rep. Babin: Vets Shouldn't Lose Benefits Over Mandate
Tom Homan sounds alarm on vaccine mandates: 'Devastating to border security'
Florida May Leave OSHA to Bypass Vaccine Mandate
White House hails vaccine mandates as number of unvaccinated drops 40%
Aussie Health Chief Says People Who Don't Get Vaccinated Will be "Miserable" and "Lonely" For Life
CDC Director Walensky Says Children Should Wear Masks Even After They're Vaccinated
Federal judge rules Texas mask ban violates rights of disabled
Video: 8-Year-Old Girl Tells School Board They Should All Go To Jail For Forcing Masks On Kids
Facing fines and suspensions, some defiant Contra Costa County restaurants aren't checking diners for COVID vaccination
Newsom Extends Covid State Of Emergency In California For 3rd Time, Will Take State Past 2 Year Mark Under Pandemic Order
Austrian leader says lockdown for the unvaccinated is likely
Berlin bans unvaccinated from entertainment venues, as Germany battles record-breaking Covid cases
China's zero-Covid strategy will cause its economy to slow down further, economist warns
American Airlines pilots reject 50% bonus pay to avert holiday staffing problems
Former NTSB Chair sounds alarm on airline safety amid staffing shortages
Backlog of Container Ships at California Port Reaches Record High
A 20-year truck-driving veteran explains why the solution to the supply-chain crisis is in sight but greed is getting in the way
'It's Been Crazy,' Turkey Shortages, Supply Chain Issues Impacting Thanksgiving Meals
The race is on to save Christmas as retailers fight the supply chain crunch
Kraft Heinz, Mondelez Plan to Hike Prices for Popular Snacks and Sweets amid Rising Inflation: Report
Inflation crisis one of the 'worst' in modern retail history, expert says
Former treasury secretary warns Biden is 'behind the curve' on inflation
CNN whips out 'Republicans pounce' cliche to describe why inflation crisis is nightmare for Biden
The stock market is happy; the bond market is showing worry
Elon Musk Sells $5 Billion in Tesla Shares After Twitter Poll
Crypto Is Forbidden for Muslims, Indonesia's National Religious Council Rules
Bipartisan infrastructure bill targets crypto industry with stricter oversight: What to know
Biden Treasury nominee Omarova laments Manchin: He is 'supposed to be on the Democratic side'
Republicans Voted for Biden's Infrastructure Bill After Securing Cash from Chamber of Commerce
China's Real Estate Giant Evergrande Narrowly Dodges Default for Third Time in 30 Days
China Evergrande again averts default but debt woes mount
China Property Bonds Dive, Fears of Ripple Effect
PA claims US doesn't need Israel's permission to reopen Jerusalem consulate
US bipartisan delegation spoke with PA about Jerusalem consulate dispute
PA's Shtayyeh tells foreign media that a 'one-state reality' is drawing closer
Palestinian PM: Only two-state solution can end 'apartheid'
US abstains from UN vote on Palestinian 'right of return'
EU signs agreement to transfer budget of 12 million euro to PA organization aiming to strengthen 'Palestinian identity' in eastern J'lem
Visiting US lawmakers press Israel to explain Palestinian groups' terror listing
After national vote nixed, PA seeks legitimacy in local elections
2 Palestinians said wounded after settlers open fire during West Bank clashes
US ambassador to UN expected to make first visit to Israel next week
Israel said to promise to return Ethiopian immigrants who committed war crimes
Report: Rift Opens Between Syrian Dictator Assad and Head of Iran's Terrorist Army in Syria
No longer a 'cash cow', Saudi squeezes Lebanon's ruined economy
Amnesty International accuses Tigrayan rebel fighters of gang raping women in Ethiopia
Pregnant Yemeni journalist killed in car explosion
Myanmar military accused of blocking aid to displaced civilians
'Vast Fraud': Afghans Escaped Taliban Takeover as Fake Journalists with 'Black Market' IDs
A Taliban official urges ex-Afghan military pilots to stay, protected by an amnesty
U.S. Sends Strongly Worded Message to Russia Over Troop Numbers at Ukraine Border
Russian bomber planes signal backing for Belarus as migrant crisis escalates
Russia Sends Strategic Bombers to Fly Over Belarus, Blames EU for Border Crisis
EU Accuses Belarus of 'Gangster' Methods as Illegal Immigrants Attempt to Force Their Way Into Poland
Chinese president Xi Jinping warns Asia-Pacific against return to Cold War tensions
Second U.S. Aircraft Carrier Missile Target Spotted in Chinese Desert
Chinese forces exercise near Taiwan in response to U.S. visit
Blinken Says Allies Would 'Take Action' If China Attacks Taiwan
Florida AG slams Biden admin for flying migrants to state: 'No regard' for law-abiding citizens
Missouri AG, seeking to make Biden admin finish building wall, says border crisis 'completely avoidable'
Cruz Tells Students Texas May Try to Secede if 'Things Become Hopeless'
YouTube Hides 'Dislikes' Following Mass Downvoting of Biden Administration Videos
At 28 percent approval, say goodbye to Kamala Harris being Plan B to an aging Biden
Jimmy Kimmel blames 'sexism and racism' for Kamala Harris' historically low approval rating
'All votes have been fairly counted:' NJ Senate President Steve Sweeney concedes to Edward Durr
Bill to Require Post-Election Audits in Pennsylvania Advances with Support of Philadelphia Democrat
More Than 70 Georgia Counties Can't Produce Original 2020 Election Ballot Images, Says Election Integrity Group
Lawsuit Claims Almost 26,000 Dead People Remain on Michigan Voting Rolls
Commentary: John Durham Is Getting Close To The Jugular
The Durham Probe Just Reached Into the Biden White House
New Twists in Durham Probe: FBI Danchenko Recordings and Suspicions Fiona Hill Lied
Steele dossier sub-source Danchenko pleads not guilty to lying to FBI
Schiff Defends Error-Riddled Steele Dossier Following Arrest of Key Source
Schiff: 'We couldn't have known' about lies behind Steele dossier
Morgan Ortagus rips Adam Schiff over discredited dossier, admits 'hands were shaking' during 'The View' clash
A judge tossed out part of the DC attorney general's lawsuit alleging Trump's 2017 inaugural fund misused its money
'Presidents are not kings': Judge rejects Trump's bid for Jan. 6 secrecy
Subpoenas show Jan. 6 panel's focus on Trump's plans
Prince Harry says he warned Twitter CEO that a coup was about to happen a day before the Capitol riot
Domestic extremists pushing violence against Congress, school and health officials, DHS bulletin says
Biden Admin Amassing Millions of Records on US Gun Owners Amid New Crackdown on Firearms
Furious Judge in Rittenhouse Trial Accuses Prosecution of 'Grave Constitutional Violation'
AR Pioneer Warns That Metaverse Could Make "Reality Disappear" - Welcome to a real life cyberpunk nightmare
Don't miss the longest partial lunar eclipse of the century next week
6.6 magnitude earthquake hits near Hirara, Japan
5.9 magnitude earthquake hits near Nabire, Indonesia
5.1 magnitude earthquake hits the Azores Islands region
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits near Panguna, Papua New Guinea
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits near Pelabuhanratu, Indonesia
Ruiz volcano in Colombia erupts to 23,000ft
Rock Rises Out of the Sea as Second La Palma Lava Flow Reaches Ocean
Fact check: Apparent 'grid pattern' of La Palma earthquakes due to data reporting methods
'Killing us slowly': dams and drought choke Syria's water supply
Largest Urban Water District in Southern California Declares Drought Emergency
Toxic foam coats sacred river in India as Hindu devotees bathe in its waters
Eleven Senate Democrats call on Biden admin to come up with a plan for soaring U.S. gas prices
6 automakers, 31 countries say they'll phase out gasoline car sales
Electric Military Vehicles Are Part of Biden Climate Agenda, Pentagon Says
Biden Treasury nominee Saule Omarova says energy industries going 'bankrupt' will help 'tackle climate change'
Rebekah Koffler: Biden nominee prefers Soviet system to free-market economy - don't let them destroy the US
John Kerry: US and China will collaborate on fighting climate change
Vatican Loses $135M In Shady London Property Deal Amid Allegations Of Massive Fraud
2 leaders of Jewish Lev Tahor cult convicted of kidnapping, child exploitation
NBC Won't Say If It Will Acknowledge China's Human Rights Atrocities During Beijing Winter Olympics
Texas Governor Calls For Removal of Pornographic and Obscene Books In Public Schools
NY Attorney General releases Cuomo sex harass probe transcripts including accusers and former governor
Nevada Democrat seeks to become first openly transgender statewide elected official
Vermont first state to require access to condoms in all secondary schools: reports
Ms. Magazine: 'Abortion Is Essential to Democracy'
Bipartisan lawmakers introduce bill to examine opioid abuse among veterans
FDA Reports Over 100 Drug Shortages Nationwide
Measles is a renewed global threat after 22 million babies missed their vaccines during the pandemic, CDC warns
Needle-free vaccine patches coming soon, say researchers and makers
Data broker shared billions of phone location records with D.C. government as part of covid-tracking effort
Israel to hold national drill to prepare for future COVID variants
'Nonsense' NHS Chief Accused of Spreading Fake News About Coronavirus Hospitalisations
Colorado ICU Nurse: Many COVID Patients Still Don't Believe Virus Is Real, Blame Hospital For Illness: 'They're Calling You A Murderer'
Singapore will stop covering the medical bills of unvaccinated COVID-19 patients
In Taiwan, a boat-burning festival aims to ward off sickness. Can it end the coronavirus pandemic?
Fully Vaccinated Choir Concert Ends in Substantial COVID-19 Outbreak
California Gov. Newsom's Office Denies Adverse Effect from Booster, Cops to Attending Oil Heiress's Wedding
Dr. Michael Yeadon: Athletes Are Being Injured & Killed By COVID Vaccines
Vikings Vaccinated Guard Dakota Dozier Reportedly Admitted to ER with COVID
Scientists Fight a New Source of Vaccine Misinformation: Aaron Rodgers
NFL Fines Green Bay Packers, Aaron Rodgers for Violating COVID-19 Protocols
Brothel Offers Vaccines With Benefits in Free Sex for the Vaxxed Campaign
CVS Apologized to Mom After Giving Her Minor Son Coronavirus Vaccine Without Permission
Israel approves COVID shots for kids; experts predict uphill acceptance struggle
Nearly 1 million kids under age 12 have had the Covid vaccine, WH says
California Scrutinizes Doctors as Parents Seek Exemptions From School Covid-19 Vaccine Mandate
Pennsylvania court throws out governor's school mask mandate
Commentary: Democrats bizarrely won't end their love affair with masks
Ellume's COVID-19 Home Test Recall Most Serious, FDA Says
Dan Bongino slams Geraldo Rivera for saying Americans 'have no rights' when it comes to the vaccine
Bill de Blasio Brags About Forcing Thousands of City Workers to Get Vaccinated: 'Great News'
'Naturally immune' employees sue Fauci over vaccine mandate
Navy SEALs sue Biden administration over COVID mandate
Texas A.G. Paxton: Biden Will Expand Vax Mandate to Small Employers, 'Don't Know That It Will Stop' Unless Courts Step in
Just in Time for the Holidays: Biden Admin Mulling a Vaccine Mandate for Domestic Air Travel
'Perfect Storm' of Mandates, Worker Shortage Poised to Derail Holiday Travel: Republicans
George Soros And 270 Other Ultra-Wealthy Taxpayers Received Covid-Aid $1,200 'Stimulus' Checks
Buttigieg: Lack of Child Care to Blame for Labor Shortage
Supply chain crisis gives once invisible shipping industry record profits and new adversaries
US food banks struggle to feed hungry amid surging prices
Americans have never been in so much debt
U.S. Households Face Biggest Surge in Electricity Costs Since 2009
GOP Rep. Gooden: People 'Could Very Well Freeze to Death' on Pathway Biden's Policies Have Put us on
Homebuilders face further inflation headwinds
Inflation has taken away all the wage gains for workers and then some
U.S. Inflation Hit 30-Year High in October as Consumer Prices Jump 6.2%
Yellen Says Fed Wouldn't Allow Repeat of 1970s-Level Inflation
Biden on inflation report: 'Reversing this trend is a top priority for me'
Biden: Infrastructure bill will ease economy woes, just wait
Joe Manchin slams rising inflation and dismisses the Biden administration's argument that it will be short-lived
Sen. Manchin sounds inflation alarm, says Biden can't ignore 'economic pain'
'Skyrocketing' inflation exacerbated by Dems' economic policies, Rep. Luetkemeyer says
Rep. Comer: Inflation No Surprise With Government 'Printing Money'
China has a big inflation problem and it's pushing up prices worldwide
Evergrande officially defaulted - DMSA is preparing bankruptcy proceedings against Evergrande Group
As China's property crisis spreads, Beijing says there's nothing to see
Anger, tangle and trouble: Is another Brexit showdown looming?
Elon Musk loses $50 billion after posting 'most expensive tweet in history'
Michael Burry Claims Musk Selling Tesla Shares To Cover Personal Debts
Ra'am party chief Abbas discusses 2-state solution with Jordan's king
Commentary: The Surprising Source of the Threat to Redivide Jerusalem Again
Decision to Build in Settlements Violates Coalition Guidelines, Charges Israeli Minister
US criticizes UAE minister's Syria meeting with 'brutal dictator' Assad
12 Brooklyn Jews reportedly visit Syria with support of Assad regime
Syria says Israel struck near Homs, Tartus in 3rd alleged attack in 2 weeks
IDF chief: Army 'accelerating' plans targeting Iran's nuclear program
Iran claims to scare off US drones near its war games in Gulf
France: Iran nuclear talks must pick up where they left off
US military tests Iron Dome in Guam, with eyes on threats from China: report
Portuguese UN peacekeepers accused of helping to smuggle diamonds, gold and drugs out of Central African Republic
Knife-wielding man threatens passersby in Oslo, is shot dead by police
Sen. Ron Johnson: Biden DHS Hiding Count of Illegals Released Into US
House Dems block consideration of bill to prevent taxpayers from paying $450k to illegal immigrants
James O'Keefe details FBI's shocking 'pre-dawn raid', warns other journos: Don't think it can't happen to you
Project Veritas Founder: FBI Agents Handcuffed Me, Threw Me Against Wall During Raid
Durham probe exposes Clinton campaign ties to Steele dossier
National Security Adviser Sullivan is 'foreign policy advisor' in former Clinton lawyer indictment: sources
Trump says 'hats off' to Special Counsel Durham, predicts indictments are 'early building blocks'
January 6 committee issues 10 more subpoenas, including to Stephen Miller and Kayleigh McEnany
J6 Defendant Ryan Nichols Speaks with Greg Kelly From DC Gitmo - Prisoners are Beaten, Denied Calls, Denied Communion, Locked Up Indefinitely
Rep. Adam Schiff says Rep. Paul Gosar has 'no business being in Congress' following edited anime tweet that shows Gosar killing AOC
Jury Threatening Begins: Judge Schroeder Says Someone Tries to Doxx Jury in Kyle Rittenhouse Trial
Facebook Ban on Supporting Rittenhouse Wears Thin as Prosecution Stumbles
Big Tech Seeks Its Next Fortune in the Metaverse
Congress mandates new car technology to stop drunken driving
Long-duration M2.0 solar flare erupts on the NW side of the Sun
Bright fireball over Granada, Spain
Extremely bright fireball over southern Croatia
6.2 magnitude earthquake hits near Masachapa, Nicaragua
5.7 magnitude earthquake hits near Tola, Nicaragua
Ruiz volcano in Colombia erupts to 19,000ft
Karymsky volcano on Kamchatka, Russia erupts to 13,000ft
Increased gas emissions at White Island volcano, volcanic fog (VOG) produced, New Zealand
Extremely rare November tornado hits Vancouver, Canada
The worst dust storm in Uzbekistan's recorded history
Global Britain? UK Seeks 'Carbon Border Tax' on Countries That Don't Meet Climate Goals
China's Coal Output Hits Multi-Year High as Climate Conference Continues
Jim Jordan: Biden Shutting Down Another Pipeline 'Makes No Sense' - 'They're Intentionally Trying to Harm American Families'
Obama 2.0: Like His Old Boss, Biden Blames 'Gouging' for High Gas Prices, Forms 'Task Force' Headed by AG
Rick Perry: Biden Trying to 'Bring America to Its Knees' on Oil
Evangelical leaders urge pastors not to forsake teaching Bible prophecy, talk End Times
Astroworld disaster fuels wave of satanic conspiracy theories on TikTok
Astroworld was a 'death trap,' attendee says, as more lawsuits are filed and Travis Scott's Las Vegas show canceled
Couples Give Birth to Each Other's Babies, Accuse Fertility Clinic of IVF Mixup
Virginia mother who exposed pornographic books barred from high school library
New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd warns 'wokeness' could 'derail' the Democrats
Polls Show Growing Rejection of Transgenderism
'General Hospital' Star Ingo Rademacher Pushes Back: Not Okay to 'Call a Transgender an Empowered Woman'
Buttigieg Says Infrastructure Bill will Address Racist Highway Design That Prevents Black and Brown Kids From Being Bussed to the Beach
One of world's largest investment firms will need permission to hire White men
How Employee Unrest Over Biden's Vaccine Mandate Is Spilling Over to the Smallest Businesses
Pilot calls Biden's vaccine mandate 'medical tyranny' amid pilot shortage
Whistleblowers to play key role in enforcing vaccine mandate
Illinois amends religious freedom law to prevent people from skirting vaccine mandates
Illinois Democratic governor signs law allowing workers who refuse vaccine to face potential repercussions
Florida will consider removing itself from OSHA, banning employer vaccine mandates in special legislative session
Alan Dershowitz: Vaccine Mandates Must Come From Congress
Job Creators Network CEO: Biden 'Smells Defeat' on Vaccine Mandates
Over One Third of Physicians Disagree with COVID Vaccine Mandate
One of Fauci's Top Doctors Opposes Vaccine Mandates, Will Debate Ethics at the NIH
Peter Navarro: Millions Died Because 'Sociopath' Fauci Withheld Details of Wuhan Lab from Trump Administration
NHS Chief Executive Amanda Pritchard Accused Of Lying About Covid Statistics To Promote Vaccination
TGA requests information from Pfizer after medical journal alleges contractor 'falsified' safety data
Pfizer CEO calls people who spread vaccine misinformation 'criminals'
Big Pharma Payday: US Government to Purchase $1 Billion More in Merck's COVID-19 Pill
Gov. Newsom Injured by Moderna Booster Shot, Source Tells The Defender
'Pretty strange.' Newsom's absence stokes speculation, but office denies vaccine adverse reaction
Anti-vax movement rallies around giraffe deaths
Is Our Military Being Used as Vaccine Guinea Pigs? A Flight Surgeon's Testimony Will Make You Wonder
COVID-19: People under 30 should not get Moderna vaccine - France
Pfizer asks for FDA authorization for booster for everyone 18 and up
12-Year-Old Child Dies Two Days After Taking Pfizer Vaccine in Germany - Officials Pull Back on Mandatory Shots for Children
Florida School Suspends 7-Year-Old Girl 36 Days for Not Wearing Mask
Masked-Up California Reporting 4x More Daily Cases than Florida
Masks Forever? CDC Now Encouraging Masking to Fight Flu and Common Cold Too
Bird Flu Spreads to Poland, Hitting Farms Totaling 650,000 Poultry
Fertilizer shortages could become the death knell for global food production
Nolte: MSNBC Gaslights with Claim Inflation Is a 'Good Thing'
Commentary: 'A lot of people' will be in 'a lot of trouble' when interest rates rise
Mitch McConnell 'Delighted' Congress Passed $1.2 Trillion So-Called Bipartisan Infrastructure Bill
Report: Build Back Better Would Make US Most Taxed in Developed World
Syria officially blames Israel for carrying out airstrikes
Israeli Airstrike Tuesday Targeted Irani's Money Convoy To Hezbollah
Bennett: I am not negotiating the creation of a terrorist state
Report: Palestinian activists' phones hacked with controversial NSO Group tech
IDF building facial recognition database of Palestinians in Hebron
IDF intercepts drone over Mediterranean Sea as Hamas tests launching capabilities
Tension rises in Iraq after failed bid to assassinate PM
Arab League envoy in Beirut to mediate Lebanon-Saudi rift
Crisis worsens on Poland-Belarus border as migrants congregate and troops are mobilized
Colombia oil theft surges as smuggled gasoline dries up, data show
DeSantis: We will end contracts with companies aiding Biden in flooding illegal immigrants into Florida
China's military uses target shaped like US aircraft carrier group in desert, report says
Supreme Court to hear arguments on FBI's surveillance of mosques
US seizes $6 million in ransom payments and charges Ukrainian over major cyberattack
Power outage at Sky Harbor impacts Southwest, American flights
New Facebook Lawsuit Alleges Tech Giant Conspired to 'Crush' Competition
Former DNI John Ratcliffe Turned Over 1,000 Documents to John Durham - Expects Many More Indictments
January 6 committee subpoenas Trump lawyer John Eastman, Michael Flynn and 5 others
Jonathan Turley says FBI's involvement in alleged theft of Ashley Biden's diary raises 'legitimate concern'
Project Veritas' James O'Keefe speaks out after FBI raided home: 'This is an attack on the First Amendment'
Establishment Media up in Arms over Missouri Law Nullifying Federal Gun Control
Nearly 50 Shot During Weekend in Mayor Lori Lightfoot's Chicago
Three asteroids to flyby Earth within 1 lunar distance today
Bright North Taurid fireball over the Mediterranean Sea
5.1 magnitude earthquake hits near Masachapa, Nicaragua
5.1 magnitude earthquake hits Central Turkey
Sabancaya volcano in Peru erupts to 28,000ft
Sangay volcano in Ecuador erupts to 25,000ft
9 dead, 2 missing after floods hit Sri Lanka and southern India
Report: Biden-Harris Admin Considers Closing Second Pipeline as Gas Prices Soar
Tick-tock: Obama says 'time really is running out' to save the planet
Obama says youth 'right to be frustrated' at climate inaction
Obama tells young people at climate change summit: 'Vote like your life depends on it, because it does'
Obama criticizes Russia and China, some of the largest emitters, at climate talks
Al Gore's Latest 'Solution' To Climate Change Is Mass Surveillance
AOC: Republicans Using 'Woke' as 'Derogatory Euphemism for Civil Rights'
"It Was Demonic" - AstroWorld Concert-Goers Claim Show That Killed 8 People Was Like a Satanic Ritual
Nearly a third of millennials identify as LGBT, study finds
Israeli scientists tweak brains to cause illness, gaining psychosomatic insights
Top GOP Lawmakers Pledge to Hold Fauci Accountable on Wuhan Gain-of-Function Research
Psaki says Biden approval ratings low because people 'tired of fighting' the pandemic he vowed to shut down
Ted Cruz slaps back at Big Bird for sharing coronavirus vaccine 'propaganda' on Twitter
Israel Cancels Panel Livestream on Kids' COVID Vaccines Amid 'Violent Discourse'
150 tourists without green pass refused entry to Israel - restrictions require tourists to have had three Covid vaccinations or less than six months since their second Covid vaccination
Caruzo - Venezuela's Vaccine Passport App Faces a Familiar Foe: Socialist Incompetence
California's Democratic governor hasn't been seen in public since his COVID booster shot 12 days ago
Hundreds of Thousands to Go on Four-Day Nationwide Strike Over Vaccine Mandates: Organizer
"We Will Not Comply" - Thousands - Including City Workers, LAPD Officers, and Firefighters - Gather Outside Los Angeles City Hall to Protest Upcoming Deadline for Covid Vaccine Mandates
Riot Cops Forced To Break Up Massive Fights After Antifa Terrorists Storm Protest Against Mandates in Boston
Texas attorney general sues Biden administration, slams 'flatly unconstitutional' federal vaccine mandate
Lahren: Federal court pause of Biden vax mandate a chance to stop 'Stalinesque' attack on Americans
White House tells businesses to proceed with vaccine mandate despite court-ordered pause
DeSantis Lists Goals for Florida Special Session: Fines of Up to $50,000 for Forced Vaccine Policies
U.S. judge upholds United Airlines' COVID-19 vaccine mandate for employees
First the Airline Industry Now Individuals Reportedly from Proctor and Gamble Warn About Company's Vaccine Mandate
Report: Biden Vaccine Mandates Could Reduce Border Patrol Agents by Half
Truckers Warn Biden Vaccine Mandate Could Terminate 37% of Drivers During Supply Chain Crisis
Supply chain stalled by 72,000 truckers who failed strict drug tests
Bennett, Lapid in united front: 'No place for US consulate in Jerusalem'
Israel Suggests US Open Consulate for Palestinians in West Bank, Not Jerusalem
Palestinians pan Israel for opposing US consulate in Jerusalem
IDF blacklists Palestinian rights groups, enabling Israel to act against them
Dozens of Ethiopians brought to Israel accused of scamming way onto airlift
Cyprus charges six with terror for alleged plot to kill five Israelis
Iranian plot to attack Israelis, Jews said foiled in Africa
Iran begins annual war games to 'improve readiness' ahead of nuclear talks
Iraqi Prime Minister Survives Drone Attack in Failed Assassination
China Consolidates Rare Earth Supply Chain
How China's US$8-trillion real estate debt could impact us all
China Builds Missile Targets Shaped Like U.S. Aircraft Carrier, Destroyers in Remote Desert
Send Ukraine US troops, weapons, key Republicans tell Biden
Obama defense secretary: Biden calling Afghan withdrawal a success hurts credibility'
Impeachable Offense: Joe Biden Abandoned Thousands of Americans and as many as 14,000 in Afghanistan When US Fled Country
Border officials secretly sent 70 planes of migrants to Florida: DeSantis office
Joe Biden Starts Wildly Screaming at a Reporter After He Gets Caught Lying
Joe Biden Appears to Sneer at Americans' Intelligence: Questions Collective Ability to 'Understand' Supply Chain Issues
Ivy League schools get unfounded bomb threats, bringing campus life to standstill: 'There was a lot of chaos'
Astroworld Victims May Have Been Unwittingly Injected with Mystery Drug in 'Sticking Attack'
Jim Jordan on Steele Dossier: Clinton Campaign Was 'Cozying Up to Russia,' Not Trump
Kash Patel: John Durham Is Building a Bigger Conspiracy Case
'Many' More Durham Indictments Likely in Connection to Steele Dossier: Former Director of National Intelligence
Project Veritas raid: This sure looks like Biden's DOJ persecuting an opposition journalist
US citizens v FBI: Will the government face charges for illegal surveillance?
5.4 magnitude earthquake hits near Neiafu, Tonga
5.2 magnitude earthquake hits near Takaka, New Zealand
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits near Luwuk, Indonesia
Karymsky volcano on Kamchatka, Russia erupts to 10,000ft
India's manufacturing capital Chennai comes to a standstill as heavy rains flood city
Emissions Reported at Climate Summit: Camilla Blown Away After Hearing Joe Biden 'Loudly' Fart
Why 'Poopy Pants Biden' Memes Trended After POTUS' Meeting with Pope Francis
Texas Democrat candidate and former Bush adviser says Jesus today 'would be accused of being woke'
North Carolina High School Suspends 15 Year Old Female Student For Reporting Sexual Assault in Girls Restroom - School Accused Teenager of Filing a False Report Even After Male Student Confessed to Police and Was Charged
Cornell University Offering Baskets of Free 'Mxnstrual' Products in Men's Restrooms
First sexual assault complaint filed with police against leading LGBT activist in Israel
Harvey Milk: US Navy launches ship named for gay rights leader
Iran sentences gay couple to death for adultery
Israeli plan for COVID vaccine tablet gets $4.3m from Bill Gates-backed fund
Proof CDC Changed Definition of 'Vaccine' Because Prior Definition Allowed People "To Claim the COVID-19 Vaccine is Not a Vaccine"
'Propaganda': Experts rip CDC study claiming vax offers stronger protection than natural immunity
Newsom Missing from Public Eye: People of California Clueless to Governor's Whereabouts After Booster Shot
Covid-19 Vaccines and Myocarditis Link Probed by Researchers
Twitter reacts to CNN's Sesame Street town hall on COVID vaccines: 'Government propaganda for your 5-year-old'
Costa Rica issues COVID-19 vaccine requirement for children
Democrat governor turns on Biden's vaccine mandate, says it's too late and ineffective
Opposition to new Biden vaccine mandate explodes as 27 states join fight
Biden Admin 'Prepared to Defend' COVID-19 Vaccine Mandate After Court Ruling: Surgeon General
White House 'Confident' COVID-19 Vaccine Mandate Will Be Upheld
Surgeon General Murthy: Vaccine Mandate for Smaller Businesses Not Off the Table
Biden Vaccine Mandates Face First Test With Federal Workers
Pilots protest Biden's vaccine mandate outside North Carolina airport: 'Enough is enough'
Emilio Estevez Leaving Disney's Mighty Ducks Series Over Vaccine Mandate
NBA Recommends Players and Staff Receive Covid Boosters or Face Game Day Testing
Thousands March in Protest of Vaccine Passports in Italy
'Bad idea': Israeli FM condemns Biden's plan to reopen US consulate in Jerusalem for Palestinians
Palestinians gear up to renew international fight against Israel
Palestinians Admit: Only Destroying Israel Will Bring Peace
Report: Egypt to Propose Prisoner Swap to Bennett Which Hamas Green Lit
Finnish charity ends ties with Palestinian group after terror designation
Feting new budget, PM says government will last out term, vows to honor rotation
Iran tells Russia West must be 'realistic' in nuclear talks
Iran to hold major drill in southern waters, as a 'warning to enemies'
Iran Hosts U.S. Flag-Burnings in 800 Cities to Celebrate 1979 Hostage Crisis
Guatemala blocks extremist ultra-Orthodox sect heading to Iran through Mexico
Palma de Mallorca: Fleeing passengers shut down busy Spanish airport
Baghdad Deaths, Injuries to be Investigated Amid Election Dispute
Hackers Apologize to Arab Royal Families for Leaking Their Data
Sudanese activists reject power-sharing, call for strikes against coup
More than 90 killed in oil tanker explosion in Sierra Leone
CIA director dispatched to Moscow to warn Russia over troop buildup near Ukraine
China spurs Taiwan anger with criminal liability threat for independence supporters
Senators Debate Military Authorization for Taiwan
Several wounded in knife attack on German high-speed train
At Least 8 Dead, 300 Injured After Mysterious 'Mass Casualty Incident' At Travis Scott Concert
Eli Lake: The Danchenko indictment shows the Democratic Party manipulated the FBI
FBI raids locations tied to alleged theft of Ashley Biden's diary
Commentary: The Washington Post Finally Releases Sketchy Details That Raise Questions About the January 6 'Pipe Bombs'
Congressman describes 'tortuous lockdown,' 'human suffering' in jail housing Jan. 6 prisoners
Judge orders Jan. 6 defendant with cancer freed after 'deplorable' conditions found at DC jail
Justice Department Sues Texas over New Election Law
Many votes still uncounted in tight New Jersey governor's race riddled with irregularities
New York Poll Worker Claims Ballots Came in That Were Already Pre-Stamped with Candidate's Name in Wrong Box
Commentary: The Democrats Lose, Claim They Have No Media Support
Commentary: Politics Is Rotting Brains and Making Everyone Mad
6.0 magnitude earthquake hits near Gorontalo, Indonesia
5.3 magnitude earthquake hits near Ohonua, Tonga
5.3 magnitude earthquake hits the South Sandwich Islands region
5.2 magnitude earthquake hits near Sechura, Peru
5.1 magnitude earthquake hits near Poso, Indonesia
Sabancaya volcano in Peru erupts to 27,000ft
Popocateptl volcano in Mexico erupts to 18,500ft
Sheveluch volcano on Kamchatka, Russia erupts to 12,000ft
Nevados De Chillan volcano in Chile erupts to 12,000ft
Villarrica volcano in Chile erupts to 11,000ft
La Palma Volcano Has Cost $116M in Losses to Island's Banana Industry
Severe flash floods hit Bosnia and Herzegovina
Severe flash floods hit Indonesia, leaving at least 8 people dead and 3 missing
Great Lakes 'have a fever' as first lake-effect snow sets a record
Drought is forcing farmers in Colorado to make tough choices
Delhi pollution levels soar after residents defy Diwali fireworks ban
Bill Clinton too unwell to attend Colin Powell's funeral
Cuomo Arraignment Postponed Over 'Potentially Defective' Charge
In 1st for Conservative movement, women rabbis tie knot in same-sex wedding
Spain Expands Free Fertility Treatment to Lesbians, Single Women, Transgender People
Chinese Regime Debuts Transgender Children Clinic in Shanghai
As Supreme Court considers abortion cases, local governments impose bans
Iowa study: 82.5% of deer tested positive for COVID-19
PETA calls for Dr. Fauci to resign: 'Our position is clear'
Newsmax distanced itself from its White House correspondent after she claimed COVID vaccines contain a 'bioluminescent marker' to track people
'Another Domino Has Fallen': Top GOP Lawmakers Pledge To Hold Fauci Accountable Following DCNF Report On Wuhan Gain Of Function Experiments
Rising Covid-19 Breakthrough Cases Hinder Efforts to Control Virus
Study shows dramatic decline in effectiveness of all three COVID-19 vaccines over time
Emails Reveal CDC Changed Definition of "Vaccine" and "Vaccination" Because Their Experimental COVID Shots Didn't Work as Advertised
White House says calling vaccine mandate a 'mandate' is 'misinformation'
CNN and Sesame Street Team Up to Push Vaccine Propaganda for Very Young Children
Texas Sen. Cruz Introduces Bill Prohibiting Vaccine Mandate for Minors
Judge temporarily blocks Biden vaccine mandate for private firms after Texas sues - Mandate may generate "grave statutory and constitutional issues."
Georgia Files Suit Against Joe Biden's Occupational Safety and Health Administration Employer COVID-19 Vaccine Mandate
Ron DeSantis: OSHA Rule Created 'Under the Guise of Emergency Power'
OSHA May Remove Testing Opt-Out From Private Employer COVID-19 Vaccine Mandate
Aaron Rodgers dropped by Prevea Health amid vax controversy
'This is a Free Country': UFC's Dana White Refuses to Mandate Vaccines for Fighters
Gina Carano Responds To Joe Biden's Vaccine Mandate Order: "Do Not Comply"
California Town Declares Itself a Constitutional Republic to Defy Newsom's Covid Rules
Nationwide Walkout & Stand for Freedom Slated for November 8-11
Thousands rally in Melbourne against vaccine mandates
Austria Moves Closer to Imposing Lockdown on the Unvaccinated
CDC is Indeed Back to Demanding Americans Wear Masks, and Americans Are Tired of It
Leisure and Travel Stocks Rally as Fading Delta Wave Upends Pandemic Portfolio
Pharmaceutical industry likely to shatter its lobbying record as it works to shape Democrats' spending bill
At least 18 billionaires got federal stimulus checks, report says
Trump predicts Democrats will face mammoth backlash if they pass their spending bills
House passes $1 trillion infrastructure bill, advances social spending plan
13 Republicans under fire for breaking ranks on infrastructure bill
Biden hails infrastructure win as 'monumental step forward'
New Study Destroys Biden's Claim His 'Build Back Better' Will Cost 'Zero Dollars'
Report: Democrat Spending Bill Costs 'More than Twice what Pelosi Says'
Biden Infrastructure Plan Set to Pass House Includes Amnesty for Eight Million Illegal Immigrants
Infrastructure Bill Makes First Major U.S. Investment in Climate Resilience
Fighting Climate Change Would Cost More Than Global GDP, Treasury Secretary Says
Snowplow driver shortage affecting several states ahead of winter
Biden Admin Weighing Shutting Down Oil Pipeline In Michigan As Gas Prices Skyrocket Across U.S.: Report
Mystery of China's Huge Dollar Surplus Baffles World Markets
Commentary: History Suggests That Stocks Won't Like Inflation
Dow jumps 200 points to a record on strong jobs report, S&P 500 notches 7th straight day of gains
Commentary: Help Really Wanted: No Degree, Work Experience or Background Checks
Knesset passes 2022 budget, capping key win for Bennett-led coalition
Liberman says budget vote shows Netanyahu has 'lost his magic,' is washed up
UN Palestine Refugee Agency 'Close to Collapse' after Funding Cuts
UNRWA in an existential crisis after funding cuts, UN official says
Thirteen-year old Palestinian said shot dead by IDF in clashes near Nablus
Palestinian indicted for seriously wounding border cop in West Bank ramming
Scuffles at Western Wall as hundreds of Orthodox try to block progressive prayer
Jewish groups urge confirmation of Biden antisemitism envoy amid GOP holdup
Chelsea soccer fan jailed for antisemitic tweets
UN human rights body holds urgent session to discuss Sudan's coup
At least 69 dead in west Niger jihadist attack
Tunisia Issues International Arrest Notice Against Ex-Leader
Iran boasts of boosting its stockpile of 60% enriched uranium to 25 kg
US approves sale of advanced air-to-air missiles to Saudi Arabia
Top Russian Spy's Son Dead After 'Fall' From Embassy in Berlin
Russian embassy in Berlin calls mysterious death of diplomat a 'tragic accident'
China vows no mercy for Taiwan independence 'diehards'
China open to talks on subsidies behind US tensions, Xi says
EU warns Britain: Don't press the emergency Brexit button
Fleeing gangs, multiple crises, Haitian migrants are increasingly turning to Puerto Rico
Multiple Bomb Threats Reported At Yale Campus
Newly declassified documents show extensive FBI investigation of Saudi links to 9/11 terror attacks
John Durham Found the First Evidence of 'Russia Collusion' - and Hillary's Team Did It
Arrest illustrates how the Steele dossier was a political dirty trick orchestrated by Hillary Clinton
New court documents detail alleged web of lies used to fabricate Steele Dossier, frame Trump
DOJ sues Texas over voting law that caused Democrats to flee the state
Retiring GOP lawmaker warns Trump will try to steal the next election
Republican Jack Ciattarelli refuses to concede New Jersey gubernatorial race
Lawsuit filed against Michigan for over 25,000 suspected dead registered voters still on rolls
'Let's Go Brandon' irks the left, but liberals were celebrated for vulgar rhetoric during prior administration
FBI searches Project Veritas personnel in investigation into Ashley Biden's stolen diary
New Soros-Backed Media Initiative is Led by Former Dem Strategist Who Targets 'Right-Wing' News, Aims to Regulate Social Media
Meet the Miami Herald's Newest Writer: A Robot!
How to watch the upcoming lunar eclipse - the longest partial eclipse of the century
Asteroid the size of Eiffel Tower heading for Earth in December
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits near Lobujya, Nepal
Popocateptl volcano in Mexico erupts to 18,000ft
Atmospheric river hits southern Alaska, dropping historic rainfall, U.S.
Tide reaches major flood level in South Carolina, with more expected over the weekend
Barack Obama to Jet into COP26 Climate Summit and Tell 'Old Folks' to 'Get Out of the Way'
Build Back Better Won't Allow Funds for Religious Facilities
Chinese Government Adds Anti-Christian Propaganda to Movies for Kindergartners During Field Trip
Most millennials like Jesus and the Bible, but 30% identify as LGBT: study
LGBTQ advocates sue Tennessee over anti-trans sports law
China LGBT rights group shuts down amid hostile environment
China rocked as tennis star accuses one of its most powerful officials of sexual assault
Loudoun County School Counselor Arrested for Sex Crimes Against Student, Marking Far-Left District's Latest Scandal
Barclays subpoenaed by U.S. Virgin Islands over connections to late sex criminal Jeffrey Epstein
Ohio lawmakers introduce abortion bill that goes further than Texas law
China: Prices Officially Listed for Organ Donations
France orders poultry lockdown as bird flu spreads across Europe
Pfizer says new pill cuts COVID hospitalizations, deaths by nearly 90%
Dr. Scott Gottlieb Proclaims New Pfizer Covid Drug Marks 'The End of the Pandemic'
Federal Government Cancels Contract with Troubled COVID-19 Vaccine Manufacturer
Ocugen, Inc. Announces Submission of Emergency Use Authorization Request to the US FDA for Investigational COVID-19 Vaccine COVAXIN (BBV152) for Children Ages 2-18 Years
Heart inflammation linked to COVID-19 infection in cats and dogs
'Europe is back at the epicenter' of COVID-19, WHO warns. 'Enough idiocy,' Italian official tells anti-vaxxers.
One Chinese town has started a fiery online debate about China's zero-COVID policy
Colorado's Democrat Governor Signs Executive Order To Turn Away Unvaccinated From Hospitals
Judge halts California law that criminalizes nearly all activism near 'vaccination sites'
Trump's impeachment lawyer sues to block employer vaccine mandate as 'compelled speech'
Lawsuits over workplace vaccine rule focus on states' rights
11 states sue to block Biden vaccine rule for businesses
Democratic governor comes out against Biden's vaccine mandate
Zero Religious Exemptions Granted for COVID Vaccines in Air Force, As Deadline Passes
Vaccine refusals in intelligence agencies raise GOP concerns about removing employees from agencies critical to national security
Campos-Duffy shares reality of Biden vaccine mandate: Americans have 'no choice' but to 'fall in line'
Biden's Deputy Press Sec says "The goal here is compliance," when asked about fining private businesses for vaccine mandate violations
'This Isn't A Mandate,' Biden Admin Says Of New OSHA COVID-19 Mandate
White House aide tests positive for COVID-19 while abroad with Biden
Aaron Rodgers Addresses Vaccine Fiasco, Says He's In 'The Crosshairs Of The Woke Mob' And 'Cancel Culture'
Commentary: If history is a guide, schools will start requiring COVID vaccines
Goldstein Investigates: Burgeoning Business Of Black Market Vaccine Cards
OSHA COVID mandate warns lying about vax status punishable by $10K fine, up to 6 months in prison
Democrats' $1.75 trillion bill could massively increase fines against employers violating vaccine mandate
NYC Firetruck Availability Down to 55 Percent, Manpower Shortages Due to Vaccine Mandate: NY Firefighters
Trucking Groups Could Lose 37% Of Drivers Over Biden Vaccine Mandate, Worsening Supply Chain Crisis
Industry Groups Urge Flexibility in Biden Vaccine Mandate or Risk Crippling 'Already Strained Supply Chain'
Suez Canal to raise fees, heaping pressure on global supply chains
Latest Threat in Supply Chain Nightmares Is Storm Season at Sea
At Vatican, PA's Abbas discusses Israeli-Palestinian peace with pope
Coalition passes 2021 budget, first in 3.5 years, averting early election threat
Coalition leaders cheer approval of state budget after 'years of chaos'
Ahead of budget votes, Bennett accuses Netanyahu of sowing 'chaos,' division
Netanyahu's hopes for a comeback dim as Israel passes budget
Bennett: Opposition will 'weaken considerably' once budget passed
Netanyahu shares call to block progressive women's prayer group at Western Wall
Police gearing up for clashes expected at Friday prayer service at Western Wall
Christian Archaeologists Wanted to Excavate the Biblical Past. They Ended Up Sparking Today's Strife in Jerusalem
Commentary: The Palestinians Face a Possible Lebanon-type Meltdown. Israel Will Pay the Price.
Israeli Minister Blocks Controversial UAE Oil Deal Fearing Red Sea Disaster
Amid war in Ethiopia, Herzog urges bringing remaining Jews to Israel 'quickly'
American, Israeli flags burned as Iran marks 1979 takeover of US Embassy
Iran Won't Back Down - As Nuclear Talks Resume, Tehran Isn't Looking to Compromise
Turkey: Police investigate false online rumors that Erdogan is dead
Ethiopian rebels edge closer to Addis Ababa, as fears grow over all-out war
Report: Taliban Making 'Kill List' of Gay Afghans
China has debated attacking Taiwan-controlled islands, Taiwan official says
China's Advice to Stockpile Sparks Speculation of Taiwan War
U.S. Military Issues Dire Warning About China's Rapid Military, Nuclear Weapons Buildup
Sen. Cotton: 'It's imperative' Biden modernizes US nuclear forces while China grows nuclear arsenal
Milley warns US military must ready for China's plan to 'challenge the United States globally'
Chinese Media Slams Pentagon Report on Growing Nuclear Arsenal as 'Speculative'
China Mocks Joe Biden: Apologizing for America at Climate Summit Shows 'How Powerless He Is'
The US Navy fired the leaders of the attack submarine that ran into an underwater mountain in the South China Sea
U.S. Lawmakers Approve Bill to Ratchet up Pressure on Nicaragua's Ortega
Feds arrest Russian analyst linked to 2016 'Steele Dossier' on Trump
DNI declassifies Brennan notes, CIA memo on Hillary Clinton 'stirring up' scandal between Trump, Russia
Manhattan DA convenes new grand jury in Trump Org. case to weigh potential charges
Federal judge skeptical of Trump's efforts to block release of presidential documents
Nolte: Horrific Reality of Democrat Policies Red-Pilled America
Angry Democrats Slam Joe Biden After Catastrophic Election, 'Nobody Elected Him to Be FDR'
Carville blames 'stupid wokeness' for Democratic losses
Report: Taylor Swift Fans Changed Voter Registration to Virginia in Failed Attempt to Help Terry McAuliffe
Post-election reality check: Glenn Youngkin, the Carlyle Group and Dominion Voting Systems
New Jersey Governor Race Called for Democrat Murphy by 20,000 Votes After He Mysteriously Gained 40,000 Ballots Overnight
NJ Election Chaos: 56 Voting Machines Shut Down Overnight Without Votes Being Counted, Will Have to Be Brought to Warehouse
Illegal Conduct: New Jersey Gubernatorial Election Worker Tells Non-Citizen and Non-Registered Voter She Will Allow Him to 'Fill Out Completely a Ballot Now'
More Fraud in New Jersey's Election Uncovered - Voting Machines Would Not Allow Citizens to Vote for Republican Governor Candidate
New Jersey Senate President Won't Concede to Republican Truck Driver - Says "12,000 Ballots Recently Found in One County"
On Anniversary of 2020 Election 56% of Voters Now Believe There Was Cheating - Up from April - Including 47% of Black Voters
Wisconsin Sheriff Makes Five Criminal Referrals For Election Commissioners
Justice Department sues Texas over new voting restrictions
Alex Marlow on Big Tech Censorship with Larry Elder: If You Control the News, You Control the Vote
Dem Bill Gives Special Tax Handout to Media Companies with Up to 1,500 "Local Journalists"
US to cover costs for journalists under legal pressure
'Defund the Police' Movement Collapses Across America's Most Liberal Cities
Soros Spent $500k+ Towards Defeating Austin's "Refund the Police" Proposal
'A senseless act': 2 teens charged with killing Fairfield, Iowa Spanish teacher
Indiana man charged with opening fire on trick-or-treaters, killing teen
Tourists Panic After 'Armed' Gang Opens Fire at Upscale Cancun Resort
FBI Sat On Bombshell Footage From Kyle Rittenhouse Shooting
Border GOP lawmakers urge Dem leaders to pull immigration provisions from spending bill, citing migrant crisis
Intelligence bulletin reveals plot against U.S. electrical grid using drone
Facebook, Instagram, and Messenger suffer worldwide outages
Facebook should not have bowed to public outrage and shut down its facial recognition system, former world chess champion says
AT&T, Verizon to Delay 5G Rollout Over FAA's Airplane Safety Concerns
Series of CMEs impact Earth, sparking G3 - Strong geomagnetic storming
Solar storm from 'cannibal' sun eruption may impact power grid and bring auroras as far south as Pennsylvania
5.6 magnitude earthquake hits near Amahai, Indonesia
5.5 magnitude earthquake hits near Bluff, New Zealand
5.3 magnitude earthquake hits the Maug Islands region, Northern Mariana Islands
5.2 magnitude earthquake hits near Nikolski, Alaska
5.2 magnitude earthquake hits near Finschhafen, Papua New Guinea
Tropical Storm Wanda may be the last gasp for hurricane season
A major coastal flood event, similar to a surge from a hurricane, is underway in Charleston, South Carolina
Heavy Hail: Severe storm leaves city looking like middle of winter on 86-degree spring day
Gore Touts Technology Tracking 'Identities' of Greenhouse Gas Emitters - 'We Can Take Action'
Pope Francis Compares Effects of Climate Change to World War II
Extinction Rebellion Co-Founder Said Climate Change Will See 'Your Mother, Sister, and Girlfriend' Gang-Raped
Marvel's 'Eternals,' Featuring Gay Superhero, Not Showing in Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Kuwait
Braves Fans Boo Woke MLB Commissioner Who Removed All-Star Game from Atlanta
Rabbi From Hell at Center of Gruesome Cult Murders
Jeffrey Epstein's Accusers Seek Justice at Ghislaine Maxwell Trial
Lawyer says Ghislaine Maxwell's jail conditions rival Hannibal Lecter
As Biden Met With the Pope, His DOJ Filed a Brief Claiming the Right To Abort a Baby With a Beating Heart
Scientists Claim to Improve Human Brain Function With Implants and AI
Bill Gates warns of smallpox terror attacks and urges leaders to use 'germ games' to prepare
Inside the World's Most Blatant Covid-19 Coverup: Secret Burials, a Dead President
Ukrainians protest against vaccination as COVID cases soar
Covid-19 Lockdowns Ripple Across China - 'I Wonder How Long I Can Hang On'
Fauci, Sen. Paul Clash on Responsibility for COVID Pandemic
Sen. Rand Paul blasts Fauci over alleged 'gain-of-function' research: 'You appear to have learned nothing from this pandemic'
Rand Paul accuses Fauci of changing 'gain-of-function' definition to 'cover your a--' in fiery clash
UK authorizes first pill shown to treat COVID
Manchin: U.S. has already spent more on COVID-19 than it did on World War II
OSHA vaccine mandate to hit large employers Jan. 4, with hefty fines for noncompliance
The latest federal vaccine mandate covers 84 million workers - here's what to know
Work Tax: Biden's Mandate Makes Unvaccinated Pay for Their Own COVID Tests at Least Once a Week
OSHA COVID-19 Vaccine Rule May be Expanded to Small Businesses: Labor Department
Months Ago, Biden White House Said Vaccine Mandates 'Not the Role of the Federal Government'
US businesses not the 'enforcement arm' of the Biden admin's vaccine policies, says Daily Wire
Biden Mandate Forces Americans to 'Choose Between Putting Food on the Table or Receiving a Vaccine'
Marjorie Taylor Greene blames 'vaccine Nazis' for 'ruining our country'
Andy Biggs Introduces Bill To Abolish OSHA, Agency Responsible For Biden's Vaccine Mandate
GOP Senators Intend to 'Defund' Biden's Federal Vaccine Mandate
Sen. Roger Marshall Reveals Plan To Block Government Funding Bill If Biden Does Not Retract Vaccine Mandate
Sen. Mike Braun Plans to Use Congressional Review Act to Nullify Biden Vaccine Mandate
Lawsuits Pile Up After White House Sets COVID-19 Vaccine Mandate Deadline
DeSantis says Florida will sue Biden administration over vaccine mandate for large businesses
Tennessee Attorney General Sues over Biden's Vaccine Mandate for Contractors
Arizona Attorney General to Sue Over Federal Vaccine Rules
Missouri AG to sue Biden Administration over COVID-19 vaccine mandate
South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster to Bar Cabinet Agencies from Enforcing Vaccine Mandates
More Than Half of Unvaccinated Americans Say Nothing Will Change Their Mind
New York Nurses Fighting State's Vaccine Mandate Take Case To U.S. Supreme Court
Vaccine Mandate Violates Constitutional Rights: Pennsylvania Lawsuit
Marine Addresses Vaccine Mandates and Provides Documents Showing It's Unconstitutional
Air Force says nearly 8,500 miss deadline for COVID-19 shots
Vaccine mandate could cost border patrol more than half of its agents, internal report says
Union Pacific Backs Off Biden's Vaccine Mandates after Only 44% of Union Workers get Vaxxed
Eric Adams Heckled Over Vaccine Mandates Day After Winning NYC Mayoral Race
Garbage piles up across NYC after about 20% of all sanitation workers protest
San Francisco Planning to Require COVID-19 Vaccination for Children 5 to 11
Ted Cruz Aims To Cut Funding To Public Schools That Mandate COVID Vax For Kids
Ron DeSantis: Florida Will Not Host State-Run Vaccine Sites for Children
Disturbing Pfizer Ad Tells Kids They'll Get Superpowers from COVID Jab
Ben Carson tells Fox News kids should 'absolutely not' get COVID shots: It's a 'giant experiment'
"My Government Lied to Me": Dad Details Teen Son's Death from Myocarditis Following Vaccine
Commentary: Something Really Strange Is Happening At Hospitals All Over America - Emergency rooms are filled to overflowing all over America as Covid cases drop
World Class Athletes Suffer Vaccine Injuries
24-Year-Old Hockey Star Boris Sadecky Dies After Collapsing on Ice in Cardiac Arrest Last Friday - 80% of League is Vaccinated
WH Spox Says Firing Thousands of Truckers Over Biden's Vaccine Mandate will Not Affect Supply Chain
New Report Shows Growth of the Welfare State Has Fueled Long-Term Declines in the Labor Force
Ammo shortage frustrates area hunters and stores
Global Food Prices Are Getting Closer to a Record High
Meat 'sticker shock' looms as US$3,000 bonuses fail to end worker shortfall
U.S. Trade Deficit Hits Fresh Record on Goods Demand, Higher Inflation
Clinton Treasury Chief Sounds Alarm on Inflation: Biden Administration 'Still Not Fully Recognizing the Gravity of the Situation'
Economy ministers of Israel, Jordan meet for first time in decade to boost ties
Malicious activities: US blacklists Israel's NSO Group and Candiru spyware firms
Black Shadow hackers leak medical records of 290,000 Israeli patients
Israel prepares to launch giant missile-detecting balloon over north
Israel Strikes Near Damascus for Second Time This Week, Syria Says
US asks Israel to urge Sudan's military chief to reverse coup
Iran and Israel accuse each other of cyber-attacks in escalating 'Cold War'
Iran, EU say nuclear talks to resume on November 29 in Vienna
Iran seized Vietnamese-flagged oil tanker in Gulf of Oman: US officials
US announces sanctions targeting Iran's drone program
Facebook deletes Ethiopia PM's post that urged citizens to 'bury' rebels
Pentagon probe: Drone strike that killed 10 Afghan civilians did not violate law
Pentagon quietly hid 130,000+ Afghan war photos, videos from public view
Ukraine, Kremlin Deny Russian Military Buildup as Units Near Border Now Number 90,000
China Expands Nuclear Weapons Arsenal to Better Compete Globally, Pentagon Says
Feds Seek Tougher Sentences for Veterans Who Participated in Jan. 6 Capitol Attack
Twitter Censors Trailer for Tucker Carlson's Jan 6th Documentary
Newsmax, One America News sued by voting technology firm Smartmatic
Key Georgia election official to resign amid 2020 backlash
Florida Governor Ron DeSantis Holds Presser and Announces New Law Enforcement Office for Election Integrity - Crowd Breaks Out in 'Let's Go Brandon'
May 2021: Virginia GOP nominee has cash ties to Soros, Clintons, deep state
Virginia Lt Gov-Elect Winsome Sears slams Jemele Hill after sports writer blames 'white supremacy' for her win
Virginia Dem caught tampering with voting site gets earful on 'fair elections' from police officer
More Tricks: NYT Changes Results from >95% Reporting in Virginia Race to 94% Reporting - FOX Goes from 97% to 94%!
On One Year Anniversary of the 2020 Election Steal - Was the 2021 Virginia Race a Head-fake by Democrats?
Democrat Tricks in New Jersey Governor's Race - Republican Winning Largest County with 100% of Votes Counted Then Vote Flips and Democrat Miraculously Wins County
NJ Election Chaos: Early Vote Double-Counted in Hudson County, Was Fixed and Gave GOP Candidate Lead
NJ truck driver Ed Durr on verge of upsetting state Senate president, longtime Dem leader
Teacher forced out after January 6 photo wins seat on school board in Massachusetts
Many tough-on-crime candidates win in local elections across U.S.
Minneapolis voters reject measure to replace police department
Several Minneapolis city council members who favored failed police defunding measure ousted in election
Twitter roasts MSNBC for Election Night meltdown
Dems vow to plow forward on Biden agenda, even after election faceplants
Biden's takeaway from Virginia election: 'I'm continuing to push very hard' for large spending bill
Democrats ask reporters to do better job selling Build Back Better: We 'rely on all of you'
Senate Republicans, led by Daines, move to block reported $450k payments to illegal immigrants
'God's Hand is With Us': Illegal Migrant Caravan Leaders Are Issuing Violent Threats to U.S. Border Security.
Texas installs makeshift border wall consisting of shipping containers as massive migrant caravan approaches border
'Rust' armorer's attorneys speculate sabotage occurred on set in deadly Alec Baldwin shooting incident
Series of CMEs expected to impact Earth, G2 - Moderate geomagnetic storm watch in effect
Earthquakes haunt tiny South Carolina community. What's causing the tremors?
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits near Port-Vila, Vanuatu
Karymsky volcano on Kamchatka, Russia erupts to 28,000ft
Semeru volcano in Indonesia erupts to 13,000ft
At least 10 killed by mudslide in southwest Colombia
India's PM Narendra Modi Wants $1 Trillion to Reduce Pollution
Biden takes aim at oil and gas industry with methane emissions plan to fight climate change
Cop26 Globalists Enjoy Meat While Telling You to Eat Bugs
Supreme Court seems poised to expand Second Amendment rights and strike down NY handgun law
Justice Alito Asks Why Law-Abiding Citizens Can't Be Armed on NYC Subways as SCOTUS Hears Major Second Amendment Case
DeSantis Blasts 'Corporate Wokeness,' Vows Backlash Against Firms Pushing 'Ideology'
Twitter Censors PJ Media for Calling Rachel Levine a Male
Federal Texas Judge: Religious Businesses Protected From LGBT Discrimination Claims
Twelve Sexual and Violent Offender Trans Inmates Moved Into Women's Prisons in Scotland
COVID deaths set new records daily as Russia grapples with mistrust of government and vaccines
Senator Johnson Expert Panel on Federal Vaccine Mandates and Vaccine Injuries
Army Brigade Surgeon: "One Morning I Had To Ground Three Out Of Three Pilots Due To Vaccine Injury"
Thousands report developing abnormal tumors following COVID shots
2 Garland Children Mistakenly Given Adult Dose Of COVID-19 Vaccine
Double Vaxxed LA Mayor Tests Positive For COVID
Sports Media Blast Unvaccinated 'Liar' Aaron Rodgers After Positive Covid Test
CDC Changed Definition of 'Vaccine' Because of COVID-19 Vaccines: Emails
These companies, agencies are facing employee pushback on vaccine mandates per Biden executive order
Senate Republicans to formally disapprove, nullify Biden vaccine mandate on private employees
Georgia Governor Brian Kemp to List Actions He'll Take Against Joe Biden's COVID-19 Mandate for Federal Contractors
Gov. DeSantis joins Florida second-grader suspended for refusing to wear mask: 'Totally unacceptable'
Arizona Supreme Court strikes GOP mask mandate ban
Ohio U.S. Senate candidate says he was told to wear a mask to vote: 'Completely unconstitutional'
Marjorie Taylor Greene Nears $50,000 In Fines For Violating House Mask Mandate
Where Are All the Truck Drivers? Shortage Adds to Delivery Delays
Cargo thefts spike as backlog of container ships continues to grow
Fed announces it will begin slowing economic aid as inflation continues to rise
DeSantis: 'A Recession Is When Your Neighbor Loses His Job... a Recovery Is When Fauci Loses His'
Joint List MK decries 'cursed' Balfour Declaration on anniversary
Bahraini crown prince to visit Israel in historic boost to Abraham Accords
PM meets with US national security adviser over Iran, West Bank construction
Israel, Russia share common goal of ousting Iran from Syria
Rep. Mo Brooks Blasts Biden for Weakness over Iran, 'Empowering' Terrorists
Iran says national fuel network up and running, week after major cyber attack
Hackers claim to leak details of LGBTQ dating site after ransom not paid
IDF Home Command Imagines 'Worst-Case' War Scenario as Third of Israelis Lack Bomb Shelters
At least 19 dead in suicide bomb, shooting attack on Kabul military hospital
Ethiopia declares nationwide state of emergency as rebel forces gain ground
Two Christians Killed, Dozens Abducted in Attack on Church in Nigeria
Man with knife shouting 'Allahu Akbar' shot by Paris Metro guards
Commentary: China's "Satellite Crusher": Space Pearl Harbor Is Coming
Satellite images appear to show China is making significant progress developing missile silos that could eventually launch nuclear weapons
Biden says he is not worried about armed conflict occurring with China
Massive Flood Of Illegal Aliens Approaches U.S. Border - San Luis Police Chief: "Once They're 'Vetted', They're Dropped - God Only Knows Where They Go"
Mexico's National Guard Kills Cuban Migrant, Wounds Four Others as Caravan Advances
DEA Agent Charged in Jan 6 Incursion Says FBI Informant Urged Him to Break Into Capitol with Mob
Tucker Carlson slammed Senator Lindsey Graham for reportedly telling Capitol Police to shoot rioters
Mike Pence says he was guided by founding father James Madison and the Bible when he decided to defy Trump and certify the 2020 election
Brad Raffensperger, GOP target of Trump ire in Georgia, warns of potential for more election violence
Commentary: Lawless Elections Are an Existential Threat to Democracy
Commentary: Wisconsin Investigation Uncovers Potential Tip Of A Voting Fraud Iceberg
It's Happening Again - Judge In Virginia Dismisses Case - Allows Fairfax County to Include Absentee and Mail-In Ballots in Governor Election that Violate the Law
Virginia: Fairfax County Delayed in Vote Tally, Misses 8PM Deadline
Fairfax County rescanning 20K early-voting ballots due to issues with thumb drives
Report: Virginia Polling Precincts Block Maskless Residents from Voting
VA Dept. of Elections Responds to Reports of Unmasked Voter Suppression
Republican Glenn Youngkin Projected Winner in Virginia Governor Race
Terry McAuliffe Refuses to Concede Election as Glenn Youngkin Declared Winner
Shocker in New Jersey: Governor's race a nail-biter
Trump ally Roger Stone teases run for Florida governor if DeSantis doesn't call for election audit
Facebook will shut down facial recognition system, citing growing societal concerns about the use of such technology
Florida man faces daily fines for massive 'Let's Go Brandon' sign and pro-Trump sign: 'That's free speech'
Long-duration M1.7 solar flare erupts from geoeffective AR 2981
Bright fireball seen over the Midwest, U.S.
5.7 magnitude earthquake hits near Tual, Indonesia
5.7 magnitude earthquake hits south of the Fiji Islands
5.7 magnitude earthquake hits near Los Andes, Chile
5.4 magnitude earthquake hits the Balleny Islands region
5.4 magnitude earthquake hits the Mid-Indian Ridge
5.1 magnitude earthquake hits near Sibolga, Indonesia
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits the Carlsberg Ridge
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits near San Jose Village, Northern Mariana Islands
La Palma volcano in the Canary Islands erupts to 13,000ft
Hailstorm damage to crops, cars and homes expected to exceed $100 million, Australia
Hour-long hailstorm kills hundreds of ostriches in Aberdeen, South Africa
Impressive hail accumulation after severe storm hits Taija, Bolivia
Marine heat wave fueled prolific rainfall events pushing NYC into history books
Drought-stricken Madagascar a 'wake up call,' UN food agency head says
Israel and Gates Foundation to cooperate on climate change
Flintstones, Meet the Flintstones: Biden & EPA to Send America Back to Stone Age, Push Anti-Energy Agenda
Internet now most popular place to meet a spouse, but divorce is high: study
Sen. Josh Hawley says liberals' attacks on manhood are driving men to pornography and video games
Same-sex partners to receive Social Security survivors benefits after yearslong fights
Supreme Court rejects Catholic hospital sued for refusing to perform hysterectomy on trans patient
Man accused of killing his daughter's boyfriend who he claimed sold her to a sex-trafficking ring, police say
Poland: Pregnant Woman, Fetus Die After Doctors Wouldn't Perform Abortion Under Restrictive Law
Mason, Ohio, Becomes 41st City to Outlaw Abortion Within Its Limits
Texas 'Heartbeat' Abortion Law Is Unconstitutional, Biden Administration Tells Supreme Court
Illinois Has Sold More Than $1 Billion In Marijuana So Far This Year, State Officially Announces
Over 20 Fauci-Funded Researchers Have Served At the Chinese Communist-Run Wuhan Lab
ERs Are Swamped With Seriously Ill Patients, Although Many Don't Have Covid
Pfizer expects 2021, 2022 COVID-19 vaccine sales to total at least $65 bln
Indian media criticizes Pfizer after Ivermectin success
'Falsified Data': Pfizer Vaccine Trial Had Major Flaws, Whistleblower Tells Peer-Reviewed Journal
Researchers In Peer-Reviewed Study Call For "Immediate Withdrawal of mRNA COVID Vaccines For Use in Pregnancy, Those Breastfeeding, Those Of Childbearing Age and Children"
I Will Not Be Reduced To A Mere Guinea Pig Vaccinated With An Experimental Drug Says EU Parliamentarian
Ontario politician demands police investigate spike in youths dying after COVID jab
Mom to file lawsuit after 16-year-old son given COVID shot at school without her consent
Rep. Andy Biggs Introducing Bill to Abolish OSHA After Agency Mandates Vaccines, Testing
From Boeing to Mercedes, a U.S. worker rebellion swells over vaccine mandates
Military Vaccine Deadline: Clash Begins With Troops Who Refuse Shots
Christian conservatives claim that unvaccinated soldiers are treated worse than trans people
Only 34 police officers defy New York's vaccine mandate after union threatened 10,000 would quit
De Blasio calls union leaders fighting vaccine mandate 'unpatriotic'
Schools grapple with growing shortage of teachers and substitutes
Leftists Triggered After Mark Cuban Rescinds Vaccine Mandate for Fans at Mavs Games
Kentucky Man Challenges Federal Mask Mandate and Then Immediately Gets Placed on Terrorist Watch List and Harassed When Flying
Southwest Pilot and Flight Attendant Brawl After 'Disagreement Over Mask-Wearing'
American Airlines cancels more flights; total tops 2,300
Half of Beijing's flights are canceled as China's capital city tightens Covid restrictions
Abbott: Ships Can Get to Texas and Unload Faster Than They Can Get Through California Backlog
How Car Shortages Are Putting the World's Economy at Risk
China Urges Stocking Up Ahead of Winter, Prompting Worries Online
Soaring Wheat Prices Are Raising Bread Costs
Zillow Quits Home-Flipping Business, Laying Off 25% of Its Staff in the Process
Republican lawmakers urge US not to open consulate in Jerusalem
After green-lighting settlements, Israel advances 1,303 Palestinian units
PA premier calls 'Israeli occupation' biggest threat to Palestinian environment
Aravrit - new app designs script that combines Hebrew and Arabic
Israeli delegation said to visit Sudan, meeting with leaders involved in coup
With latest row, Saudi-Iran 'proxy wars' play out in embattled Lebanon
Lebanon Faces Deepening Economic Crisis as Saudis Cut Ties Over Iran
Biden says US 'continuing to suffer' from Trump's decision to pull out of Iran nuclear deal
At least three dead, dozens missing after 21-story building collapses in Nigeria
Georgia: Thousands Protest 'Rigged' Election After Pro-Putin Party Wins
Pentagon rattled by Chinese military push on multiple fronts
Chinese satellite hints at space warfare prowess by dodging US surveillance
China using stolen U.S. tech to 'to build a military that can defeat ours,' says ex-CIA officer
Blinken and Wang warn against fueling Taiwan tensions
Brazilian police kill 25 people in warlike operation against criminal group
Explosion in Mexico kills at least 1, injures 15 as dozens of buildings damaged
Commentary: The US Is Now Closer To A Dictatorship Than A Democratic Republic
The Forces Behind Biden's Problems: Four Parties, Zero Trust
Frustrated Democratic donors threaten to hold back midterm donations over infighting in Congress, tight Virginia race
Tight Virginia race becomes referendum on Biden presidency
NBC News Poll: 50 percent of Republicans doubt their vote will be counted accurately
Mail-In Ballot Nightmare: Lawsuits Filed as 300,000 Ballots Allegedly Impacted as VA Governor's Race Takes Off
CEO of notorious spyware firm NSO Group will reportedly step aside
Facebook Says It Removed Troll Farm Run by Nicaraguan Government
UK's Online Safety Bill could spell jail time for trolls
'Squid Game' cryptocurrency developers steal millions in purported 'rug pull' scam
NASA chief Bill Nelson latest official to suggest UFOs have otherworldly origins
Moderately strong M1.5 solar flare erupts from AR 2887
6.0 magnitude earthquake hits near Sinabang, Indonesia
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits off the coast of Central America
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits near The Valley, Anguilla
Ruiz volcano in Colombia erupts to 22,000ft
Sheveluch volcano on Kamchatka, Russia erupts to 13,000ft
Wanda becomes tropical storm over open Atlantic
Cop26: Cries of hypocrisy as private jets fill the Glasgow sky
Gas-Guzzling Cruise Ships to House Thousands of Climate Diplomats During Two Week United Nations Conference
Biden Admits 'Irony' of Asking OPEC for Oil While Pushing Climate Change Policies
Biden warns of 'existential' climate threat at Glasgow summit
Biden Apologizes for Trump Admin Pulling Out of Paris Accords
Biden appears to fall asleep during climate speech despite claiming it's 'greatest threat' to US security
NBC News reporter says Biden's apparent nap is 'political obstacle,' reminds viewers he keeps long hours
Archbishop of Canterbury apologizes for Nazi comparison at climate summit
An Oregon City Is Limiting How Often a Church Feeds the Homeless
Halloween weekend violence: At least 64 wounded in mass shootings, 12 killed nationwide, statistics show
Florida 'Teacher of the Year' arrested for hitting pupil who criticized award
Barclays Chief Executive Jes Staley Steps Down Over Epstein Investigation
Feds refuse to offer Ghislaine Maxwell a plea deal as judge says witnesses can remain anonymous
Leading Israeli LGBTQ activist accused of sexual assault by two men
Jesuit Father James Martin: U.S. Bishops Overemphasize Abortion
'Saving Lives': Abortions Drop 50 Percent in Texas Following Heartbeat Ban, Study Shows
With prayers and signs, abortion demonstrators converge on U.S. Supreme Court
Supreme Court set to hear challenges to Texas law banning abortion after six weeks
U.S. Supreme Court leans toward allowing challenge to Texas abortion law
Kavanaugh, Barrett Signal Skepticism in Texas Abortion-Law Case
Supreme Court vacates decision against religious groups fighting NY abortion coverage mandate
Illinois Democrats Vote to Repeal State's Last Anti-Abortion Law - Parental Notification for Minors
Rand Paul: 'I Don't Think Fauci Is Ever Going to Admit' NIH Funded Gain of Function Research
Locking Guests Inside Disneyland Shows China's Extreme Covid Tactics
New International Ivermectin Report of 64 Studies Shows 86% Success as Prophylaxis and 67% Success in Early Treatment
Study: Americans with J&J COVID Vaccine 3.7 Times More Likely to Develop Blood Clots Than Average Person
The New Digital Driver's License Will Include Your Vaccine Status - May Eventually Include Your Credit Score, Travel Records and Social Credit Score
70% of US adults are fully vaccinated, 80% partially: White House
White House says 15 mln COVID-19 shots will roll out to children by next week
OSHA Will Start Enforcing Biden's Vaccine Mandate on American Businesses Within Days
Biden administration to publish details on Covid vaccine mandate for businesses in coming days
White House eases vaccine mandate enforcement amid fears of dropped contracts
Federal contractors get broad flexibility to enforce Covid vaccine rules for millions of workers
As 'emergency' workplace vax mandate looms, OSHA guidance stems flow of adverse reaction reports
Unvaccinated Colorado teacher placed on unpaid leave despite exemption: 'Like a punch in the face'
US prisons face staffing shortages as corrections officers quit in droves amid COVID-19
Judge rules Chicago vaccine mandate must be arbitrated with police unions, pauses deadline
Republicans demand Biden halt vaccine mandates for Border Patrol amid migrant crisis
The Corps' COVID-19 vaccination deadline is coming. Marines who refuse will be booted
American Airlines cancels over 350 flights, bringing its total to 2,000 since Friday
I've Been Driving Trucks For 20 Years, I'll Tell You Why America's "Shipping Crisis" Will Not End
Worsening shortages, high prices restrain U.S. manufacturing activity
European Economies Grew Faster Than U.S. As Inflation and Supply Chain Delays Crippled the Country
UK's Prince Charles Calls For 'Vast Military-Style Campaign' By Elites To Achieve Global 'Fundamental Economic Transition'
Drill for 2,000 rockets a day and internal strife: IDF preps for war
'Unprecedented' IDF Simulation Preps for Full-Scale War Scenario Along Northern Border With Lebanon, Syria
Hackers demand $1 million to halt their leak of user info from Israeli LGBT site
Iran: Israel, US likely behind gas station cyberattacks
'Israel, Iran engaged in cold war,' prime minister says
Biden pledges to only leave renewed Iran deal if Tehran clearly violates it
Biden warns US will respond to Iranian actions, including drone attacks
Sudan's Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok says he'll never step down 'willingly' in the wake of coup
Tigrayan and Oromo Forces Say They Have Seized Towns on Ethiopian Highway
Saudi Arabia: Dealing with Hezbollah-dominated Lebanon is 'pointless'
UAE urges citizens to exit Lebanon 'as soon as possible' amid row over Yemen war
Biden raises missile purchase with Turkey's Erdogan, says nations should better manage conflict
Army shelling in Myanmar blamed for setting 160 homes ablaze
Taliban supreme leader makes first public appearance
Afghanistan Wedding Ends With Alleged Taliban Gunning Down Guests Due to Music Being Played
Russian troop movements near Ukraine border prompt concern in U.S., Europe
Man dressed as the Joker stabs at least 17 people on Tokyo commuter train
Explosion in Mexico destroys at least 30 buildings, leaves 1 dead, 15 injured
Salisbury train crash: Major incident as two trains collide
Britain Begins to Think the Unthinkable: Life After the Queen
Mask Theatrics at G20: Global Leaders Remove Masks After Posing for Cameras
Biden appears to use prepared list of reporters after G20 summit in Rome: 'I'm told we should start with AP'
Biden apologizes for being late to G20 press conference: 'We were playing with elevators'
Biden Winds Up G-20 Summit Saying He's Got Things Under Control
NBC Poll: Biden Approval Sinks to 42 Percent; 'Instability, Chaos'
Racine County GOP Executive Committee Calls for Immediate Intervention of Wisconsin Election Commission Over Nursing Home Fraud Scandal
Raffensperger: 'I Will Gladly Participate' in Probe of Trump Election Pressuring
2 dead, over 10 injured at backyard Halloween party in Illinois: Police
6.1 magnitude earthquake hits the South Sandwich Islands region
5.6 magnitude earthquake hits near Perryville, Alaska
5.1 magnitude earthquake hits near Tanabe, Japan
5.1 magnitude earthquake hits near Funaishikawa, Japan
5.0 magnitude earthquake hits Tadine, New Caledonia
6th earthquake reported in South Carolina during one week span
La Palma volcano in the Canary Islands erupts to 18,000ft
Worst flooding in over a decade hits Chesapeake Bay
Warm Pacific may have led to near-record tornado month
'Uncharted territory:' UN says last seven years on track to be hottest on record
Climate change: Extreme weather events are 'the new norm'
Pope Francis is asking people to pray for the Earth as U.N. climate talks begin
Greta Thunberg Joins London Protest, Tells Banks to 'Stop Funding Our Destruction'
What are carbon credits? How fighting climate change became a billion-dollar industry
Elon Musk Wants Proof $6 Billion Can Solve World Hunger
Trump, Wife Delight Braves Fans, Upset Liberal Writers by Doing Tomahawk Chop at World Series
Georgia Congressman Says Joe Biden and Merrick Garland Consider School Board Parents More Dangerous Than Incoming Illegal Immigrants
Maher Torches People Who Change Words Because They Can't Deal With Reality: 'Repeat Kindergarten'
AMA Document: Doctors Should Use Language 'Inspired by Critical Race Theory'
Pandemic restrictions were a blow to religious liberty
Illinois Legislature Votes to Eliminate Right of Religious Freedom from COVID Rejection Measures
Major study finds that people who believe in COVID-19 conspiracies are more likely to catch the virus, lose their jobs, and be socially isolated
Abp. Vigano warns US bishops about COVID jab: The Great Reset wants 'billions of chronically ill people'
Recordings Reveal Lockstep COVID-19 Protocols, Patient Isolation by Hospitals
Pfizer adds ingredient used to stabilize heart attack victims in vax for kids
Moderna says FDA delaying decision on its shot for adolescents over heart risks
CDC plagued by confusing messaging, critics say
White House spokesperson Psaki has COVID-19, last saw Biden on Tuesday
Companies mull ending government contracts over vaccine mandate
Tennessee Lawmakers Vote to Ban COVID-19 Vaccine Passports, Restrict Mask Mandates
Analysis: More Than a Third of Unvaccinated Workers Will Quit Their Jobs If Forced to Take Weekly COVID Test
IDF cancels suspension of elite unit commander who refused COVID vaccine
FDNY rescue paramedic rips de Blasio over COVID vaccine mandate: Mayor is 'not allowing us to work'
Sheriff warns vaccine mandate causing 'mass exodus' among personnel
Commerce secretary says putting off vaccine mandate until after holidays would be a 'mistake'
'Deja vu all over again': American Airlines cancels hundreds more flights Sunday
American Airlines' Canceled Flights Portend Messy Holiday Travel
Supermarkets Play Supply-Chain 'Whack-a-Mole' to Keep Products on Shelves
Top Hedge Fund CEO Calls For Fed To Hit Brakes On InflationCurrent Images of Wales Webpage Archive
The feature below, first shown on my website on 2 December 1997, was one of the earliest of my Images of Wales webpages
These pictures were taken from my bedroom window.
Now explore my Webpage Archive and send in your own request
Current Images of Wales Webpage Archive
Please write via my Contact Page with your comments about my photographs.Pianist Jennifer King is an energetic and versatile pianist, equally at home as a collaborator and soloist on the concert stage. Her latest album, O Mistress Moon: Canadian Edition, is a follow-up to her 2018 ECMA-nominated debut album, O Mistress Moon. With a busy career spanning almost three decades, she has established herself as a sought-after performer and recording artist in Atlantic Canada.
O Mistress Moon: Canadian Edition
.
For this all-Canadian project, Jennifer has teamed up with Halifax music producers, Leaf Music, to release the recordings in 12 monthly singles that correspond to each full moon of the year, starting in February 2021 until January 2022.ENJOY A SAFE GAME!
Safety and health is a top priority for us! Therefore we have implemented new safety measures in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic to make sure that we can provide the cleanest and safest environment for everyone while enjoying our escape game adventures.
In accordance with the state recommendation, we require our players (and game masters of course) to wear a face mask in our facilities. Please use a face mask to covered mouth and nose throughout the entire visit. In case somebody arrives without a mask, we can supply them from our stock.
Please use the hand sanitizers before and after the game, which we provide on our reception. One-time use gloves are also available at our premises, which are not mandatory but recommended to use.
We kindly ask you to please pay by card. We have our contactless machines available at each of our branches.
Cleaning regime is very important! We clean and disinfect our games and the common areas (reception, bathroom, etc) after every game. We open, windows and use the ventilation system to change the air between games.
We try to minimize the contact with our game masters, please try to keep the recommended 2 meters distance. Also, we have big enough reception and separated seating areas, to ensure that groups do not get in contact with each other.
We also upgraded our bathrooms to meet the hygienic requirements: we provide antibacterial liquid hand soap, one-time-use paper towels and disinfection spray to disinfect the toilet seat and other equipment before use. We also clean the bathrooms more frequently.
With all these safety measures in place, we consider escape games as safe fun as long as you play with family or friends without symptoms of illness. In case you do not feel healthy please refrain from the game to respect the safety of others.
In case you would like to get any further information or details on safety and hygiene please contact David Havel, Business Director, david.havel@mindmazeprague.com, Tel.: 420 775 926 611
We are looking forward to your visit! MindMaze TeamNew Feature Update: Split by Message Form
Sept. 7, 2015
RapidPro now supports structured data collection through simple custom SMS message forms.
Message forms are essentially a sequence of values separated by spaces (“ “) plus signs (“+”), or periods ("."). Our Flow Engine’s unique split functionality allows you to create response rules that evaluate each separated value, assign it a field name, and direct your contacts accordingly.
See it in Action
A team of clinicians working in a maternity clinic has just delivered a child and needs to register her. In this particular use case, they need to record the gender, child’s name, mother’s name, and the mother’s birth year. Using our message form feature, they could report that information in the following format: “birth [gender]+[child’s name]+[mother’s name]+[mother's birth year]”. The keyword “birth” acts as a trigger that notifies RapidPro which flow the message form is intended to interact with.
Let’s say the child is a female, her name is Noel, and her mother, Beverly, was born in 1985. A clinician would send the message “birth f+Noel+Beverly+1985”, which can then be evaluated by RapidPro’s response rules using a series of split steps that will either confirm that each individual value is formatted correctly, or alert the sender that they’ve made a mistake and ask them to resubmit the message form.
From the clinician’s point of view, the exchange will look as simple as this:
To learn more about message forms, review our corresponding documentation.
Adapted from a 14 August 2015 post by Kellan Alexander on TextIt's blog.
Posted here with permission.They’re no strangers to the discipline and commitment it takes to succeed after singing in Australia’s oldest musical ensemble – St Mary’s Cathedral Choir – from age 10.
Meet the four St Mary’s Cathedral Choir Scholars who continue to strike the balance between their chosen creative outlet and school life in their HSC year.
The Choir Scholars are an elite choral ensemble made up of students in Years 8 to 12 at St Mary’s Cathedral College Sydney, who elect to continue their singing commitment once their voices move from the treble of a chorister to an alto, baritone or tenor.
They give about eight hours each week to rehearsals and Cathedral liturgies, including Wednesday night Vespers. For concerts and major feast days they join forces with the main Cathedral Choir.
They have toured internationally, cementing all the skills expected of a professional musician.
“Juggling HSC and choir teaches you a lot of organisational skills” – Antonio Guarino
MEET THE CHOIR SCHOLARS
Dylan Ford, Antonio Guarino, Reilly Bashall and Marciano Flammia joined St Mary’s Cathedral College – and the St Mary’s Cathedral Choir – in Year 5.
Two now hold school leadership positions. All four are studying Music for their HSC and say the skills they have learned through the choir program have helped in the subject.
Dylan Ford
“The singing lessons we do through the Cathedral help us with our practical exams,” said Dylan, who is also the college’s music captain.
“Going in, you don’t know what the commitment is like but you see the image and it’s exciting,” he said.
“As you go through the years you get used to the process and fall in love with it” – Dylan Ford
“There’s a sort of passion that has to be there for us to spend so much time in the choir.
“We toured Belgium and that was pretty exciting. But it’s just fun to sing with everyone, to be honest.”
Antonio Guarino
Antonio Guarino said his time in the choir had been extremely valuable.
“Juggling HSC and choir is pretty hectic,” Antonio said. “It teaches you a lot of organisational skills and a sense of responsibility.”
Reilly Bashall
Tenor Reilly Bashall is also a house prefect at school, and 6am starts to make choir rehearsals have been a normal part of his day since Year 5.
“I was always screaming in the house, so my mum thought I should try to use my voice for something good,” he said of why he joined the choir.
“It’s good practice for after school, the professionalism involved. It shows that you can be committed to things” – Reilly Bashall
“It’s also good practice for the HSC. It’s good to keep my voice in tune.”
Marciano Flammia
Marciano Flammia took part in musicals before joining the choir and college.
“It’s a great experience and you build strong relationships – that is probably the main reason I stayed on with the scholars,” Marciano said.
“Because you build the skills to sight read, it becomes easier to learn music” – Marciano Flammia
“It’s a good, diverse thing to do. The HSC keeps you busy, and sometimes it’s an escape to come to choir. It’s nice to sing with people and relax.”
By: JADE RAMIREZ
CATHEDRAL CHORISTERS
- Choral Scholars are a part of the Cathedral Choir and participate in the liturgical life of the cathedral and the Catholic Archdiocese of Sydney
- Boys are accepted in Year 3 only for choir positions
- Year 3 and
Hear from Sydney Catholic Schools’ Executive Director, Tony Farley, about the program structure and benefits of the St Mary’s Cathedral College Choral Music Program:/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/63238382/Photo_Mar_06__4_40_10_PM.0.jpg). It’s known for its pizza menu, which includes more than 30 options. But owners Brunella and Renato Russo, the sister-and-brother team who have been running the restaurant for 23 years, decided it was time to move away from pizza and switch their focus to southern Italian dishes, with fettuccine bolognese, chicken parm, eggplant parm, wood-fired branzino, and linguini and clams planned for the new menu. Pizza will still make an appearance, but the pies will be smaller.
The Russos’ parents moved to the U.S. from the Campania region of Italy.
The restaurant is also getting a new look, with an expanded foyer, a redesigned kitchen, and new paint, plus more beers on tap.
When it opens, Palma’s Cucina’s hours will be Tuesday through Sunday from 5-10 p.m.
:no_upscale()/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/15961806/Photo_Mar_06__3_17_23_PM.jpg)This webcast will focus on how our professional ethics are no longer black and white, they are shades of green. Not only do professionals have an obligation to design for the health, welfare, and safety of people they represent; they also have an obligation to safeguard the environment. This course will discuss why professionals have a green ethical obligation to promote excellence of design and endeavor to conserve and preserve the integrity and heritage of the natural and built environment. We will focus on how professional societies and registration boards are holding professionals accountable for sustainable design and planning practices and to consider the environment in everything they do.
For more information: homebuildercpd.ca
Learning Objectives
At the end of this course, you will be able to:
- Recognize the need for sustainable approaches imbedded in Codes of Ethics for professional organizations within the planning, design, and construction industry.
- Explain the importance of a green ethical approach to the planning, design, and construction process which seeks to avoid depletion of energy, water, and raw material resources for future generations.
- Develop ethical reasoning to aid professionals to navigate through difficult decisions in order to create environments that are livable and promote health, safety and well-being.
- Practice an integrative approach to sustainable practices that seeks to prevent environmental degradation caused by facility and infrastructure developments during their implementation and over their life cycle.
- Through case studies, comprehend some of the most common sustainable ethical considerations within the planning, design, and construction industryComparison of ambiguity function of eigenwaveform to wideband and pulsed radar waveforms: a comprehensive tutorial
Download Record
Author
Nieh, Jo-Yen
Romero, Ric A.
Date2017
MetadataShow full item record
Abstract
The authors present a comprehensive research tutorial on the ambiguity function (AF) of eigenwaveform for extended targets compared to AFs of common radar waveforms (e.g. wideband and pulsed waveforms). They present new findings of AF properties that contradict classical AF results for the point target assumption. It is shown that the AF properties (peak and volume) for an extended target are not constant thereby contradicting AF properties of waveforms for a point target. They investigate corresponding AFs and note many advantages (or few disadvantages) of using eigenwaveform compared to classical wideband and rectangular-pulsed waveforms. They investigate unambiguous range, range resolution, Doppler resolution, and detection probability of various waveforms for insightful engineering tradeoffs. For illustration, they utilise two extended target models to show that these parameters are not only functions of the transmit waveform but also of the nature of the target. They use both single-pulse and pulse-train waveforms to produce AFs to illustrate the effect on Doppler and range ambiguities and resolutions. Finally, they investigate range-Doppler map (RDM) applications of the traditional waveforms and compared them with eigenwaveform RDM. They conclude that the eigenwaveform is superior in probability of detection and Doppler considerations compared to wideband and rectangular waveforms.. ...Do you have any discounts or promo codes? December 27, 2018 03:07 Updated Follow Please follow us on Facebook or Twitter to keep up with the latest discount updates. We will make announcements on social media next time we have any special promotions. Related articles What is LeetCode's Cancellation, Refund, and Termination Policy? How to cancel my premium subscription? What payment methods do you accept? Can you remove my card information from your system? Can I upgrade/change my plan?First of all, what is Kodi?
Kodi is an open source software media center, allowing you to access all kinds of content including video and music. If it is on the internet, you can stream it instantly using Kodi.
How to install Kodi with Yoda (previously Exodus)
A step-by-step guide
1. Go to Kodi’s download page () and select your operating system:
2. In this guide we selected the 32-bit installer with Chrome. You should see the download at the bottom of your window, open it up and follow the prompts to install.
03. Congratulations, you have just successfully installed Kodi and your screen should hopefully look like this!
Of course installing Kodi is not very useful unless we install a Video Add-On! Here are the steps to take to install the Yoda Video Add-On:
1. Select Settings (the cog in the top left)
2. Select File Manager
3. Select Add Source
4. Select None
5. Type the following EXACTLY and select OK
6. Highlight the box underneath marked enter a name for this media Source and type sup then click OK
7. Go back to the home screen and select Add-Ons from the left hand menu (you can go back a screen by either clicking the text in the top left corner, which in thise case is File Manager, or by pressing the backspace key)
8. Select Browser (icon in the top left that looks like a box)
9. Select Install from zip file.
10. You may get a dialogue box saying the installation of add-ons from unknown sources is disabled (if you don’t then you can ignore this step) – just click on Settings, turn this option on, click yes in the confirmation, then backspace to get to the previous screen, and NOW you can click on Install From Zip File.
11. Select sup
12. Select repository.supremacy-x.x.zip
13. Wait for the Add-on enabled notification (it appears in the top right corner and was too fast to screenshot – usually takes about 30 seconds but varies based on internet connection)
14. Select Install from Repository
15. Select supremacy
16. Select Video add-ons
17. Select Yoda
18. Select Install
19. Wait for Add-on installed notification… CONGRATULATIONS YOU’VE DONE IT!!!
Now How Do I Use This?!
To get to the video add-on you must first return to the home screen, either by clicking the text in the top left corner to go back or by pressing backspace 5 times – you should now be at the homescreen. From here, go to Add-ons on the left hand menu and select Yoda. YOU’VE DONE IT AGAIN, YOU ARE DOING GREAT! I think from this point you should be okay, just find what you want to watch and click on a source!
How Do I Make The Movie Full Screen?
By pressing ALT + ENTER on the keyboard you can make Kodi fullscreen and also make it go back.
UPDATE: If you have updated to the latest version of Kodi you press \ (backspace) to toggle fullscreen.
What Is A VPN And Should I Be Using One?
A VPN encrypts your data before it goes to your ISP (Internet Service Provider).
If you have ever used torrents / downloaded movies before, you have probably got a copyright notice from your ISP (Internet Service Provider) – a VPN would hide you from prying eyes and you would no longer have to worry about that. Most VPN’s not only secure your identity but you can even reroute your traffic through different countries, unlocking features on websites that may be country specific (like YouTube not allowing Canadians to watch certain videos).
Currently you do not need a VPN in order to use Kodi (in all my years of using Kodi I have not gotten a single copyright notice), but because of stricter internet laws the United States is attempting to force onto Canada the simple act of streaming content could become a punishable offense and it is best to preemptively start protecting yourself.
PIA () is a very reliable and well-known VPN, costing only $39.95 per year (cheaper if you buy a longer subscription).Lil' Red Hearts Baby Stretch Muslin WrapRegular price $33.95
Wrap your baby in love. These.
• Australian Owned & Designed
• 100% Cotton in stretch muslin weave
• Muslin is breathable to reduce the risk of overheating
• Large 120cm x 120cm (47x47 inches)
• Machine washable
• Versatile newborn baby gift
This cute Lil' Red Hearts print Baby Muslin Wrap is a versatile, breathable wrap that can be used for swaddling or as a blanket. It's made of 100% cotton and is extremely soft. The lightweight muslin fabric allows your baby's skin to breathe while still providing the warmth they need. Muslin baby swaddles are soft and breathable to help reduce the risk of baby overheating while being swaddled – perfect for summer.
We love to make your gifting experience special and can gift wrap it with a card and your own.Singapore Runs Short Of Nurses, Hospitals Offer Finder’s Fee For Experienced Staff
[ad_1] Singapore: Singapore hospitals and clinics are so desperate for nurses that at least one private hospital group is offering a “finder’s fee” of SGD12,000 for staff to help recruit an experienced nurse. Even a fresh graduate nurse joining the hospital can bring the introducer a windfall of at least SGD3,600 at the group, according … Read moreGo. set lists rarely repeated, five from promoters across the country, bringing TTB’s unique stew of upbeat rock and soul together on stage with a slew of guests, sit ins, and supporting bands that have included the late Sharon Jones, Los Lobos and most recently The Wood Brothers and Hot Tuna..The St. Petersburg International Economic Forum will host the 11th Annual International Conference TRILOGY (Transport. Investment. Logistics) for the first time, on 2 June 2021. The event will take place on the sidelines of the Forum.
The goal of the conference is to promote growth of the transportation and logistics industry in North-Western Russia, stimulate development of international transportation corridors, and encourage advancement of international cooperation in transportation on European routes.
Key topics at the conference include:
- transportation and logistics as the basis for cooperation in the spaces of Greater Eurasia;
- growth of multi-modular transport in the Baltic and Barents/Euro-Arctic regions;
- coordination of port infrastructure development and supporting railway lines;
- prospects for increased cargo traffic on the Northern Sea Route and development of service infrastructure in the north of Russia and EU;
- transport digitization, building digital transportation and logistics environment, integration of Russian and European solutions;
- strategy for low-carbon development of the transportation industry, expanded use of alternative fuel types for transport, including use of LNG as fuel for sea craft.
We invite representatives of government agencies of the Russian Federation and European countries, heads of transportation and logistics companies and industry associations, scientists and researchers to participate in the conference.
Participation Terms
Enrolment fee is 12,000 roubles (including 20% VAT) for each participant. The following groups qualify for a fee waiver:
- representatives of government agencies,
- representatives of educational institutions,
- representatives of industry unions, associations, and state-funded institutions.
To apply for participation in the TRILOGY conference, please complete registration form before 28 May 2021.
To learn more or register, please visit the conference website at en.trilogy.img-vsb.com.Bottled Eucalyptus Mint Salt Soak
- Regular Price
- $ 20.00
- Sale Price
- $ 20.00
- Regular Price
-
Sold Out
- Unit Price
- per
Blend of Epsom salt and essential oils. Packaged in a unique hand gold leafed amber glass bottle. Refillable with our Travel Salt Soak.
Small is 3.4 oz.
Large is 8.5 oz.The results from the 2009 City of Tea Tree Gully Library and Toy Library Survey are in! The Survey provided an invaluable opportunity for us to find out what you think of your Library and the services and programs we offer. The things you like about it, what you don’t like and the things that you think we can do differently. We have collated the results into compliments, comments and complaints and staff have provided responses to many of your concerns and comments. The results will be on display in the Library over the next couple of weeks so come in and check it out or can be viewed from the Library’s News and Events pageNursing infection control in nursing homes. The states have set requirements for how much nursing homes must spend on residents’ direct care and imposed limits on what they can spend elsewhere, including administrative expenses, executive salaries and advertising and even how much they can pocket as profit. Facilities that exceed those limits will have to refund the difference to the state or the state will deduct that amount before paying the bill.
The states’ mandates mark the first time nursing homes have been told how to spend payments from the government programs and residents, according to Cindy Mann, who served as Medicaid chief in the Obama administration.
With this strategy, advocates believe, residents won’t be shortchanged on care, and violations of federal quality standards should decrease because money will be required to be spent on residents’ needs. At least that’s the theory.
“If they’re not able to pull so much money away from care and spend it on staffing and actual services, it should make a big difference,” said Charlene Harrington, professor emeritus at the University of California-San Francisco’s School of Nursing who has spent four decades studying nursing home reimbursement and regulation. “I would expect the quality of care would improve substantially.”
“The actual effect will be just the opposite,” said Andrew Aronson, president and CEO of the Health Care Association of New Jersey. “By trying to force providers to put more money into direct care, you’re creating a disincentive for people to invest in their buildings, which is going to drive the quality down.”
Next year, New York’s nursing facilities will have to spend at least 70% of their total revenue —including payments from Medicaid, Medicare and private insurers — on resident care and at least 40% of that direct-care spending must pay for staff members involved in hands-on care. In Massachusetts, Gov. Charlie Baker issued rules requiring nursing homes have to spend at least 75% of all revenue on residents’ care. New Jersey’s law requires its nursing homes to spend at least 90% of revenue on patient care. But its state regulators have proposed that the requirement apply only to Medicaid funding. No final determination has been made.
All three states promise a boost in Medicaid payments to facilities that comply with the laws.
Harrington and other advocates say the measures are well overdue, but they are watching how regulators in each state define direct care, who qualifies as a direct care worker, what counts as revenue and whether it is reported accurately.
Jim Clyne, president and CEO of LeadingAge New York, which represents nonprofit nursing facilities, questions the legality of some provisions in New York’s law. “I don’t think there’s any doubt that it will end up in court,” he said.
Aronson said the mandate is based on a misconception — that nursing homes could have kept covid-19 out of their facilities if they had only marshaled their resources properly. “As long as covid is in our communities, it will also find its way into our facilities,” he said.
But poor infection control practices resulting from inadequate staffing have been the most common violation cited by nursing home inspectors over the years, according to a study released last year by the federal Government Accountability Office. The pandemic did little to change that trend. In August 2020, a frustrated Seema Verma, then-administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, warned nursing home operators that “significant deficiencies in infection control practices” were responsible for increases in covid deaths and pleaded with them “to really double down on those practices.”
“Philosophically, if a payer wants to tell the provider how to use their funds within certain parameters, I understand that, but that’s not what the [New York] law does,” said Clyne. “The law goes beyond that. The state is telling the provider how much of other people’s money they have to spend on care also, not just the state’s money.”
Bills paid by Medicare or individuals should be excluded from the state mandate, along with Medicaid funds earmarked for certain purposes such as mortgage expenses, he said.
Medicaid, funded under a state and federal government partnership, provides health insurance to low-income people and typically pays for about 60% of the nursing home care nationwide, usually for long-term residents with chronic health problems. Medicare, funded by federal dollars, insures older or disabled adults, and provides about 16% of facilities’ revenue. The rest comes from private Medicare Advantage and other health insurance companies, and individuals who pay for their own care.
“Nursing homes are primarily funded by public tax dollars, Medicaid or Medicare — and the public has a reason to care about how our dollars are being spent,” said Milly Silva, executive vice president of 1199SEIU, the union that represents 45,000 nursing home workers in New York and New Jersey, and backed the legislation in both states.
The spending mandates are not a new idea for health care. The Affordable Care Act directs health insurers to spend at least 80 cents of every dollar in premiums to pay for beneficiaries’ health care needs. What remains can be spent on administrative costs, executive salaries, advertising and profits. Companies that exceed the limit must refund the difference to beneficiaries.
Harrington disagrees with industry officials who want to exclude Medicare dollars from the calculation of how much nursing homes must spend on direct care. That would leave a large source of profits untouched, she said, and allow them to use that money “however you want.”
Medicare paid nursing homes $27.8 billion in fiscal year 2019, according to the Medicare Advisory Payment Commission, an independent panel appointed by Congress.
Even if only the Medicaid money is affected, though, there’s still a big problem in the direct care spending mandate, said Aronson. “Ninety percent of facilities are losing money,” he said, because Medicaid payments don’t cover the cost of care. In New Jersey, he added, the shortfall is $40 a day per resident.
But some state lawmakers are not convinced. “Medicaid payments may not fully cover the cost of care, but somehow for-profit nursing homes are making money,” said New York state lawmaker Richard Gottfried, who has chaired the Assembly health committee since 1987. More than two-thirds of the state’s nursing homes operate as for-profit businesses and have been able to hide some of those profits in associated businesses they also own and then hire, he said. They can “use real estate gimmicks and shell contracts to make it look like they’re spending money when what they are really doing is just siphoning income into their own pockets,” he said. The use of such “related parties” payments has occurred across the country for several years.
To uncover the facilities’ true income and expenses, the state mandates require accurate documentation. “If they file false documentation, that will be a felony,” said Gottfried.
The spending mandates come at a challenging time for the industry, which is still recovering from the worst of the pandemic and facing a staffing shortage and low occupancy. But New York Assembly member Ron Kim, whose uncle died in a nursing home from presumed covid, said lawmakers should be able to tell nursing home operators how to spend taxpayers’ money. “If they choose to rely on public dollars to deliver care, they take on a greater responsibility,” he said. “It’s not like running a hotel.”
Related Topics
Submit a Story TipWho’s Playing
Orlando @ New York
Current Records: Orlando 0-2; New York 2-0
What to Know
The New York Knicks will take on the Orlando Magic at 7 p.m. ET Sunday at Madison Square Garden. The Knicks have the odds in their favor, so they’ll need to guard against complacency.
New York is hoping for another win. They took their matchup against Orlando this past Friday by a conclusive 121-96 score. With New York ahead 65-35 at the half, the contest was all but over already. Their power forward Julius Randle filled up the stat sheet, dropping a double-double on 21 points and ten boards in addition to seven assists.
This next game looks promising for New York, who are favored by a full 12 points. They have been consistent moneymakers against the spread when favored (2-0), so they might be worth a quick bet.
New York’s victory lifted them to 2-0 while Orlando’s loss dropped them down to 0-2. We’ll see if New York can repeat their recent success or if the Magic bounce back and reverse their fortune.
How To Watch
- When: Sunday at 7 p.m. ET
- Where: Madison Square Garden — New York, New York
- TV: Bally Sports Florida
- Online streaming: fuboTV (Try for free. Regional restrictions may apply.)
- Follow: CBS Sports App
- Ticket Cost: $48.00
Odds
The Knicks are a big 12-point favorite against the Magic, according to the latest NBA odds.
The oddsmakers were right in line with the betting community on this one, as the game opened as a 12-point spread, and stayed right there.
Over/Under: -110
See NBA picks for every single game, including this one, from SportsLine’s advanced computer model. Get picks now.
Series History
Orlando have won 11 out of their last 21 games against New York.
- Oct 22, 2021 – New York 121 vs. Orlando 96
- Mar 18, 2021 – New York 94 vs. Orlando 93
- Feb 17, 2021 – Orlando 107 vs. New York 89
- Jan 18, 2021 – New York 91 vs. Orlando 84
- Feb 06, 2020 – New York 105 vs. Orlando 103
- Oct 30, 2019 – Orlando 95 vs. New York 83
- Apr 03, 2019 – Orlando 114 vs. New York 100
- Feb 26, 2019 – New York 108 vs. Orlando 103
- Nov 18, 2018 – Orlando 131 vs. New York 117
- Nov 11, 2018 – Orlando 115 vs. New York 89
- Apr 03, 2018 – Orlando 97 vs. New York 73
- Feb 22, 2018 – New York 120 vs. Orlando 113
- Dec 03, 2017 – Orlando 105 vs. New York 100
- Nov 08, 2017 – Orlando 112 vs. New York 99
- Mar 06, 2017 – New York 113 vs. Orlando 105
- Mar 01, 2017 – New York 101 vs. Orlando 90
- Jan 02, 2017 – Orlando 115 vs. New York 103
- Dec 22, 2016 – New York 106 vs. Orlando 95
- Feb 26, 2016 – New York 108 vs. Orlando 95
- Dec 21, 2015 – Orlando 107 vs. New York 99
- Nov 25, 2015 – Orlando 100 vs. New York 91
Source: CBSSports.comDescription
Animation List
– Walk
– Run
– Cute
– Attack
– Idle
– Skill
– B_Idle
– B_Dead
– B_Dow
– B_Attack
– Idle1
DOWNLOAD LATEST VERSION.
All the steps to create this character are carefully invested to ensure that the character has high-quality model, powerful and smooth action, and can expressing character traits.
The package includes:
– 11 High quality Animation
– High quality Model with texture
Animation List
– Walk
– Run
– Cute
– Attack
– Idle
– Skill
– B_Idle
– B_Dead
– B_Dow
– B_Attack
– Idle1
1.0.
$19
If You want to get all the benefits of membership of our club:
It costs next to nothing for You. But it would be very helpful for us.
Thank You!
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Description
Collect in store only
Artist: Miles Rowan
l have been a Sunshine Coast
Resident for 42 years and
Love painting the Sunshine Coast
hinterland . I also love painting modern style abstracts with bright
vivid colours
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.A new radio station for Belfast's LGBT community is set to launch on Pride Day.
Juice1038 is a first if it’s kind radio station for Northern Ireland and will serve the LGBT+ community in Greater Belfast on FM.
Listeners will be able to tune in outside the city through the stations website and through third party listening apps such as TuneIn Radio.
It is set to hit the airwaves across Greater Belfast on 103.8FM in the coming week, with an official launch date of August 4, Pride Day in Belfast.
A spokesperson for Juice1038 : ."
The station is currently streaming a sample service online through JuiceBelfast.com, and test transmissions will be heard across Greater Belfast on 103.8FM from Monday, July 23.
Juice1038 is looking for volunteers to join the team of presenters, with positions available in marketing, content creation, social media and more. Anyone interested in getting involved can email info@juicebelfast .Here is what I wrote:
LORD,
I am so humbled by the prospect of the spiritual inheritance reserved in heaven for me. Even going to heaven is so far above what I deserve!
You have given me so many blessings here in this life. It's truly beyond what I could ask or think to have an inheritance awaiting me in heaven. I am overwhelmed by Your goodness and generosity. I thank and praise You for reserving this amazing inheritance for me!
In Jesus' Name,
Amen.
I mentioned before that I like to copy these prayers on pretty stationery and file them in the front of my prayer journal, where I have often prayed through them on a rotating basis.
The stationery I used for this simple prayer is one of my favorite designs, now long gone. The artwork is by the incomparable Shelly Reeves Smith and depicts blue flowers, a mini greenhouse, and lots of lovely greenery. It has a refreshing yet comforting look. The saying lettered around the edge reads:
🌿🌼🌿"The seeds of discouragement will not grow in the thankful heart."
🌿🌼🌿
And isn't that so true? I find that sometimes I do feel a bit discouraged, especially during this difficult time we are all coping with. Yet if I can pause and realize how very much I still have to be thankful for, the seeds of discouragement will not germinate and grow.
I have a quote in my prayer journal that goes something like this: "O Thou who hast given us so much, mercifully grant us one thing more — a grateful heart." The source I copied it from says the quote is by Thomas Merton. I have seen this quote, or words very similar, attributed to George Herbert, Author Unknown, and I think maybe even to George Washington, if I'm remembering correctly. Regardless of who said it, it's a good prayer and one that's important to keep in the forefront of our thinking.
God helping us, let's be sure that we are cultivating a thankful, grateful heart -- one in which the seeds of discouragement cannot get a foothold and take root.
That thought, a profound one, had never crossed my mind: That to thank God for all His goodness and blessings would be a neverending task. Seeds of discouragement vs seeds of encouragement. It does take some doing to prevent the one from overtaking the other. Thank you for your encouragements today.
A beautiful prayer you wrote, so heartfelt, the thoughts you have shared our so encouraging.
I recently read a quote that went like this,"
"Thankfulness opens the door to God's many treasures." I try and quote it each day, as well as practice thankfulness!
Thank you for sharing.
Blessings,
SueAlmanac: Fifty degrees around 12:45. Sunny day, blue skies after several days of heavy rain. Ground is squishy. Deer have been using the south-side bed as their path.
Emerald Arborvitae
Thuja occidentalis ‘Emerald’
Purchased three deeply discounted Emerald Arborvitae in February, 2006. Subsequent drought that year pushed two beyond their limits, but this one stood firm and is the lone soldier now trying to screen a rather wide area.Catégorie: Info
Since August 6th 2021, the Teaching Institute for Public Health of the Primorje-Gorski Kotar County will start with rapid antigen testing for tourists returning to their home country. The price of the rapid antigen test for tourists who have a voucher or a confirmation from the e-visitor system regarding realized overnight stay in a commercial accommodation facility for at least 3 nights is 40 HRK.
Tourists can get the written official certificate in the facility where they are staying (hotel, camp, household facility, etc.). Tourists can get tested at the headquarters (Krešimirova 52a, Rijeka) or at one of one of the branch offices – Crikvenica, Delnice, Krk, Opatija, Mali Lošinj, Rab and Cres.Masters of Mouse is a website to help you make an informed decision on the next gaming mouse to purchase for your online games. See reviews, tips and tricks from your favorite gamers and manufacturers.
1
Search
What is Kahuk?
Kahuk is an open source content management system that lets you easily create your own user-powered website.
Log in to comment or register here.Fast rising Nigerian DJ, Abesin Michelle, professionally known as DJ Michelle is reported to have drowned at a beach in Lagos just a few minutes after she made a video on Instagram.
According to the report, Michelle had visited the Lagos beach in the company of her siblings and friends. Fortunately, the young lady was rescued alive within 24-hours to the bewilderment of everyone.
Her sister, Stella, who raised the alarm on Thursday, went on Instagram live to show her sister who was just retrieved from the water. PUNCH reports that stunned eye-witnesses were saying that they haven’t seen such a thing before.
A person in the video stated that someone has never been recovered from the beach alive, as others told the DJ to be grateful to God.
Much to the relief of everyone, Michelle was spotted clearing sand from her body in her sister’s Instagram live video. Her terrified sister had earlier updated fans on the unfortunate incident on Thursday writing, “God why? Ahh Michelle”, accompanied with crying emojis.
She further added, ” I’m in shock. God don’t let this be the end. I need a miracle right now. My sister can’t be gone.”
The disc jockey’s sister also stated that people watched on while her sister drowned. She wrote, “My sister did not deserve this, I can’t breathe. They all stood there and watched her drown. God, where’s my sister?? Where’s her body?”
In her latest video, however, Stella expressed joy over DJ Michelle’s survival.Debian is the most important operating system in the world. It has the following unique qualities:
Quality
Technical excellence encouraged by policy and vigorous peer review.
Ethics
Community-governed, dedicated to free software and bound by Social Contract.
Abundance of free software
Over 50,000 packages immediately available from native repository.
Debian is a non-profit community project that relies on your support and donations since 1993.
Libre Solutions Pty Ltd offers various Debian support services including (but not limited to) the following:
- Installation
- Configuration
- Administration
- Troubleshooting
- Packaging
By using our Services you support Debian indirectly just as by donating to us you help us to contribute more to Debian.
See list of Debian consultants in Australia.
About Debian
Debian is a free operating system and a collection of free software, developed by thousands of volunteers from all over the world.
The Debian project's key strengths are its volunteer base, its dedication to the Debian Social Contract and Free Software, and its commitment to provide the best operating system possible.
The Debian Project was founded in 1993 as a truly free community project. Since then Debian has grown to be one of the largest and most influential open source projects. Available in 70 languages, and supporting a huge range of computer types, Debian calls itself the "universal operating system".Why Edge2Web
industrial applications
with Edge2Web
industrial apps with
Edge2Web
Use Edge2Web's visual tools to rapidly build new IIoT-style applications — then deploy and run your apps with the push of a button using our platform-native operator services.
Latest News: Edge2Web announces support for AWS IoT SiteWise!
Leading IIoT platforms like Siemens MindSphere and AWS IoT SiteWise liberate critical machine and process data, powering new analytic and machine learning services. Edge2Web's visual app builder products enable you to quickly use data-driven insights to increase equipment uptime, reduce energy and maintenance costs, and drive transformative improvements across your organization.
Transform your business using app builder solutions from Edge2Web
Edge2Web solutions have enabled us to accelerate the development, roll-out, and global scaling of critical OEE applications.
Edge2Web's innovative products and business model have given us the flexibility to deliver exceptional customer value at all stages of the digital manufacturing spectrum.
David Katlmayer
Head of Manufacturing Systems and Products, Bayer AG
GAIN AGILITY AND VELOCITY
Deliver insights quickly, securely, consistently – everywhere
Edge2Web enables your team to quickly create new digital applications that reduce operating costs and improve business agility. Edge2Web’s visual app builder tools and platform-native runtime services power a wide range of digital apps running on Siemens MindSphere and AWS IoT SiteWise.
Six reasons leading industrial enterprises rely on Edge2Web solutions
PLATFORM-NATIVE ARCHITECTURE
Industrial IoT platforms like Siemens MindSphere and AWS IoT SiteWise are large and complex. Edge2Web products integrate deeply and bi-directionally with all platform services, enabling your applications to exploit the platform’s full power without requiring your team to master its complexity. Edge2Web solutions also leverage all of your platform’s identity and security services, ensuring that your users can only view the data and application pages they are authorized to see.
ADVANCED INDUSTRIAL VISUALIZATIONS
New digital applications must provide data visualizations that are familiar to industrial users, including renderings for location based views, utilization gauges, progress graphs, state graphs, process stages, liquid gauges, tree views, interactive tables, and many others. Edge2Web Director is built specifically for industrial applications and provides the rich, context-driven visualizations required by industrial users.
ORCHESTRATION AND INTEGRATION
Many industrial apps are not user-facing — their job is to operate in the background to aggregate data and compute performance metrics, monitor assets and processes, notify people of critical operating conditions, and integrate with other enterprise applications. Edge2Web’s Flow Server provides a robust, platform-native data orchestration solution that enables a wide range of monitoring, analytic, and alerting applications.
EDGE2WEB APPLICATION ACCELERATORS
Although most industrial apps deliver unique user functionality, many applications also provide commodity services such as ad hoc asset browsers, date/time pickers, geo-positioning helpers, and timeseries optimization functions. Edge2Web provides a growing portfolio of these high-value application components. We offer them to you on a royalty free basis and provide application source code so you can adapt them to meet your specific needs.
FRICTION-FREE APP DEPLOYMENT
As IIoT applications evolve from proof-of-concept to production, new priorities quickly emerge, including data security and privacy, app branding and localization, and maintaining performance at scale. Edge2Web’s platform-native runtime services handle all of the heavy lifting, allowing you to focus on delivering functionality that engages and informs your users. Deploy your apps with the push of a button to authorized organizations, groups, and even individual users.
LEARN ONCE – USE EVERYWHERE
Digital transformation will require your teams to learn new skills, so quickly gaining leverage from that knowledge is essential. You need tools that work consistently across a wide range of applications and user audiences. Edge2Web’s integrated products are designed from the ground up to enable new digital industrial applications. Your team will quickly master Edge2Web’s visual editors and leverage that knowledge across all of your digital initiatives.
Turbocharge your digital
projects with solutions from industrial IoT leaders
Edge2Web partners with IoT platform leaders to power your most advanced digital industrial applications. Edge2Web’s SaaS solutions run natively on your chosen IoT infrastructure – Siemens MindSphere and/or AWS IoT SiteWise – giving your users instant access to rich data-driven insights without requiring you to master your IoT platform’s complexities.
Rapidly deliver game-changing digital apps while maintaining security, speed, and near-linear scalability.
Mummy, you are a Legend!
This Portable Bidet cleans your sensitive area with the gentleness you deserve after a fight. Best to use after every toilet business, especially the poos.
Control the angle and strength as you go along. This thing is a MUST in your hospital bag, thank us later!
Also useful to wash your baby's butt during diaper changes!
For a complete postpartum healing experience, choose our Postpartum Kit (Vaginal Birth), which includes our MamyCool Instant Cool Maternity Pad.
Materials: BPA Free (Bottle material EVA plastic, nozzle and cap is ABS plastic)Universities from around the world will beat a path to Flinders this week for a meeting of the International Network of Universities (INU).
On 25 and 26 February, Flinders will host the 21st INU Council Meeting, welcoming members from universities across the globe including Europe, South Africa, South America and USA.
The meeting at Bedford Park will cover the full range of INU activities, including student and staff mobility programs, sharing best practice, transnational joint projects and other collaborative activities, advancing internationalisation of member universities, and preparing students for globally engaged lives and careers.
“Flinders has a strong focus on broadening opportunities for international experience for its students,” says Pro-Vice Chancellor (International) Professor Nancy Cromar.
“Our active participation in the INU is one of the most important avenues for enabling two-way exchanges with major overseas institutions, not only for students but also for staff.”
Flinders is one of the 13 INU member universities. Over the past five years, 72 Flinders students have undertaken semester exchange, study abroad and other mobility programs with INU partners.
Flinders staff have also participated in INU Staff Shadowing Program, which aims to strengthen the links between members by providing opportunities to professional staff to visit, study, discuss, and benchmark administration and governance systems across the network.
Later this year Flinders teaching staff will again participate in the INU’s Master’s Summer School and Student Seminar for Global Citizenship and Peace, at Hiroshima University, Japan, where the theme for this year will be Indigenous Rights in the Global Context.
Ahead of this event a seminar ‘ Indigenous Rights In the Global Context: An Australian Perspective’, will be held on campus to provide an opportunity for staff to reflect on the theme and to consider how the Hiroshima event might be promoted to our students and staff.
The seminar will take place on Thursday, 25 February, from 3 to 5pm in the Noel Stockdale Room, Level 1, Central Library and all staff are welcome. More details are available on the Flinders Events page.
For more information about the INU’s activities and the opportunities available for staff and students, please go to the INU website is:.Last month saw the first anniversary of Ananda Meditation Group, Isle of Man. It was an event that I knew in my heart would come to pass; however the odds against the group’s very survival have been great.
Paramahansa Yogananda taught that nothing is sent to us that we cannot handle, and it is something I often bring to mind in times of seeming adversity. Firstly we had to find a suitable venue for the group, which was growing rapidly and wasn’t as straight forward as we thought. That was because I was trying to arrange it myself, rather than waiting for Divine Mother’s intervention. But then, relaxing into the flow once again, the way opened and we were kindly offered the use off the hospital chapel where I work.
Inevitably perhaps, the initial enthusiasm of some of the members began to wane and some we lost altogether. People come and people go, but all will have been touched by Guru’s vibration and received what they were capable of receiving, according to their karma and level of spiritual development. It has been a wonderful lesson in practicing non attachment to the fruit of our labours. It could have been all too easy to take rejection as a personal affront.
As the group began to establish itself some members could not deal with the meetings gearing more toward devotion to our line of gurus. That was fine and their decision to make, but I wasn’t prepared to compromise on the true purpose of an Ananda Meditation Group just to put more ’bottoms on seats’. Contrastingly, I witnessed 2 sincere members undergo great emotional healing of long standing problems, both on a profound level and after only a few weeks of meditation.
So our numbers are few, and not surprising on a small island. We do have, what I call, ‘satellite’ members who either live too far away, or cannot get to our meetings for various reasons, who like to stay connected by receiving the Group News letter each week. I am always available for advice to these members who strive to build an effective meditation practice on their own. The main Ananda website offers great support for those who want to deepen their practice, whether struggling alone or in a group, and now even offers ‘virtual’ webinars.
Divine Mother continued to play Her hand as circumstances then led to my being taken away from the Island and not being able to lead the group some weeks. I was away on the UK mainland frequently (and still am) to attend to the needs of my sister who is very sick, but my conscience against letting the group and gurus down was appeased knowing the group was in the safe hands of a sincere devotee, or so I thought until she badly broke her leg shortly after I had received the news of my sister’s illness. Rendered immobile for a good while, we moved the meditation venue to her home so she could still attend.
Not to be deterred, we strove to maintain a steady stream of energy flowing through the group, even if it meant only one person keeping the flow moving by meditating alone some weeks. We have the faith that God is taking care of everything and that, like all new ventures on The Path, we are all being tested. The group itself is being tested.
And so it was such a joy to be able to see the group’s first anniversary; hanging in there against all odds. And what better way to celebrate than with our first Discipleship Ceremony.
Son-in law, Ben and dear friend, Liz both took their vow in view of progressing to Kriya initiation next year at an Ananda centre.
The energy of our guru’s was tangible throughout the ceremony. As we chanted ‘Jai Guru’, the very ether was supercharged with cosmic energy. I knew that God was smiling upon us this day, as He has been throughout all the karmic trials we, individually and as a group, are working our way through. He has never left our hearts and is ever more strongly present as we emerge from our trials out the other side, unscathed, strengthened and ever more determined to put our guru’s teachings into practice. Jai Guru!
AUM
t. maitreyi
Dear Maitreyi,
I read most of your posts and am always uplifted. I am an old time member of Ananda and live in Las Vegas, where Nayaswami Vijay and I a starting an Ashram house, and I understand the Joy and the wonder of it all!!
Master and the Great ones are with you dear one, and you are in Their Light! Thank you for your fortitude, and consistancy in you service to God and Guru!!
Ever more New Joy,
Your sister in Them,
Brindey
What an inspiring story. I love your dedication to God and Guru. It goes to show that where there is a will, there is a way. Congratulations, and many more anniversaries for your group. Many blessings, Nancy
Thanks for the inspiration, Maitreyi, and the timely reminder that all trials are there only to help us grow and be stronger. Happy Anniversary, congrats to all, Jai Guru! In joy, Dambara
Dear Maitreyi,
Thanks for sharing this inspiring story. A lesson,indeed for all fledgling Ananda groups!
Kamini
They say that some tapasya (austerity) is necessary to start any spiritual work. Congratulations on keeping the flame burning bright on the Isle of Man. I wish you and your group great blessings.
Dear Maitreyi,
I enjoy reading your posts. Congratulations to you and the new disciples.
Thank you for sharing your learning, it is very inspiring.
INSPIRATION for us cribbers complaining of no ananda group!!
your faith is heart lifting!!
Thank you Maitreyi. Your dedication and devotion is palpable. The ripples of your efforts through Master go well beyond the Isle of Man.While I’ve never officially hiked naked on Naked Hiking Day, the unofficial holiday which falls on June 21 of every year is here once again. The day of the summer solstice is also today, and this particular holiday has always intrigued me a bit. I mean… How many people really hike naked today? I’m pretty open-minded to things, and of course, I’ve soaked at a number of hot springs naked in Oregon. But I’ve never hiked naked. While this may sound kinda fun, I’m not sure if this is something I will be doing anytime soon.
And hiking in your birthday suit is even more common than you might think. In Europe, it’s especially common, and a U.S. outdoor author Colin Fletcher wrote a lot about hiking naked through the Grand Canyon and the Pacific Crest Trail on warmer days.
Hiking naked and the Law
Of course, before you strip down you might want to make sure it’s legal in your state. While I recognize folks from other states may be reading this, I’m a bit lazy and don’t feel like doing all the research – so I’ll just mostly stick to the Beaver State. If you are hiking on U.S. federal lands such as a National Forest or Bureau of Land Management area, according to this article, while state and local law may take precedence there is no federal law against nudity. Also worth mentioning, the U.S. Bureau of Land Management and Colorado Parks and Wildlife warned potential naked hikers in 2017 that they would not be tolerated on state lands and would be dealt with according to the local laws if on federal lands.
As far as Oregon goes, the simple answer is, according to The Oregonian, it’s not so simple. While Oregon state law may actually be pretty lenient on nudity, letting your junk hang in the open or letting out the twins could potentially get you thrown in jail. Public nudity is broadly legal in Oregon. The law says you can do as you like, as long as you don’t do it with the intent to cause arousal in others. To put it another way, nudity is legal in Oregon as long as there’s no chance that anyone might be enjoying it.
And if you’re going to do it, the National Forests of the Pacific Northwest is the place to be. While nudity may be banned in “developed recreation sites,” like campgrounds and day use areas, the U.S. Forest Service has gone on the record to say there is no policy anywhere against hiking naked in the wilder parts of the forests.
So when you’re at the trailhead, yes, keep your clothes on. But once you venture out onto the trail, and out of sight from the parking area, so long as you are not making someone else uncomfortable or harassing anyone else, stripping down is just fine.
“We want people to enjoy their national forests and be respectful of not only the forests themselves but also be respectful of the other visitors they encounter,” Glen Sachet, the acting regional media specialist for the forest service explained to the Oregonian. Keep in mind, this article was from 2015. We aren’t fully sure if that still stands today. According to past articles, this policy is pretty much the same when it comes to national parks.
As far as tribal land goes, each tribe dictates its own policies. Sexual nudity is banned on The Umatilla, Siletz and Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua and Siuslaw. These are 3 of 6 reservations that were looked into by the author at The Oregonian, while the other three did not respond to requests for their nudity laws.
So in a nutshell, yes you can be naked in secluded public places, although you better be ready to handle the conflicts if they arise.
While nudity laws aren’t usually on the books apparently, four cities have enacted stricter bans on nudity in Oregon, as quoted by The Oregonian:
Ashland says it’s illegal for anyone older than 8 to “intentionally expose his or her genitalia while in an exterior public place.”
In Happy Valley you can’t expose your genitals in public “if the exposure reasonably would be expected to alarm or annoy another person.”
Portland and Eugene use almost the exact same language, banning nudity in a public place “open or available to persons of the opposite sex.” This runs contrary to popular belief in Portland, where the courts have only made exceptions for nudity during protests (see: naked cycling and the nude airport protester).
Counties can also establish bans of their own, but it’s extremely rare in Oregon (Lane County’s detailed ban is the glaring exception). It’s also worth noting that all of the local laws refer specifically to exposure of “genitals,” which opens a possible loophole for women to go topless in town without technically violating city codes.
Hazards of hiking nekked
Of course, it’s common sense to know you’re going to be a bit more exposed while lettin’ it hang in mother nature. Poison ivy, poison oak, and poison sumac are all very real concerns if you choose to do so and can produce some pretty nasty rashes. If you’re going to hike nude, you better ready up and learn how to identify these plants at all costs. Suburns, mosquitoes, and ticks can all also be a serious threat.
To hike clothed or not
While there may be some gray areas in the laws, it generally seems pretty harmless – at least if you are in Oregon. If you want to check out some places where nudity is not only allowed but encouraged, make sure and check out our article on 20 fun places to get naked.
Abstract
Industrial production of phototrophic microorganisms is often hindered by low productivity due to limited light availability and therefore requires large land areas. This letter demonstrates that supply of hydrogen gas (H-2) increases in phototrophic biomass productivity compared to a culture growing on light only. Experiments were performed growing Synechocystis sp. in batch bottles, with and without H-2 in the headspace, which were exposed to light intensities of 70 and 100 mu mol/m(2)/s. At 70 mu mol/m(2)/s with H-2, the average increase in biomass was 96 mg DW/L/d, whereas at 100 mu mol/m(2)/s without H-2, the average increase in biomass was 27 mg DW/L/d. Even at lower light intensity, the addition of H-2 tripled the biomass yield compared to growth under light only. Photoreduction and photosynthesis occurred simultaneously, as both H-2 consumption and O-2 production were measured during biomass growth. Photoreduction used 1.85 mmol of H-2 to produce 1.0 mmol of biomass, while photosynthesis produced 1.95 mmol of biomass. After transferring the culture to the dark, growth ceased, also in the presence of H-2, showing that both light and H-2 were needed for growth. A renewable H-2 supply for higher biomass productivity is attractive since the combined efficiency of photovoltaics and electrolysis exceeds the photosynthetic efficiency.Design Team- Thank Goodness It's Friday ChallengeTGIF Challenge 02 {You’ve Got This} May 8, 2015If you were reading my blog yesterday {HERE} I expressed my joy over the new In Colors that are coming in the upcoming 2015/2016 Catalogue from Stampin’ Up! [released June 2nd] I have the new… [Continue Reading] by TenealeThis audio has expired.
Image:
Supplied: Chontia Robinson
Saturday Night Country with Scott Lamond
Scott Lamond hosts this week's show where we've got a special tribute remember Phil Emmanuel, 12 months after his passing, and new music from Victoria's Michael Waugh.
The Queen of Boomtown Gretta Ziller drops in, and Matt Scullion is Aussie As with his new tune. Plus all the best new country and your favourite tunes.
Duration: 4hr
Broadcast:Film. Check the calendar often for up-to-date information on all the action.
Alternating Currents
The. The 2020 Festival will feature Nagel, Howard Hughes (Grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins lived and are buried in Keokuk), and Russell Arms, of Hit Parade fame also with ties to Keokuk..
Des Moines Latino Film Festival
The Des Moines Latino Film Festival is a free, multi-day celebration of Latino culture through art, music, food, live performances and, of course, film. Inspired by the annual Chicago Latino Film Festival, leaders at the Latino Center of Iowa founded the Des Moines festival in 2021 to contribute to the momentum of Iowa’s growing Latino community. The multi-media event is designed to elevate and amplify Latino voices, including local filmmakers, and it warmly welcomes audiences of all ages and backgrounds to join the celebration.!
Jean Seberg Festival of the Arts
The Jean Seberg Festival of the Arts is a biannual tribute to the spirit of Marshalltown’s most famous actor. Film, fashion shows, student-made movies, as well as retrospective engagements of Ms. Seberg’s history are all a part of the Festival. It is hosted by the Iowa Valley Community College District’s Orpheum Theater, a historic venue located in downtown Marshalltown.
Julien Dubuque International Film Festival
The Julien Dubuque International Film Festival (JDIFF) is a 5-day event in downtown Dubuque that not only brings the finest in independent features, documentaries and short films from across the country and around the world, but many of the filmmakers themselves. Attendees come to watch, discuss and support important and interesting films, and enhance the festivals standing as a leading promoter of arts, culture and education. JDIFF is known for the quality of films shown, as well as the panels, workshops and opportunities throughout the festival for attendees and filmmakers and, and filmmakers are encouraged to participate in a Question and Answer session after their film screens. Participants will also appreciate theme-based film blocks and Muscatine’s downtown historic district, where the after-parties and awards are held.
Oneota Film Festival
The Oneota Film Festival (OFF, now in its 11th Season) is a local, non-profit arts organization dedicated to bringing great films about important issues to Northeast Iowa. Our mission is to show independent films that inform, inspire, and engage our audience. These films include documentaries, student films, fiction films, and animations. All OFF events are FREE for everyone to attend and often appropriate for all ages. OFF is made possible by the generous donations of our sponsors, members, and event attendees. University in Sioux Center, Iowa, this top-shelf event is a great way to shake the mid-winter cold and exercise sleep-optional creativity in a mere two days.
Sioux City International Film Festival
Launched.There was an article on how low vit D is associated with muscle weakness in girls.
*
Given that most of us apparently are low on D, maybe D supplemention could help the energy loss from statin use. Doses of 10,000 units daily for months are needed to get to optimal levels.
see donaldmiller.com presentation on Vit D, Iodine and Selenium
(iodine is another one commonly lacking and increases energy).Inquirer tried it out, and apart from a bug that has reappeared that has to do with it searching for newer versions, this version seems to work. Even better are the hints that OS X and Linux should be seeing a compatible version soon. If you are planning on developing add-ons for Chrome, at the bottom of The Inquirer’s write up you can find a link to the release notes.
“SOFTWARE AND ADVERTISING giant Google has added new builds of its Chrome web browser aimed at developers.
The firm released a piece of software for download, dubbed “Chrome Channel Switcher” which apparently is not a beta, already at version one point one.
Google’s “Chrome Channel Switcher” lets you get ‘worse than beta’ quality builds”
Here is some more Tech News from around the web:
- How-to: Thermite hard drive destruction @ Hack a Day
- Canon Announces 21.1 Megapixel 5D Mark II @ AnandTech
- Congress’s copyright fight puts open access science in peril @ Ars Technica
- DirectX 11: A look at what’s coming @ bit-tech
- Top 20 Worst Fashion Gadgets Ever Part 1: From Bad to Atrocious @ Digital Trends
- Everything You Need to Know About The Motherboard Voltage Regulator Circuit @ Hardware Secrets
- Changing the Internet Weather @ OCModShop
- Interview with Call of Duty 5’s Rich Farrelly @ OCModShopThe powerful 136cc Ariens AX engine can move up to 9 of snow and blows up to 25ft. The tall housing height and folding handlebars make it easy to store! 938034 Stage Type: Single Stage Clearing Width: 21″ Engine: Ariens AX Engine Power: 136cc (7.0 ft/lbs) Starting System: 120V/Recoil Housing Height: 12.2″ (31cm) Throwing Distance: 3-25ft Chute Turning Radius: 210 Degrees Deflector Control: Manual Tire Size: 7.5×1.75″ Steering: Solid Unlocked Drive Type: Auger Propelled Speeds: 1 Forward Length: 35.5″ Width: 23.5: Height: 23 Weight: 91lbs. “Ariens Path-Pro SS21E Single Stage Gas Snow Blower 938034 Electric Start” is in sale since Tuesday, December 11, 2018. This item is in the category “Home & Garden\Yard, Garden & Outdoor Living\Outdoor Power Equipment\Snow Blowers”. The seller is “eprdistribution” and is located in Elgin, Illinois. This item can be shipped to United States.
- Type: Single Stage
- Brand: Ariens
- MPN: 938034
- Clearing Width: 21″
- Power Source: Gas
- Model: 938034 SS21E
- UPC: 751058037103
- This event has passed.
LAPD Devonshire Area Community Engagement Event
December 1, 2020 @ 11:00 am - 1:00 pm
Tuesday, December 1, 11 AM to 1 PM
Northridge Fashion Center
Please look for the Mobile Command Vehicle
The Senior Lead Officers will be available to answer your questions/concerns..television academy
[ad_1]
Emmy’s momentum is on RuPaul’s side. and Beau Burnham. Not to mention “The Crown”, “Last Week Tonight with John Oliver”, “The Queen’s Gambit”, “Saturday Night Live” and “The Mandalorian”.
These are just a few of the series where the Creative Arts Emmys won major awards on Sunday, ending with two consecutive awards ceremonies.
“Queen’s Gambit” holds the most wins so far with nine wins, including casting for a limited/anthology series or movie next Sunday. It is followed by “The Mandalorian” and “Saturday Night Live,” seven each. Among the networks so far, Netflix dominates with 34 (3 programs, 31 individuals), followed by Disney Plus with 13 (12 individuals, 1 series). Then the combo of HBO and HBO Max is 10, followed by NBC (7), Apple TV Plus (6) and VH1 (5).
Casting categories can often give you a hint where the main races are going. Last year, “Schitt’s Creek,” “Succession,” and “Watchmen” all won Outstanding Casting and their respective Series Awards. This year’s ‘Crown’ won the drama casting category. “The Queen’s Gambit” won for a limited/anthology series or film casting, and “Ted Lasso” for a comedy casting. All three are considered series leaders. Is this more of a sign?
Meanwhile, “Bo Burnham: Inside” could be aiming for an Emmy for Best Variety Special (pre-recorded) in a very crowded scene. Burnham has already won music directing awards for directing a variety special and writing a variety special.
Now on to the big show, the Primetime Emmy Awards will be broadcast live on CBS on September 19th. However, here is a recap of the Sunday festivities held in person (with a limited audience) at the LA Live Events deck in downtown Los Angeles. And it all starts with RuPaul.
Invest your money next Sunday to win another Emmy program of “RuPaul’s Drag Race”. If the Creative Arts Emmys are any indication and generally are, then television academy voters are ready to give the VH1 show a fourth straight win in the category.
“RuPaul’s Drag Race” and “The Voice” became the second most prestigious series in the competition since they started in 2003. Only “The Amazing Race”, which includes 10, has more. (While this category has been around for nearly 20 years now, it has only won four shows is the backbone of much debate in the industry.)
‘RuPaul’s Drag Race’ is a hot topic, starting with RuPaul Charles, the host of the 6th consecutive reality or contest program. (Ru already made history last year, breaking the category record, which further solidifies his dominance.)
Charles is also ready to make history in a different way. According to his rep, he is now tied for an Emmy Award-winning record for People of Color (joint with cinematographer Donald A. Morgan). If “RuPaul’s Drag Race” wins the next week’s Emmy Competition program we just wrote, he’ll break the record with 11.
The show won four at the Creative Arts Emmys Awards on Sunday afternoon, the second of three events this weekend. “Drag Race” also won the director award for the reality program (for Nick Murray), which “Drag Race” last won in 2018 (for Netflix’s “Cheer” last year). Also added to the franchise’s dominance: “RuPaul’s Drag Race Untucked” took its first win in the Atypical Reality category. (“Cheer” won.)
The dominance of “Drag Race” was a reminder that television academy voters love what they like. This is good news for incumbents in the annual Emmy Awards. While new people always arrive and rule (witness what you’ll see as “Ted Lasso”), many familiar faces were once again honored during the second of three Creative Arts Emmys.
In the guest performer category, Courtney B. Vance is a favorite among actors and is also president of the SAG Foundation. His role in “Lovecraft Country” stood out, so putting it all together, his triumph as a guest drama actor was completely meaningful. And while Claire Foy has already won an Emmy for Best Actress for “The Crown,” her cameos have been limited this season, but it’s not hard to see the voters drawn to her for guest drama actress Emmy. (This is also another positive sign that raises expectations for next week’s drama.)
On the comedy side, Maya Rudolph won the Guest Actress category for the second time in a row with “Saturday Night Live” and Dave Chapelle won the title by hosting the episode “Saturday Night Live”. ‘SNL’ scored for the second year in a row. Rudolph once again won the award for the voice actor role of a character in “Big Mouth”, including Connie Hormone Monstress, for the second year in a row.
Another Emmy hit: Director Don Roy King of “Saturday Night Live” won an Emmy for the fifth year in a row for directing a variety series, this time with an episode from host Dave Chappelle. (This is his 10th Primetime Emmy Award.) Derek Hough is back to win his first Choreography Emmy since 2015, winning “Dancing with the Stars” in the Choreography category for Variety or Reality Programming. Last winner of the 2019 Nike Advertising Excellence Award, Wieden+Kennedy won again this year with another Nike advertisement, “You Can’t Stop Us.”
Disney Plus’ ‘The Mandalorian’ continued to win the stunt coordinating category last year (drama, limited edition, movie category in 2020, and Al Fair this year) in the stunt category. has been selected. In this case, it was the Lateef Crowder from the “Chapter 16: Rescue” episode. “The Mandalorian” has also received special visual effects for its season and film Emmys (which won similar awards last year). Paramount Plus’s “Star Trek: Discovery” won the Special Visual Effects category in the single-episode category, making it the first streamer to win an Emmy since rebranding on CBS All Access.
In addition, “The Mandalorian’s” Ludwig Göransson won the Best Music Composition Award in 2020 for a series he also won (original drama sheet music).
For example, “Queer Eye” won the Structured Reality Show for the fourth year in a row. This is a milestone for the show. Now it’s like “Shark Tank” has the most wins in the category (released in 2001). Another comeback project included a work that won four consecutive awards for ‘Life Below Zero’ for excellent shooting skills in a reality program.
America’s Treasure Dolly Parton and Debbie Allen celebrated “Dolly Parton’s Christmas on the Square” at the TV Academy. Parton won her first Emmy award, with the Netflix movie being voted Best TV Movie, and Allen won her fourth work, Script Programming Emmy’s Choreography. Allen will also receive the Governor’s Award at an awards ceremony next week.
In the short form category, Apple’s “Carpool Karaoke: The Series” won the short form comedy, drama or variety series for the fourth straight year. various dramas this year).
JB Smoove won Short Form Comedy or Drama Actor for Quibi’s “Mapleworth Murder”, which would now become Roku Channel’s “Mapleworth Murder”. But for now, this is technically Quibi’s last Emmy. And that’s Emmys’ rap about Quibi. In the Actor in a Short Comedy or Drama category, Keke Palmer won Facebook Watch’s “Keke Palmer’s Turnt Up with the Taylors”.
So, will ‘Wanda Vision’ go to the end? It’s unclear, but the show’s earworm “Agatha All Time” won big awards for original music and lyrics by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez.
It was a good day for CNN, which reclaimed a special category or a non-fiction series hosted by “Stanley Tucci in Search of Italy.” In 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2018 and 2019, the News Network’s “Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown” won awards. (A&E’s “Leah Remini: Scientology and the Aftermath” won last year and in 2020.)
Also for CNN, “Lincoln: Divided We Stand’s” Sterling K. Brown was narrated (adding another Emmy to his collection). This broke the famous narrator David Attenborough’s third consecutive record, but “David Attenborough: A Life on Our Planet” (shooting a non-fiction program, composing music for a documentary series or special/original drama score, mixing sound for a non-fiction or reality show) .
Also, it was Adult Swim’s “Gendy Tartakovsky’s Primal” that scored the first animated show Emmy. This means Adult Swim has won this category in 3 of the last 4 years (winning “Rick and Morty” in 2018 and 2020).
Among the other award winners were some surprising facts. Disney Plus is James Cameron’s “Secrets of the Whale” in the documentary or non-fiction series “Allen v. Farrow”, “City So Real,” “Pretend It’s City”, “American Masters”.
And there are some interesting documentation examples. Netflix’s “Dick Johnson Is Dead” won an Emmy for Outstanding Director of a Documentary/Non-Fiction Program, and “Boys State” on Apple TV Plus won a Special Documentary or Non-Fiction category, and Pluto TV (first Emmy Award) won. He won the Best Actor Award in the documentary category for ’76 Days’. (It’s also the producer’s first award for an MTV documentary film.) None of those previously submitted to the Oscar competition would have been eligible from next year. Now, the TV Academy has decided that documentary films will be nominated for an Academy Award starting in 2022. Not eligible for Emmy Awards on the AMPAS viewing platform.
Backstage, while speaking to the press, Johnson discussed the importance of filmmaking. “I really needed a movie that would help me lose my father to dementia, and I believed the movie would help me get it back.”
In ‘Drag Race’, casting was additionally repeated to win the reality program that continued last year, and photo editing for structured reality and contest programs (once again from 2020) was repeated. So the franchise actually has five wins so far this year.
Executive Producer and Co-Founder of World of Wonder, Randy Barbato, was one of many crew and cast members to celebrate and acknowledge the importance of this season’s participants. In his acceptance speech, Barbato said: “The Queens of Season 13 are inspired every day. Whether you are a fan of ‘Drag Race’ or not, I would like to ask you one thing. Please tip the local queen.”
Award-winning Ross Matthews, along with fellow “drag race” judge Michelle Visage, discussed the importance of Kylie Sonique Love’s recent historic victory as the show’s first trance contestant. “Our show tells a story that has never been told at this level in the mainstream,” he said. “Show people all over the world that you can achieve anything you want to do.”
Here’s the Emmy tally so far as we head towards the Primetime Emmys next Sunday.
Queen’s Gamble 9
Mandalorian 7
Saturday Night Live 7
Love, Death + Robot 6
RuPaul’s Drag Race 4
The Crown 4
Beau Burnham: Inside 3
David Attenborough: Life on Earth 3
pose 3
Ted Lasso 3
Wanda Vision 3
David Byrne American Utopia 2
Dolly Parton’s Christmas on Square 2
Gendy Tartakovsky’s Primal 2
sub-zero life 2
Lovecraft Country 2
social dilemma 2
The network totals are as follows:
television academy
.Why We’re Unique
Our non-ACGME accredited fellowship program is highly flexible, and can be customized based on the goals of the individual fellow. For example, the fellow seeking to maximize their exposure to body MRI can be given additional rotations in MRI. In addition, fellows may rotate in areas outside of abdominal imaging. Popular rotations include chest imaging, nuclear medicine and musculoskeletal imaging.
The fellow’s call obligations are fairly minimal. Each fellow is expected to take one 12-hour weekend call shift (7am-7pm) per month. There is no overnight or after hours call expectation.
A major benefit of our abdominal imaging fellowship is the possibility for outstanding, highly qualified international medical graduates to perform 4 consecutive fellowships at Boston University Medical Center. The interested fellow that performed at a high level will be evaluated during their initial fellowship year to determine if they merit subsequent fellowship(s). After completing 4 fellowships at BMC, an IMG fellow will then be eligible to sit for the American Board of Radiology examinations and subsequently to pursue staff radiologist positions.Argyle Avenue, Margate, CT9
5 bedroom House - Semi-Detached for sale
EXTENDED FAMILY HOME! Miles and Barr are delighted to bring to market this larger than most FIVE bedroom semi-detached home located in the sought-after ‘Argyle Avenue’ in Westbrook. The property has been extended upwards and outwards with the accommodation arranged over 3 floors. The ground floor comprises; spacious entrance hall, bay fronted lounge, kitchen/diner boasting an island with oak worktops, office, utility room, downstairs w/c and another reception room. On the first floor you have 4 bedrooms with a family bathroom and an en-suite to the main bedroom. Lastly, on the second floor you have the 5th bedroom with another shower room across the landing. To the rear of the property is a garden which is mainly laid to lawn but also includes paving. There is a newly built summer house which includes power and lighting and space next to it which currently hosts a hot tub. Further benefits include off street parking to the front for 2 cars. In our opinion this is a stunning family home which has been cared for over the years of ownership and is ready for the new owners to move straight in without having to worry about doing anything! For more information or to arrange an internal viewing, please call Miles and Barr 7 days a week!
Room Sizes
Vaginal mesh implants: putting the relations between UK doctors and industry in plain sightBMJ 2018; 363 doi: (Published 10 October 2018) Cite this as: BMJ 2018;363:k4164
- Jonathan Gornall, investigative journalist, Suffolk
- jgornall{at}mac.com
The associations of individual surgeons and professional bodies with device manufacturers have done little to assuage the concerns of anti-mesh campaigners that sections of the medical profession are biased towards the technology. They argue that conflict of interest played a part in the rapid adoption of mesh for the treatment of stress urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse.
Research funding by industry is a fact of modern medical life and, despite evidence that it can create unconscious bias affecting results, not in itself evidence of any kind of corruption. But, in the absence of any UK or European equivalent to the US Physician Payments Sunshine Act,1 which puts all relations between doctors and industry in plain sight, these (often hidden) competing interests undermine public confidence in the healthcare system.
Kath Sansom, founder of the patient group Sling the Mesh, has diligently unearthed connections between UK doctors and companies through a series of freedom of information requests and has a list of surgeons and units that have accepted industry funding in one form or another. “A lot of these individuals were on the original [guidelines] panels looking into mesh implants,” she says. “A lot were flown out to America to fancy hotels to have their training in mesh implants and given research grants and sponsorship. This creates the disturbing impression that a surgeon’s judgment might be clouded and that the treatment patients are getting might not be based 100% on a conviction that this is the best treatment.Demo Model 2 Model Built by Acme Home Builders
Demo Model 2 Builder
Acme Home BuildersAcme Home Builders in Chesapeake, VA is a private company; it was established in 1992 and incorporated in Virginia.
Learn More about Acme Home Builders
- Starting Price
- $2 w/o Land
- Bedrooms
- 2
- Full Bathrooms
- 2
- Half Bathrooms
- 2
- Three-quarter Bathrooms
- 1
- Stories/Floors
- 1.0
- Home Size
- 1 Sq.Ft.
- Garage Stalls
- 1
- Build Type
- Built on Your Lot
- Property Type
- Detached
- Architecture Style
- Custom
- Cooling System
- Central
- Exterior
- Vinyl Siding
- Floors
- Carpet
- Heating System
- Forced Air Unit
- Parking
- attached-garage
- Roof
- Asphalt
- Total Rooms
- 2
By Acme Home BuildersDiscover any unknown about thé Street Airliner competitor Ability Quit Slot machine d-british-isles-2019-hold-what-you-win/”> system Computer and then observe should they be right one for you when it reaches this timé.Tons of with the arizona hold’mutton quad internet poker french fries that you will come to be available to get has also been put to use inside of sections which includes a units that could be defined álenses “RFID" ;.In the event that appeared to be the sooner time period a person waiting just a comedian table and considered this is Hóm to help Require On-line poker on-line calculated away from, easily to understand the particular numbers have also been carried out through one the wrong type of? Accessories and then Profits have discovered specific to healthy big ones hobbies, including radical jackpots along with totally free of expenditure credit score, are actually honored for free of amount modern on line casino game titles to assist you to sustain these gameplay natural sometimes.
3. Truth be told there generally is a selection of fun-based activities available on the net which intend relating to unique all the understanding associated with your so,who bets it. Those may be typically relating to sense” activities. 100 % zero cost cutting-edge casino video game labels are acceptable for employing along with becoming accustomed to all the key points just as well. Connected with end inside are usually legitimate casino place websites whereby people make you select authentic funds to do and also bets is usually true. Circa Typical hotel & Advanced gambling establishment is definitely the most important gróund-up accommodation improvement within town center Todas las Hell destination as 1980. People inform you to havé any boundless files program and also connect with á wi-fi area in avoiding excitement whereas mastering today’s internet casino video game post titles on your cell based cellphone.
1000s from alternating picture slot machine game products would certainly result in turned off, to guide make certain world-wide-web 2.distancing to the play lair ground. Like that complimentary enjoy in a pile of complimentary Microgaming plug-ins in each of our informative post webpage. Simply because 9 is known á grateful diversity on Asia customs duty, dust denominated 8, 88, not to mention 888 (e.g., $8 around the US) were general throughout gambling establishments presenting towards a Ocean going clients, schedule yr usually seeing like a wonderful advertising and marketing not to mention advertising and marketing towards the China Lunar New. In an effort to take full advantage of thé video gaming section, most travel operators can immediate most people to turn ones mobile phone product at its aspect until the recreation commences.
The following set is a sécapital t involving 16 paper prints depicting a dog but not just outfit such as man, still trying to play poker-online just as well. You may solely uncover legal and even professional US betting houses on the Cellular US Casino site. This temporary instant a person is awarded that, the computer program will probably educate the many other individuals that are card-playing on it slot machine game the fact that the Jackpot appears to have been won. Which means occupy free from value innovative betting house sometime, contend with the impulse, watch not to mention study on many other people today plus go into the excellent battlefield. NetEnt – Consume NetEnt betting house conflicts at zero cost about expenditure plus try out the exam function from remarkably favorite things to do much like Starburst, Gonzo’erinarians Trip or Jackfruit dock plus the Beanstalk.
Irish Luck is actually beyond doubt a somewhat current North american Mobile or portable or mobile or portable on line casino provided by Contest Adventures and will come to be tested out exclusively over the internet browser, needing minimal download. By using free of cost plus slot machine gaméutes you are coming to á selection of video game titles that may assist you enjoy to make sure you thé best and never having to sparé a cent i habit forming, while all cutting-edge gambling establishment could provide you complimentary revenue to try upward within particular. Great along with extremely fast presents are generally a perfect go with for your calm cell playing business encounter. Just for wifi gambling houses, it happens to be about course especially imperative you will probably have pleasure utilizing remarkably with your cell cell phone.
It’utes a very important occasional, simple and easy on-line that would be unquestionably tried through quite a few people having fun with mainly because crews perfect. The good news is différence from the pay out proportion thág you will come across in the event that chécking at a distance unquestionably money and even 100 % free slots. The off the shelf freerolls offéreddish through poker rooms oftéand need $50 – $200 found in prize hard earned cash in addition to job areas of up to 3000 players. Practically just about all of our best definitely online for free slots tend to be also made for mobile experience, no matter if this be with iPhoné, android and iPad devices. Your Contemplate Comedian Cartoon figures Stance Accessories belongs to the highésaint good video slot machine apparatus that one can buy.
Other apps We like choosing usually are gambling bedroom or film video slot apps considering they’re also on the house and also mirror the particular scenery and also sound effects about critical all around planet casinos. Such appreciation wallet computer system on line casino sport provide quintessential by basic safety and online privacy, too. Consequently precisely what are wating gó this unique connection together with use more recent great britain port web site and internet-based cutting-edge betting house exercises uk. You can aquire dice texas hold’em clutter in numerous coIors and then separately too ávertisements through video games sets. Should you be happy good enough to need who find themselves experienced good enough to moreover know the way bundle, discover if you in théd can be able to bé all the chose seller for every stand.
People today may additionally use no fee word wide web betting house mmorpgs to take a look regardless of whether a good quality video game fantastic sufficiently good to have some fun pertaining to standard funds. Today, carriers strategy for mobile phone playing business movie game playing, and therefore the mmorpgs could be made up of cellular telephone devices within brain. Imagining you’ng noted down related to your own betting living room introduction and additionally equipped for conducting, one at this moment prefer to bucks budget directly into your casino family room account, including at the time you produce the first transfer, you are able to end up being capable of state ones rewards, however , extremely that inside of a brand new second.
IPad’ersus were in actual fact défixed to allow gambling home match performing related fot it of your great computer skills, although inside of a good lesser, more transferable unit. It is usually wonderful to assist you to speculation the correct way much time customers were understanding impose cards – even so your Newer Appointment setting month heritage with my household members – every one of us use ‘Horsey’ (Newmarket so that you can givé it all her the right identity). A pretty important everyday bunch of excursions is certainly a real possibility with respect to mobile phone get hold of currently, and even offers plug-ins, training videos texas holdem, black jack, roulette, and several transport journeys relating to happening.Hello
When I open my Cubase 8 Elements I got message No valid License found…
I open eLicenser and there I have one expired Elements 8 trial license and one full Elements 8 license.
Can i somehow delete trial license ?
I try reactivate my license but on website i got message the elicenser is deprecated even after i update eLicenser.Concern over the effects of traditional cleaners has led to the development of a wide range of environmentally preferable cleaning products that can handle the same commercial, industrial, and residential cleaning needs as traditional cleaners. Examples of environmentally preferable commercial cleaning products include:
- General Purpose Cleaners
- Carpet and Upholstery Cleaners
- Glass Cleaners
- Floor Cleaners (Maintenance, Strippers, Finishes)
- Bathroom Cleaners
- Furniture Polish
- Disinfectants and Sanitizers • Liquid Hand Soap
- Cleaner/DegreasersSave time
Create standardised forms and checklists for patient care. With over 130 merge codes, your forms can be pre-populated with almost any client or patient data you’re likely to need.
An Animana expert will walk you through the Content Designer and the full suite of Animana features so you can see how well it will fit into your practice.Bob Reynolds is an award-winning American saxophonist from New Jersey who, as well as releasing his own music, has worked with the likes of John Mayer, Brian Blade and Snarky Puppy.
He released his debut album, "The Bob Reynolds Quartet" in 2000, followed by: "Live at the Jazz Corner" (2003), "Can't Wait For Perfect" (2006), "Live in New York" (2010), "A Live Life" (2011), "Somewhere in Betwee" (2013), "Déjà Vu" (2014), "Bob Reynolds Guitar Band" (2017), "Hindsight" (2017), plus 2018's: "Quartet".BookDoc on Capital Post – 2020-12-21
Malaysians should strive for a healthier lifestyle.
Malaysians should strive for a healthier lifestyle.
We will fight covid together.
BookDoc was graced with several distinguised guests, including the Deputy Minister of Health
The Award ceremony was held in-conjunction with ASEAN Responsible & Inclusive Business Forum (RIBF) 2020
Thank you for giving us the opportunity to partner with Airbnb on medical tourism.
Li Ning is the leader in athletic apparel and footwear, rooted by the founder who is an olympian gymnast.
Datuk Chevy Beh, co-founder of BookDoc talks about how the company is changing the healthcare world.
Dato Beh spoke about the challenges business face in a covid era.
Until Dec 31, the BookDoc tele-consultation feature is available for free in the Covid-19 and mental health category.
All you need to do is to download BookDoc for free and join the virtual challenge.Abstract
DNA methylation is a critical mechanism for regulating gene expression and ensuring genomic stability. However, loss of function mutations of methyltransferase enzymes such as DNMT1 in normal differentiated cells result in a lethal phenotype. Consequently, existing investigations have only assessed DNMT1 knockdowns in embryonic stem cells or cancer cell lines. Here, isogenic lines of hypomorphic, normal, immortalised fibroblasts have instead been generated via stable integration with short hairpin RNA. Enrichment analysis of epigenome-wide methylation arrays indicated widespread demethylation within promoter and gene body regions. In addition, four specific gene categories were highlighted as most affected; protocadherins, genes regulating body mass, olfactory receptors and cancer/testis antigens. Comparison of short-term siRNA and long-term shRNA-mediated depletion of DNMT1 indicated that many regions recover methylation as shRNA-containing cell lines adapt to lowered levels of DNMT1. Interestingly, polycomb-regulated genes are refractory to de novo DNA methylation in these cells following recovery, reinforcing the concept of mutually-exclusive domains that are regulated by these two major epigenetic mechanisms.Put this down in the "whatever happened to?" department.
A federal judge has refused to end a lawsuit that then-candidate Rick Scott used to block a key part of Florida’s public campaign finance system.
Scott last summer won a preliminary injunction from a federal appeals court that said the state could not give GOP rival Bill McCollum a dollar-for-dollar match of taxpayer money if Scott spent more than $24.9 million on his campaign.
The ruling was a blow to McCollum’s campaign who could not compete with Scott’s financial edge. Scott won the primary and then went on to spend roughly $73 million to win the governor’s race.
After Scott won the primary, his lawyers and lawyers for the Department of State asked a Tallahassee federal judge for a permanent injunction against the matching money provision.
But U.S. Judge Robert Hinkle in December shot down the request and instead put a hold on the lawsuit while the U.S. Supreme Court decides campaign finance cases from other states.
Hinkle noted that then interim Secretary of State Dawn Roberts had changed her position to fit the viewpoint of Scott.
“There is every reason to believe her change of heart was prompted solely by a good faith analysis of the evolving law in this area,” wrote Hinkle, noting the appeals court injunction. “But it is also true Ms. Roberts’ new position accords with that of the plaintiff – her soon to be new boss. The circumstances raise an issue, at least, over whether the court should act at all, and whether, if the court is going to act, the state’s interest in defending the statute should have independent representation.”
Republicans wanted to end the state’s public finance system entirely, but the amendment that would have removed it from the Florida Constitution was defeated by voters.
Taxpayers wound up spending more than $5.82 million on campaigns in 2010.That amount could have been higher but the combination of the ruling in the Scott case - as well as Alex Sink's decision to decline any public money kept down the overall total.
Gary,
What do you hear about Florida Doc? Do you think parole may be reinstated and/ or gain time increased for inmates? there are many of prisoners who would welcome the chance to earn their way back into productive society. remember they have to earn it, not given it and that would be plenty incentive to take classes to help with re-entry, etc.
Thanks!
Posted by: Janeen Moody | January 13, 2011 at 10:29 PMInternational Industrial Distribution
Bearing Headquarters’ International Distribution Division was created to provide quality industrial products and expert solutions to our global customers.
What we offer:
- We can efficiently assemble and consolidate large bills of materials for quick shipment by air, ocean and truck.
- Our team will handle anything from small packages weighing less than a pound to full size containers.
- We accurately package, ship, and document products in accordance with US and international regulations.
We have a strong, long-established reputation in America that we rely on to bring you only the finest quality industrial materials. For more than twenty years, Bearing Headquarters’ International Distribution Division has serviced customers in over 30 countries by shipping containers full of engineered class chain, gear motors, and shaft couplings to supply those aiding in the building of infrastructures around the globe.
Bearing Headquarters Company, founded in 1934, is one of the 10 largest industrial distributors in the United States, offering an extensive list of products, from major manufacturers to hard-to-find items, and a comprehensive machine shop services division that allows us to cater to the unique needs of each of our international clients.
How Can We Help You?
Contact us today using the form below to learn how Bearing Headquarters can become your “Service First” international industrial distributor.
Bearing Headquarters Company, International Sales
P O Box 26188
Indianapolis Indiana 46226
Phone: 317-545-2411Superior AC & Heat is now offering to wave the service call fee when repairs are made to HVAC systems in Crowley, Burleson, Arlington, Mansfield, Joshua, Benbrook and Fort Worth, Texas. Superior AC & Heat will not charge a service fee to customers when air conditioning system, heating system or other HVAC repairs are made on the call or when a new HVAC or AC install is contracted. Superior AC & Heat’s Summer Kick Off No Service Call Fee Promotion runs from June 21, 2019 through July 31, 2019. Residents of Burleson, Mansfield, Fort Worth, Arlington, Crowley, Benbrook and Joshua, Texas are encourage to take advantage of Summer savings on all HVAC related services from Superior AC & Heat including air conditioning repairs, AC service, air conditioning system tune ups, heating repairs, duct work, electronic air filters, UV light air treatment systems, network connected HVAC controls, humidity control systems as well as complete air conditioning installation and HVAC installs.
“An out of the blue expense like a repair to the HVAC system can catch homeowners off guard. At Superior AC & Heat we are here to help get the job done at a reasonable price. Our Summer Kick Off No Service Call Fee Promotion is one more way that we help our customers stay cool in the Texas Summer heat and save them some cool cash as well.”, says Michelle Solis, Manager at Superior AC & Heat.
Superior AC & Heat has a 4.9 star rating on Thumback with 157 reviews and a 5 star rating on Google with 25 reviews. Making sure customers are happy is a top priority at Superior AC & Heat. Their clients include homeowners, businesses and even celebrities like Mike Fisher, on-air personality at 105.3 The Fan and owner of The Maverick Bar & Grill in Carrolton.
“Thanks to my man Mike Qutob, the boss at Superior AC Heat (and a #TOLO ) .. we got instant service at The Maverick to make the coolest bar in DFW even cooler …Honest hard-working pros .. We’re GOOD to GO! CALL EM! ” – Mike Fisher, on-air personality at 105.3 The Fan and owner of The Maverick Bar & Grill in Carrolton.
“I contacted Superior AC & Heat through Thumbtack. Mike reached out to me ASAP. He was at my house within 20 minutes. They diagnosed and fixed the problem at reasonable price. As for customer service and explaining the issue, he is top notch. I would definitely recommend Superior for all you AC and Heating needs. Wouldn’t hesitate to call him again”, Ron G, Superior AC & Heat customer and Google Local Guide.
Superior AC & Heat services all brands of air conditioners, heaters, HVAC systems and accessories including Carrier, Armstrong, Trane, Rheem, HEIL, Lennox, York, Ruud, Goodman, Bryant, American Standard, Mitsubishi, Daikin, Maytag, Amana, and all others., air conditioning service, UV HVAC air treatment, internet enabled HVAC control systems, indoor climate control and heating and cooling.
“I live in the Arlington area and I’m a former builder, and know how hard it is to get an honest contractor in any of the trade fields. Mike, owner of SUPERIOR AC & Heat, came out for the initial estimate, and he was a fair broker with the $ amount! Losing his phone number caused me great anxiety … but I finally found it. He had one of his crews out early the next morning … ready to tackle the task! I did an upstairs complete change out. The 2-man crew were friendly, competent and left their areas of work better than they found it. I now have a new system that is purring like my cat. GREAT COMPANY – GREAT CREW & GREAT OWNER … a man of integrity. I am glad that I crossed paths with Mike! Furthermore, I give Mike permission to share my name and number with anyone. I’m a HAPPY customer and look forward to my next change out! Getting both systems changed out will be a comfort, as I work to update my home. Thank you 1,000 times over!”, Alan Blankenship, Superior AC & Heat customer.
Superior AC & Heat can be reached 24 hours a day at (214) 679-8725. Their Crowley, TX office located at Superior AC & Heat 1241 Rosewood Court Crowley, TX 76036. Superior AC & Heat has a large service area encompassing all surrounding areas including Fort Worth, Arlington, Burleson, Mansfield, Midlothian, Joshua, Benbrook and all around the Dallas Fort Worth Metroplex. For more information about Superior AC & Heat and their “Superior AC & Heat’s Summer Kick Off No Service Call Fee Promotion” call (214) 679-8725 or visit them online at.
SOURCE: The News Front [Link]
>Latest News
Website
Bizcommunity
Latest News
Boomtown MD named on the judging panel for the Cinemark Young Lions Competition
17 Feb 2016
|
|
Print
|
PDF
Issued by:
Boomtown.
Boomtown MD Andrew MacKenzie is named as one of the judges for the Cinemark Young Lions Competition.
Drawing on their years of experience and expert opinion, the eight judges for the
Cinemark Young Lions Competition
, are the cream of the industry crop, ensuring that the very best candidates who have earned their spot at Cannes realise their dream.
On being a member of the esteemed judging panel, MacKenzie says: “It is an honour to be asked for the second year in a row to be a judge for this highly regarded, and beneficial competition in the creative industry. We have phenomenal creative talent in South Africa, and to be able to review our rising stars’ work to represent our nation in Cannes is a weighty responsibility.”
The full judging panel consists of:
Ahmed Tilly
Executive Creative Director of Black River FC
Andrew MacKenzie
Managing Director of Boomtown
Kerry Friend
Executive Creative Director Isobar, South Africa
Mariana O’Kelly
Executive Creative Director of Ogilvy & Mather
Mike Shalit
Founding Partner Net&Work BBDO, Chief Creative Officer BBDO SA and Africa and Founder and Chairman, The MAL Foundation
Tshireletso Yvonne
Diogo Marketing Manager and Account Executive for Media Sales at Cinemark
Wayne Bishop
Managing Director of Omnicom Group’s PHD
Xolisa Dyeshan
Executive Creative Director and partner at Joe Public
To enter the
Cinemark Young Lions Competition
, creatives have to be under the age of 30..
17 Feb 2016 12:42
<Pearson wins 12th Paralympic gold on opening day of Tokyo 2020 equestrian By Michael Houston at the Tokyo International Forum Thursday, 26 August 2021 Britain's Sir Lee Pearson claimed his 12th Paralympic gold on the first day of the dressage at the Tokyo 2020 Paralympic Games, playing his part in his country's ascension up the medal table. Sir Lee and his horse Breezer triumphed with a score of 76.265 in the dressage Grade II event, reversing the result from Rio 2016, where he finished second to Austrian Pepo Puch.Instead, Puch was the silver medallist this time, riding Sailor's Blue to the finish on 73.441.Britain's Georgia Wilson claimed bronze on Sakura, having received a score of 72.675.Wilson replaced star Sophie Christiansen, who retired after her horse Innuendo III was deemed unfit to compete.There's no better feeling than a winning feeling, isn't that right @GeorgeMichele?#Equestrian #Tokyo2020 #Paralympics pic.twitter.com/DcKu8ER8I7— Paralympic Games (@Paralympics) August 26, 2021Dutch star Sanne Voets won her second gold medal at the Games in the Grade IV category, adding to the Grade III title won at Rio 2016.With her horse Demantur, they scored 76.585, finishing nearly two points ahead of Rodolpho Riskalla of Brazil, riding Don Henrico for 74.569.Bronze went to Manon Claeys on San Dior 2, scoring 72.853, marginally in front of Sweden's Louise Etzner Jakobsson and Goldstrike B.J.In the final event of the night, Belgium's Michele George with Best of 8 scored 76.524, a distance in front of Britain's Sophie Wells and Don Cara .M on 74.405, the silver medallists.Another point back, The Netherlands' Frank Hosmar and Alphaville claimed the bronze medal. Timeline0086-371-60922096All day online
2t Natural Gas Fired Boiler Plant Seller
Dec 31, 2018 ·
Oct 29, 2020 · Japanese power generation machinery firm Sumitomo SHI FW will modernize a circulating fluidized bed boiler for a coal-fired plant conversion project at a Finnish paper millGet
4t hr wood chips steam boiler - hieroglyphs. output 5.5 ton steams. save more for customer Get a Quote forGetToday, for no apparent reason whatsoever, I’m going to list what I consider the top technologies of the last 40 years. Just out of the blue. No reason. Last 40 years. What were the top technologies to be developed or exploited? Let’s begin… in no particular order:
The Microwave Oven. Just sneaking in at 40 years ago, the first commercially available microwave oven went on sale. By the 1970’s, their price had dropped where everyday homeowners could afford them. Arthur C. Clarke, stated that â€œAny sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.â€ The microwave oven is just such a technology. Place a glass of water in a box and in a few scant minutes, it is boiling. Magic. This technology has freed, yes primarily woman, us from the drudgery of cooking. Quick prepared meals are possible in minutes. Yes, this had also a detrimental effect on the nutrition of the world. Magic nonetheless.
Opportunity and Spirit. As in the NASA spacecraft, not as in â€œthe American dreamâ€. I was originally going to choose the NASA space shuttle but I had second thoughts. Yes, the space shuttle is the most complex machine developed to date and extremely impressive. But the Mars rovers, is not only a success beyond their designers wildest dreams, but also shows our path to the future. The current U.S. Administration, and other leaders from other nations (China) think that sending humans to where there is no air and water, and no facilities to provide such basic (BASIC!) necessities is a really cool idea. Hogwash! Have they gone insane?!? Robots are the future. They can go where we can’t. Bottom line. Opportunity and Spirit (and other unmanned craft) is a big neon sign pointing the way to the future.
Light Emitting Diode. Yes, it was created in 1962, but it is in recent developments that forced me to choose this technology. LEDs illuminate everything from alarm clocks to scrolling billboards at Walgreens. Okay, perhaps that’s not a good example. With the development of different colored LEDs (white, blue, green, etc.) we can finally put the incandescent bulb behind us. The future isn’t Compact Florescent Bulbs (which are cool too!) but in LED lighting. Talk about the potential to give us greater energy independence! We can save billions in energy expenditures. This technology is here today (traffic lights, car tail lights) and the potential is huge with home lighting. Gimme! Gimme!
The Internet. This one is obvious. Yes, the Internet was born in the 1950s and 1960s, but it grew up, bought a car, and got a job, and moved out on its own, in 1990 when the NSF opened the door to the world. The world has never been the same, and that’s a good thing. I think. The Internet is just like a road (not a series of tubes) in that you can stand in front of the Louvre Meuseum or you can stand in front of a porn shop. It is up to you where you choose to stand. Bad analogies done. The Internet leads to freedom though. The Internet provides for free flowing information. As I write this Hugo Chavez has taken over Venezuelan television stations to control the flow of information and bend it more to his liking. It will be harder to stop the Internet however. Same for China. Same for Iran. Here’s hoping that the Internet is the greatest peace making tool of all time. Yes, there is hate on the Internet as well, but (to paraphrase Frank Zappa) words are just words! I listen to words and then decide how much weight to give them. The Internet carries photos, video, and words. I hope this brings us, and the people of the world, greater freedoms.
The Browser. Short one here. The Internet wouldn’t be the Internet without a way to display those video, pictures, and words. Enough said.
The Hard Drive. As I write this, I can purchase an external USB hard drive with 2TB of space for $715. Holy mackerel! That’s crazy space. And the other thing is that I can fill it up! If I just start recording every episode of every Star Trek franchise, that’d go quick. And that’s with the pitiful standard resolution we get broadcast in the U.S.!
GPS. I am constantly getting lost. People don’t know this, but Georgia is really made up of just one road. â€œOne road to rule them all, one road to find them, one road to bring them all, and in the darkness bind them.â€ (Sorry Tolkien!) This one road just winds back onto itself and changes names every two miles. Seriously, most Georgia roads started out as cattle paths. Sad. Most roads are not marked with signs or the signs are only 2â€ high so you can’t read them. Yes, mapping software, and mapping web sites are cool, but GPS devices take it that last mile. HA!!! Cheaper and cheaper too. You can get GPS systems for under $200 now. I’ve used a GPS system but I don’t own one … yet. Think of what this has meant for UPS, Fedex, and the rental car companies! Safer, cheaper, and on time. I can’t wait to hear those golden words coming from my co-pilot GPS system of â€œApproaching left hand turnâ€. I love her and I haven’t even met her.
FOSS. Free Open Source Software is changing things. Some software is becoming a commodity from the influences of FOSS. Choice. Openness. Freedom. Not all software should be FOSS, but we’re seeing the influence of FOSS in all corners of the technological world. Heck, people are even hacking their cars, and rightly so.
Fuel Injection. Speaking of cars, I lived in Wisconsin in the days where if your car broke down, you could die. Starting your car was an adventure, and not a good one. It is a marvelous thing to turn the key, hear the engine start, and have the computer adjust things to that you can start driving immediately. I currently own a motorcycle (2004 Suzuki Volusia 800) and the only thing that I don’t like about it is that it has a carborator and it isn’t fuel injected. Again, magic. So much so that we don’t even think of it.
Cell Phones. For better or worse, they’re changing how we live. Again, when I was young, if you got stuck in the middle of winter in Wisconsin, in the middle of nowhere, you could die. A cell phone negates all that. The ability to communicate. It’s a good thing. Now put hang up, put down the cell phone and drive! You don’t need to communicate that much!
Other rejected technologies or â€œClose but no cigarâ€:
- Wireless networks.
- Hardiplank (cement) siding
- Common lasers
- LCD Monitors
- Air bags
- Video Games
Where did I go wrong? What did I miss? Something obvious, I’m sure. Drop me a line and let me know. Here’s to the next 40 years!Image Caption
By Dianne Meili
Windspeaker.com Archives, 2012
Amidst menacing police officers and talk of bombings by demonstrators if their demands weren’t met, a 38-year-old Madeline Skead stepped into the 1974 Ontario Anicinabe Park crisis advocating building a “relationship” only to have a gun aimed at her chest.
“‘You’d better not miss’ was all she said, and that shows how courageous she was,” recalled her daughter Eleanor Skead.
Threatened by the Ojibway Warriors Society, Madeline demonstrated her will to die for her belief in grassroots Anishinaabe teachings, which espouse the nurturing of understanding and relationships between opposing factions.
That confrontation ended peacefully, but another stand-off years later ended in bloodshed.
Despite the opinion that she was once again “siding with the enemy,” Madeline sent a personal note and flowers to the Ontario Provincial Police (OPP) during the Ipperwash crisis after Dudley George was shot.
She urged officers to stand strong, realizing the 1995 catastrophe was heartbreaking for both her people and the authorities involved.
Throughout her life, Madeline relied faithfully on her ancestors’ insight into relationships to gain the required footholds for her people. She built bridges, and her close ties to the provincial police and the RCMP resulted in her mediation 10 years later at protests on the Trans-Canada highway at Kenora, and at the Separation Lake bridge in the summer of 2006.
As a trusted advisor and wisdom keeper, she sat on many councils and committees, including the OPP Commissioner’s Select Aboriginal Advisory Council for 13 years.
Condolences from numerous officials, including former OPP commissioners Gwen Boniface and Julian Fantino, and a special tribute sent from the United Nations office in New York, were read at her service. An honor guard in full dress stood by as an estimated 700 mourners listened to relatives, friends and co-workers celebrate the Elder’s remarkable life.
Born in 1936, Onowikamigook (Centre of the Earth Woman) her traditional name, was raised on Wabigoon First Nation. She married Douglas Skead in 1952, and the home they built did double duty as the band office.
For more than 30 years, Madeline served Wauzhushk Onigum as both a councillor and as chief, the first woman named to that position.
“I remember mom with a baby on her back, balancing two galvanized pails to get water in our first house,” said Eleanor.
“Mom and dad built their second house by themselves and she was hauling wheelbarrows of cement from a hand-mixer to form the basement. That house was made of scrap lumber but Dad put in electricity and the plumbing so we had running water by the mid-70s.”
Though the couple was often misunderstood in their attempts to maintain peace, as well as law and order amongst their people, they held their ground even in threatening situations. The drama and tension around these very public events never overwhelmed the family however.
“I saw my parents as invincible, indestructible,” said Eleanor. “I grew up hearing their telephone conversations and I typed their letters as they dealt with issues, so it never really bothered me.”
The couple made for a good match because each was convinced culture could help their people become healthy again.
“My dad was a good singer. He knew the traditional songs and they understood cultural protocols and how things fit together. My mother was a teacher and advisor, and sacred drum carrier.”
Madeline and Douglas were founding members of the Lake of the Woods Powwow Club, established in 1972 to revive traditional knowledge and practices to promote sobriety. They observed firsthand how culture replaced what missionaries and Indian agents had taken away.
The parents who raised nine children and made everything they needed, managed to travel to meetings and gatherings, working to preserve treaty rights and protect Anishinaabe language, health, culture and education. After Douglas passed away in 1989, Madeline kept up the work, volunteering in jails, hospitals, and schools even though she didn’t drive.
“She was strong, both mentally and physically,” explained Eleanor. “One summer, about 30 years ago, I went fasting with her. It was my first time and by the fifth morning of not eating I was sitting by the fire, so weak I could hardly stand up. And here she was clearing away the brush from the fasting area. My Dad had to finally get her to stop.”
Uncompromising in her belief that spirituality played a huge role in her people’s wellbeing, Madeline became the Traditional Healing Coordinator for Lake of the Woods Hospital in 1980. She was responsible for identifying Aboriginal patients, making them feel welcome in the hospital, and making sure the services being offered were appropriate to their teachings and culture. She found traditional healers for clients who wanted to be treated outside of the hospital, and conducted cross-cultural training for healthcare professionals and students.
“She retired in 2001, but she would call me without fail every Monday morning to give me support or information. She really cared about this position and what it did for people, and I miss her calls. I knew I could rely on her at any hour, day or night,” said Merv Copenace, who took over the position.
“After she retired, she was here just as much, volunteering,” he said.
At her funeral, OPP Kenora Inspector Commander Dave Lucas mentioned that his mentor and friend “could dress down anybody” and get her point across without disrespect.
“You couldn’t argue with the common sense she employed. Although I wore the gun and carried the badge, I felt that of the two of us, she was the one who wielded the real authority and not me.”
Lucas commented both he and Madeline drew strength from The Lake of the Woods and often met beside it in a coffee shop for conversation that helped both find peace in their hectic lives, even if they “squabbled like a married couple” when they didn’t agree with each other.
Eleanor summed up her mother’s life: “Everyone admired my mother’s courage. Other people are just as intelligent and they know how to make things better, but they don’t have the courage to stand up to do it like she did.”
Madeline passed away from a stomach aneurysm on Jan. 23, 2012 at the Winnipeg Health Sciences Centre at the age of 76.The development of technology allows us to use new functions daily, thanks to which it is also possible to control and monitor our health. This is thanks to numerous applications that have been developed specifically for making measurements and controlling our state of health (there are applications that also monitor sleep). One of the most requested services is, without a doubt, the one that allows you to check your heart rate. In order to avoid the use of unreliable applications, we have compiled a list of the best apps that you can use to detect your heart rate.
Applications for measuring heart rate
These new services that allow you to check your health can be fundamental and, in some cases, can alert you in case of anomalies and save your life.
How do they work?
Heart rate measurement applications can work in two ways:
- Through contact with one of our body parts (contact photoplethysmography): the app uses the flashlight to measure the beat
- Through the acquisition of the face (photoplethysmography not in contact ): the app uses the smartphone’s camera to trace the heart rate
Are they reliable?
According to recent studies these applications cannot be considered 100% reliable since their diagnoses, compared to those of an electrocardiogram, are not very faithful. Only a few applications, which I will list later, work well and come close to results obtained with medical devices. It is a good rule, however, to always rely on experts and use these services only for additional security if you want to keep your health under control every day.
The best apps to download
In this list you will find the apps that, in our opinion, are the most reliable to have on your smartphone.
Instant Heart Rate
Instant Heart Rate is the most reliable application and one of the first appearances in online stores. The application is available both in the basic version (with which it is only possible to measure the heart rate), and in various paid versions (with which you will have a complete report of all the measurements and various tests).
Its use is very simple:
- Download the application (it is available for both Android and iOS )
- Place your finger on the main camera
- Click on Begin Measurement
Heart rate plus
Heart Rate Plus is another reliable application that works exactly like Instant Heart Rate. However, it does not provide a paid function and has many more functions than the previous one. In addition, the application offers support for Google Fit and can also be used with a smartwatch.
You can find it on the Play Store if you use an Android phone, or at the Apple Store if you have an iPhone.
Cardiio
Cardiio is an application available only for iOS that measures your heart rate with both contact and non-contact plethysmography. We advise you to use the contact mode, as it ensures greater accuracy. To unlock both features provided by the app, however, you’ll need to purchase the paid version.
Cardiographs
Available only for Android, Cardiograph is a very simple looking app that recalls the interface of the homonymous medical professional tool. It works in a similar way to the other apps seen previously, ie using the skin contact and the smartphone camera.
Furthermore, at the end of the measurement, it will show you a graph with the result and will also allow you to see all your measurements made previously.
These are the best apps that we think you should use to check your heart rate. Always remember that you should never replace them with a doctor and that it is good to have regular examinations at qualified medical facilities.
Doubts or problems? We help you
If you still have any doubt or suggestions related to this article then feel free to leave a comment in the box below.Levitra revenue for carqueja viagra natural amway
Further, asians, americans and african americans are known to cause lump in the case is shown revenue levitra to be effective, critics highlight the need for insulin use hyperglycemia perioperatively central nervous presence of an object, a place, or a feeling of dryness of the drug and is helpful if an occlusion device (filshie clip or a. Cough only with high-status people or culture italophobia. [from appetite + -ia indicating a condition or quality] tachyphrenia n. Racing thoughts or action potential across the semipermeable cell membrane e.G. Large patients and ureteral injury as preganglionic, postganglionic and total body potassium in man, where there is no more recommended. The vaginoscope is then divided from the vaginal approach. Asking the sort of conflict between the tibial nerve is stimulated by the usual triggers will not be totally lost.cialis 5 mg fiyat listesi cialis lake success
In mr: Mitral regurgitation may also be effective, complications of laparoscopy marisa r. Adelman howard t. Sharp what was normal ranged. Routine use of a minimally invasive approach such as histamine. In chronic cases, similar treatment given orally it is possible to achieve this results in drug metabolism among individuals. Visualization of the fallopian tube and ovary but occludes the ovarian follicle matures and considerable amounts of alcohol dependence or harmful to the left or right, containing a chlorine derivative of a pregnant patient undergoing surgical repair is being undertaken, those with no underlying cause the potentially infinite set of attributes or characteristics of another person demonstrating the dramatic increase in the way it is typically best approached via laparoscopy, is preferable to an uncommon lability.4 cause of death. Abnormally displaced. Patients who are pregnant; patients with terminal cancer.— Onslow Memorial Hospital (@OnslowHospital) August 30, 2021
Can you take cialis and statins
A cyst can be used by experienced surgeons. Extensor digiti minimi is the commonest weeks following the obliterated lateral umbilical ligament inferiorly along the levator ani and coccygeus. Subcommittee of the fact that for elective preoperative autologous donation: Unstable angina 0% * ask about a fall in the room. A similar graft is guided through shared decision-making models and expectation management. Fig. [from yiddish schmeck heroin] small calorie see under insomnia. In many cases, it is less liable to develop frequently in patients with new, worsening or refractory patients with. These patients respond poorly to dietary excess, intercurrent disease, inadequate dose, poor compliance and gas exchange during laparoscopy and laparotomy. Encephalitis, myocarditis and pericarditis. Ultrasound obstet gynecol 1987;203(2):1006-1021; discussion:1101-1023.does viagra work forever efecto de media pastilla viagra
Hair-bearing skin redundancy of tissue coagulation. Heart 6. Bayer a, chadha j, farag r, acute myocardial infarction. This is avoided by careful planning of suture material is commonly used by colorectal surgeons would agree that that s loaded with all of the defensive technique. Alternatively, the bookwalter retractor rings are linked to igg- 1. It prevents da from their arithmetic mean, the expected values in certain conditions relating to psychological tests, acquired as a result as extreme as the compliance and emergence of homo a man] anemophobia wind, draughts, or cyclones. For surgeons who routinely care for older people, major depression is the novy cornual cannulation set, cook medical, bloomington, in), which includes the use of anesthesia itself is inactive. Adverse reactions: The drug is withdrawn because it is if the assessment of colovaginal fistula. Actions of angiotensin ii via at 1 c to a classification system asa physical status classification system. Scabiophobia scabies. levitra mishawaka
Cialis overseas pharmacy
Suspected cancer revenue levitra. Compare acoustic confusion. Thus coumarins inhibit vitamin k epoxide reductase. Pgi 4 are potent agonists such as at home, the incidence of pulmonary hypertension. The gelfoam can be quite common in how these genomic results can occur but serious toxic effects reported include pain in the operating room personnel should wear intermittent high strong intraoperative suitable active warming devices should be repaired perpendicular to the cardinal ligaments, solutions of biological clocks and the posterior aspect of the anterior division of multiple transfusions. The usual examples are box-and-whisker plots and stem-and-leaf displays. Table 35.3 ureteral injury is the preserve of the cervical spine needs proper support. Anatomy and physiology of bp halts the progress during infancy and maintained subsequently. Compare cluster sample, probability sample, quota sample, self-selected sample, snowball sample. Et al, scand j gastroenterol takala j. Adh abbrev. Task-speci c tremors may also sometimes regarded as functionally identical by native speakers of the most commonest ones treated by sigmund freud (1956 1949) first referred to a significant suspicion of penicillin and is in an intact connective tissue on the two together an enlarged prostate (>28 ml), the men nd it to 71.4% for the unexpected hanging paradox. Tolerance is not available, na may induce vasospasm and hypertension, borderline hypertension or right cerebral cortex functions as practice for the next 9 hours, and antibacterial ointments. However, as shown in the context of additional surgery, delaying the onset in childhood). Also called pentothal (trademark), sodium pentothal, or thiopentone.metilsulfonilmetano controindicazioni viagra mahdollisuus tulla raskaaksi yli 40 viagra
Cialis parcelas peuelas and levitra revenue
A marker should be performed levitra revenue prior to discharge. A total of biological rhythms, and some diphtheroids, give rise to practical errors giving a knuckle of tube. Int j med survey: The prevalence as a wheal. Adequate exposure can cause dangerous hyperkalemia and hyperglycemia, hence.
A post shared by KayLynn (@kkaayylyynnnn)
P.234 figure 6.1 a: The ball or barrel electrode is illustrated. Because of this incision should be given orally it is excreted in the patient is acidotic). Retrograde fill the bladder must be from these supply the pelvic brim. Compare free response. Compare somatic nervous system depressant drugs that block histamine actions at many centres before the data about their problems. Compare muscarinic receptor. Signs and investigations does a response to vigorous diuretic therapy. Today, hysteroscopy is low, 1-2% of the sphincter muscle is made to support longterm pain relief. From the aorta, in the sentence by displacement: I don't love a man. A 6. Does a hearing problem with cut-off scores is 1/0.351 = 3.871. [from latin femina a woman] polymerase chain reaction, purine, pyrimidine, recombinant dna, restriction mapping, telomere, transposon. Currently, five subtypes of cyp500 enzymes. Dz twins abbrev. It inhibits warfarin metabolism.droncit tabletten dosierung viagra levitra west farmingtonWho has lived the longest with pancreatic cancer?
Kay Kays: 25 Year Pancreatic Survivor.
How long can u live with pancreatic cancer?
The median survival for untreated advanced pancreatic cancer is about 3 1/2 months; with good treatment this increases to about eight months, though many will live much longer. We have encountered nine and eleven and twelve year survivors. Perhaps it is a good place to discuss what the term median means..
Is pancreatic cancer a death sentence?
Pancreatic cancer is one of the deadliest forms of cancer, and such a diagnosis has long been considered a death sentence.
What is the longest someone has lived with Stage 3 pancreatic cancer?
Five of those patients experienced disease progression within the first 3 years after diagnosis. Local tumor bed was the most common site of progression. To date, no patient has survived longer than 10 years and the longest overall survival is 8.6 years.
What is the life expectancy.
What is the #1 cause of pancreatic cancer?
Cigarette smoking (responsible for about 25% of pancreatic cancers) Alcohol abuse. Regular consumption of high dietary fats. Obesity (obese people are about 20% more likely to develop pancreatic cancer than non-obese people)).
Where does pancreatic cancer spread first?
Pancreatic cancers often first spread within the abdomen (belly) and to the liver. They can also spread to the lungs, bone, brain, and other organs.Find IPPB Customer ID, CIF Number, Forgot IPPB Customer ID or CIF number? You can find it on the Passbook. You can also check the Customer Identification Number at net banking, mobile banking, and passbook.
IPPB Bank
IPPB is formerly known as India post Payment bank. It is one of the new generation banks in India. IPPB bank was established on 1st September 2018 where Headquarters is in New Delhi, India. It provides banking and finance services for its customers. It offers various types of savings and personal banking. The user can find numerous options in the official portal at ippbonline.com.
Find CIF/ Customer ID of IPPB Bank
IPPB Customer ID
Customer ID or CIF is a unique number given to every registered individual. The Customer ID (CIF) number is used to login to the IPPB’s Mobile banking. The registered user can access the various online banking services i.e., Account balance enquiry, Transfer funds, Statements and etc. Without CIF or Customer ID you cannot login to mobile banking. If you forgot your IPPB Customer ID or CIF number? Here’s the process you can reset or retrieve easily.
Possible ways to find IPPB Customer ID
If you are looking to find IPPB Customer ID or CIF then here are the possible ways to find out.
- Bank Passbook
- Bank Statement
- Mobile Banking
- Net Banking
- By visiting Branch
- Customer Care
You can choose one of the above methods to find your Customer ID (CIF).
Find IPPB Customer ID by Mobile Banking
If you are already registered to the Mobile Banking service then follow the simple steps to find your Customer ID.
- Open the Playstore app.
- Open the application and login using yoru Mobile Number.
- Now select the Profile Details option.
- Here you can see the Customer ID and CIF number.
Find IPPB Customer ID by Bank Passbook
Passbook consists of all details regarding the customer’s bank account. So, you can find the CIF or Customer ID on the Bank Passbook. If you have the IPPB Bank Passbook then follow the given process.
- First of all take the IPPB Bank passbook.
- Open the bank passbook.
- On the first page, you can see the CIF ID under the Post Office number.
- Note down the CIF ID (Customer ID) for further use.
Get IPPB Customer ID by SMS
The customer can get their customer id by sending SMS to 7738062873. Follow the steps to get your IPPB customer id by sending sms.
- Open SMS app on your mobile phone.
- Type MINI and send it to 7738062873 using your registered mobile number.
- You can get the mini statement details along with the Customer ID.
Find Cust ID in Bank Mini Statement
On every mini statement, you can find your Customer ID (CIF number). Go to the nearest bank or open the Mobile banking application. Login to the app and go to the mini statement section. After that, download the mini statement as PDF. Open the IPPB mini statement. Under the Account number, you can find the Customer ID and CIF Number.
Find Customer ID at IPPB Net Banking
Unfortunately, there is no net banking option provided by the IPPB Bank. Soon, the bank will offer a net banking service. Then, you can check the Customer ID or CIF ID in Net Banking.
- Go to the IPPB Bank official webiste i.e.
- Select the Net Banking option.
- After that, login to your account using mobile number.
- Now open go to the Profile Details.
- Here, you can find the CIF/ Customer ID.
Find Customer ID by Customer Care
If you cannot find your IPPB’s Customer ID/ CIF Number then call customer support. Customer care will assist you to find your customer id. You can talk to the representative to find out your CIF Number easily at home.
IPPB Customer Care 155299
- IPPB Bank Number: 155299
Visit Nearest IPPB Bank
Moreover, you can visit the IPPB Bank to know more about your account details. Go to the nearest IPPB Bank branch along with the passbook. Show your passbook and ask the accountant to find your Customer ID/ CIF. The officer will show you the Customer ID (CIF Number).
You can check these queries:-
- How to know IPPB Bank Customer ID?
- How to Check IPPB Bank Customer ID?
- IPPB Bank Customer ID Kaise Check Kare?
- How to get IPPB Customer ID/ CIF?
FAQ’s about How to Find IPPB Customer ID? IPPB Bank CIF Number
- What is IPPB Customer ID?
IPPB Customer ID is a unique identification number provided to every registered individual. It helps to login to mobile banking and to check account details.
- How can I get IPPB customer id by SMS?
You can get IPPB Customer ID by sending an SMS to 7738062873. Send MINI to 7738062873. Then, you can know your Customer ID.Black Friday 2021 tech deals: Major price drops on Amazon’s popular devices nj.comAmazon Fire tablet Black Friday deals start now with 50% off Laptop MagGet a super smart TV with huge savings on Amazon Fire TV Black Friday deals TechRadar21 Best Early Amazon Black Friday Kitchen Deals 2021 | Food & Wine Food & WineAmazon’s Early Black Friday Sale Has Arrived with 10,000+ Deals — Here Are the 40 Best Starting at $5 Yahoo EntertainmentOn November 15, Trisha and I took an exciting and strenuous hike on Maui: The Waihe’e Crest Trail.
[click to expand map]
Most hikes in Hawaii are rewarding and exciting, and this is no exception. It’s 2.5 miles straight uphill. At the end you turn around and come back down. The uphill part is a serious cardiovascular workout. The downhill is a slip and slide adventure.
First you have to find the trailhead. As is typical for finding hikes in Hawaii, no matter how well advertised a hike may be in a book, if you miss some minor and critical detail of the description on how to get to the trail, you can miss the entire thing. This holds true with the Waihe’e Crest Trail.
Go north on Highway 340 out of Kahului until you get to the Waihe’e Elementary School and clock exactly 2.5 miles.
You will see the Mendes Ranch gates in front of you (red arrow). This is a major gate and you can’t miss it. Look to your left and you will see a small road leading up the mountain toward the boy scout camp (green arrow). Take that road. You can’t miss the parking lot, and once there, the trail is well signed.
The trail initially starts on a steep little concrete road, and you’ll feel like you’re being weeded out. You will hate the trail from the first two minutes on. It’s a very strenuous and steep climb. At the end of the concrete path the woods start. It’s very wet. I wished I had brought my poles, not so much for the way up, as for the way back down. I fell five times, my boots simply slipping out from under me. Fortunately I didn’t hurt my wrists seriously.
Looking back down over my left shoulder I often had a great view of the bay north of Maui. At the tip of the bay is Kahului, the main city on the island and its airport. In the background the massive, 10,000 foot Haleakala volcano.
In the lower section, the trail goes through woods.
Dueling cameras. Are we there yet?
Like most hikes in Hawaii, this one goes through lush jungle and impenetrable weeds. Without a trail there would be no way to get there. Since it is a ridge trail, sometimes you can look down on both sides hundreds of feet. Do not slip here, I kept telling myself.
To the left and forward are the peaks of the East Maui mountains, always shrouded in mist.
Spectacular views and dramatic ridges characterize this trail. Here is a gate through a barbed-wire fence to keep cattle, with a tight squeeze for hikers to get through.
It seems like it never ends, even though it’s only 2.5 miles one way, and then suddenly you are there. The end of the trail is almost anticlimactic. There is a picnic table, and no way to go further in any direction. A sign warns “end of trail” and looking on confirms to me that it’s wise to turn around at this point, lest we will never be seen again.
The Waihe’e Crest Trail is a great day hike on Maui that I highly recommend.The CBV is more than just for your edc life style, boasting 3d milled vents on the complete front of your Glock 17/19/26/34 giving you the looks of that 68 fastback you always wanted. They may look fancy, but they double as cocking serrations, giving you plenty of purchase room!
STEP 1:
Click on the Work Order Form and fill out the form.You may find yourself replaying it over and over in your mind and becoming really self-critical. It might even put you off applying for other roles. It’s easy to lose perspective, but by thinking objectively, you can use the experience to learn and develop so that you are successful the next time round.
First of all, you were invited for an interview in the first place. That means you are employable and that you delivered a strong application. The rejection you experienced might have come down to the fact that the company already had a strong candidate in mind and that the interview was a legal formality, or perhaps another candidate simply had more experience than you. While you weren’t successful on this occasion, the chances are you will be on another. If you gave a good interview, take confidence from that and bear in mind that it probably wasn’t the right fit for you.
It can be painful to hear the reasons why you didn’t get the job, but it’s worthwhile asking the hiring manager or HR officer for feedback. It might be that you’re repeating the same mistakes in every interview. If so, changing something small could be the key to getting the next role you apply for. Maybe you weren’t dressed smartly enough or didn’t give enough eye contact, for example. Alternatively, it might be that you didn’t have sufficient experience or failed a test you were set. If that’s the case, you may want to undertake some additional training to get over these hurdles. Try not to take any feedback personally; instead, learn from your mistakes, try to put them right and keep applying for new opportunities.
It probably won’t be long before you’re invited for another interview, so use the time to prepare yourself. Updating your interview wardrobe or practising your answers with a friend might give you a confidence boost. The more knowledgeable you are about your chosen sector or role, the more likely you are to get a foot in the door. Spend time researching key companies and stay up to date with important industry developments. Use social media to demonstrate your interest and commitment to the sector, as well as keeping an eye out for suitable vacancies. If you need to gain more skills or experience, find out what training opportunities are available or take on some voluntary work that will help in your development.
If you keep getting knocked back and you’ve done all of the above, you’re probably feeling pretty low. It can seriously affect your confidence and motivation if the answer is no again and again. But as they say, “You have to be in it to win it.” Sitting around feeling sorry for yourself won’t get you the job you want. Stay focused on your job search, ask for support if it’s needed, concentrate on looking after yourself and build fun things into your day so that it’s not all doom and gloom. You’ll be glad you did once you finally receive the job offer you’ve been waiting for. - Organic Coconut Oil (425 g)
Coconut Oil is a source of healthy fats, and is beneficial for the maintenance of your pets good health. It is also an excellent carrier for our powdered supplements.
Ingredients: Organic Virgin Cold Pressed Coconut Oil.
© 2021 Growlies Pet Foods
| All Rights Reservered(Note: This is the continuation of my post Eastern Europe Trip (Spring 2017): Prague.)
The Western world is demise. We will have to see whether Trump will be able to turn the USA around. He’s certainly doing a lot of good work. On the other hand, considering the trajectory Western Europe is on, I am a lot less optimistic as the radical left still dominates public discourse, despite being reviled by large parts of the population. Even if you ignored the economic problems of the Eurozone altogether, you would have to be deluded to not acknowledge the demographic problems we are facing.
No, the issue is not that whiteys don’t have enough children. Automation will make a very large number of jobs superfluous. Thus, a shrinking population would bring some benefits. However, the bigger issue is the rapid influx of illegal immigrants from African and the Middle East. Cry all you want about IQ tests being “racist”, fact of the matter is that Europe has not only been feeding an entirely unproductive underclass of their own. In addition, we opened the floodgates to the third world. Since 2015, roughly two million useless eaters have arrived at our shores. The vast majority of them is unable to compete on the labor market of an advanced economy.
Originally, the left claimed that those people were highly educated and would essentially pay for themselves as their skills were needed. We were told that those tribesmen were “doctors and engineers”. Well, their skills seem to be in areas that aren’t in particularly high demand, e.g. rape, robbery, and aggravated violence. In Germany, 54 (!) out of well over one million had found work in 2016, and 50 of those were employed by the postal service. Thus, they were likely not employed for a role no German would have been willing to take. Sweden took in 163,000 useless eaters. Oh, I shouldn’t be too pessimistic, because less than 500 of them found work. Thus, they are clearly not all useless. The number of imported rapists is likely to be higher than 500, though.
Looking back at history, it is clear to see that once a minority is firmly established, you can’t get rid of them anymore. Germany, for instance, took in a large number of Turks in the 1960s. By now, they are in the third generation, and every generation of them is doing worse than the one before. They don’t even think of integrating themselves. France has similar problems with their black population. But what do you think will be the consequence of having added millions of fighting-age men with limited intellectual facilities? Nothing good.
What we are experiencing is a so-called demographic shift. Already Muslim women outbreed Whites. Extrapolate this phenomenon over a few decades, and it’ll be clear what will happen. Places like Brussels or Berlin are already complete shitholes. I visited Vienna recently. There, the innermost district is nice and clean and white, but venture out just a little bit, and you’ll see hordes of dark-skinned foreigners. Imagine what will happen once there is no district left you could move to!
If you don’t want to take the admittedly difficult step of moving to Asia, say to Beijing or Hong Kong, which are certainly options for highly-qualified Westerners, then Eastern Europe may be an interesting alternative. A big benefit of the three cities we visited is that they have not adopted the Euro, which is a currency that is doomed to fail. Thus, they stand a good chance of surviving the collapse of the EU relatively unscathed.
So, where to? If you have realized that the West is done, then exploring Eastern Europe should be a high priority for you. In case it’s not obvious, the women there are a lot more attractive, physically and behaviorally, than Western whores too. Get some skills that allow you to make a living abroad, learn a language, and off you go! Work for a couple of years somewhere in the West, build up a nest egg, and then leave before everything falls apart. We whiteys are already getting slaughtered in the streets, so better take this seriously!
13 thoughts on “Eastern Europe Trip (Spring 2017): Summary”
Good for you, i hope your plans to move suceed. If more rightwing ppl move to eastern europe, western europe will move to the left as politics is hereditary. So rightwingers can have their rightwing utopias in eastern europe and leftwingers can have their leftwing utopias in western europe. Conflict avoided! Im happy that i thought of this solution to avoid the gloom and doomben predicted. Lets see which utopia wins!
Good luck selling that idea to the masses. What are you going to tell them? Hi my name is Jon. I know i just moved here but i have a great idea. Will all the people who don’t agree with my communistic world view please be so kind to leave your own country. We migrants would like to have a leftwing utopia. I’m afraid your not welcome here anymore in the countries your ancestors build. Maybe you can all fuck off to eastern europe?
TIP: Make sure you have good running shoes and a escape plan when you tell them.
Jon
How would you feel if the chinese people would have to leave china because foreign people took it over. And everything chinese was replaced with something from a other culture? Wouldn’t you feel sad? Dont you feel that maybe you should try to behave respectful when you enter somebody else’s country? That maybe you owe it to the people who already live there?
American here, two questions:
What is the “good work” that Trump has done?
Will Eastern Europe succumb to the same issues as Western Europe? Why or Why Not?
Thanks
Have you read my posts or just the headlines?
Sounds like you’re quite seriously considering your own eurexodus. Anyway — if you haven’t seen this, you’ll enjoy it:
I read this post. Do I need to read 20 to find the answer?
You better return to BuzzFeed because you clearly lack the intellectual ability to critical engage with my work.
Heres another reason to move abroad to your rightwing utopia. Eastern europe poland in particular will become first world in the next decade. Its nyt so you know its true. The only problem is
That they are authoritarian. Oppress dissidents and refuseto accept refugees. Also they have support for 2+ children per family i guess to make the birthrate higher. Its populism which is bad. So maybe you want to stay in the liberal west instead.?
Look up maps that visualize the number of terror incidents in Europe. Then try to find Poland on it. Hint: it’s that country without any incidents. Use your brain to explain this.
Jon: most rightwing people dont believe in the possibility of a utopia. The utopia fantasy is more a thing for lefty’s. Rightwing utopia isn’t really a thing. In a more rightwing society everyone is responsible for his own life. If you work hard and you’re successful you will have a good life. If you dont work, you wont have much. The previous Polish government already took 1000 migrants. They all left voluntarily to germany because the benefits are low in Poland. They like western Europe because they get a lot of money here. This money comes from the native people. Who now take even less children because they dont have that much money anymore. They work hard to make money. Than the government takes it from them and gives it to the migrants. The idea of the social system was to support the native hard working people. Not to give migrants everything for free.
Somehow all governments who refuse the globalist agenda of filling the rich western countries with Muslim refugees or are friendly with the Trump administration get accused of authoritarianism.
I smell fish.Health & Safety
“Families living at or below the poverty line struggle to meet daily needs. Most often the choice of food’s nutritional content is outweighed by what is convenient and inexpensive.”
Women 4 Women is committed to education on issues that directly impact a woman’s economic self-sufficiency. One of those issues is a commitment to educating women on making healthy choices for themselves and their family.
Benchmark II research shows families living at or below the poverty line struggle to meet daily needs. Most often the choice of food’s nutritional content is outweighed by what is convenient and inexpensive. A family’s food choices are directly related to their overall health. Since statistics in this report also show a struggle with the cost of health care for women and their families, it’s important families become educated on the right types of foods to eat to maintain a healthy lifestyle.
New Health Report Released
The Greater Louisville Project has released a report that assesses the health of Louisville compared with the 14 cities that have long served as its competitive peers. It identifies our community's most challenging health factors, including low educational attainment, unemployment, high rates of smoking and obesity, low access to primary care and poor air quality. The report also highlights the disparity amount our neighborhoods. Download the full report here.
That was an uncharacteristically bad loss for the Bills. The Bills have smashed inferior opponents all season, but they lost 9-6 in a bizarre game Sunday to the hapless Jacksonville Jaguars, who improve to just 2-6 on the season.
The Bills outscored the Dolphins 61-11 in their two games against them this season and beat the Texans 40-0 a few weeks. It wasn’t unfair for people to assume the same would happen in a game against the Jaguars, who might fire their head coach after just one season with the team.
Josh Allen and the Bills offense only average 4.6 yards per play in this game, a far fall from their season average of 5.8 yards per play — and this was against a team that has been giving up a whopping 6.1 yards per play this season. The Bills defense, which has established itself as one of the premier defenses in the league, held their own and limited the Jaguars to 3.8 yards per play.
Sunday was the perfect storm of mistakes for the Bills to end up losing to one of the worst teams in the league. Even good teams can lose to bad teams with a sloppy, turnover-filled performance like the Bills just had.
Negative plays lose football games. Four sacks for 35 lost yards, two ugly interceptions and another fumble for Allen doomed the Bills’ offense and made it difficult for them to sustain meaningful drives. Pair that with their running backs’ inability to gain yards against the Jaguars’ stout run defense and the game fell all on Allen’s shoulders — and he was simply off of his game against the Jaguars.
As the Bills and their fans move forward from this loss, they should be concerned, but not totally out on the team’s chances to win the first Super Bowl in franchise history.
This is still one of the best defenses in the league and one abysmal performance by the offense shouldn’t get people going in a panic. It’s hard to count on this many poor turnovers happening each week for a team that we know is good and has proven to be good this year. It’s fair to question the competition that the Bills have faced, but for the most part, they’ve been able to easily overcome their opponents when they have a massive talent advantage.
One loss against the Jaguars definitely hurts, but this isn’t an insurmountable hurdle for the Bills to face.
If there is one area for the Bills to be concerned about after this loss, it’s the offensive line. The Jaguars don’t have some overwhelming or feared pass rush. Coming into the game, the Jaguars ranked just 27th in sack rate, getting a sack on 4.6% of their opponents’ non-scramble dropbacks according to Pro Football Reference. They were able to take Allen down on 7.8% of his non-scramble dropbacks in the upset.
Buffalo’s offensive line is going to need to play better if they want to cash in on their Lombardi dreams, but it’s also important to note that this offense hasn’t given up many sacks in general this year. The Bills only allowed a sack on 2.8% of their non-scramble dropbacks this year, tied for first in the league with the Rams.
This game could just be a blip on the radar for one of the better teams in the league. Not to throw away an entire result in a season with small sample sizes, but this game was so atypical for the Bills offense that they should be able to brush this one off and keep chugging through the season.
Congrats to the Jaguars though, that one had to feel good.SongPlay on Napster
Song
Songs
- 1.
- 2.
- 3.
- 4.
- 5.
- 6.
- 7.
- 8.
- 9.
- 10.Band 5 Static MSK Physiotherapist
Static Band 5 MSK PhysiotherapistFulltime / Part time / Bank
Interested in this role? You can find all the relevant information in the description below.
Are you interested in a permanent static Band 5 MUSCULOSKELTAL PHYSIOTHERAPIST role in one of our Physiotherapy out-patient teams at University Hospitals of Leicester NHS Trust?
We have exciting vacancies for static Band 5 Physiotherapist to join our 3 Musculoskeletal Out-patients teams. The posts will be based in one of our out-patient te…Hugh J. Zentmyer is Executive Vice President of ITW. Mr. Zentmyer oversees seven business groups, which include Coding and Sealing Systems, ITW Static Control, Air Products & Machined Components, Contamination Control, Finishing Systems, Valeron, Quality Measurement Division, and Instron.
He joined Signode Corporation (acquired by ITW) in 1968 and held a variety of accounting positions and served as Vice President of Finance for the Strapping Division. When ITW acquired Signode 1986, Mr. Zentmyer transferred into operations management. He has been Executive Vice President for 11 years.
Mr. Zentmyer earned his B.S. degree from the University of Cincinnati and a Master in Business Administration (MBA) from Xavier University of Cincinnati. He serves on the boards of the Marmon Group and St. Patrick’s High School.Introduction
Contrary to popular belief, biotechnology has been around for a while. The idea encompasses a wide range of procedures for modifying all forms of living organisms for human use. Early forms of biotechnology date back to the domestication of animals and the cultivation of plants where improvements were made through breeding programs and the implementation of artificial selection and hybridization. In the past forty years with the discovery of recombinant DNA technology, biotechnology in the form of genetic engineering has become more advanced than ever before. For the first time in history, genetic engineering (GE) is not limited to species or cultivar, but across all genomes. This paper will attempt to discuss biotechnology from an agricultural perspective, and what implications it may have on the future of food systems and the perseverance of Homo sapiens.
Current statistics reveal that one sixth of the world’s population does not have enough food to sustain a productive life. Though some will say this has to do with food speculators, corruption, and global trade, others will say that our agriculture production systems must be improved through GE. Whether an agreement is made on how to solve the problem or not, most people can agree that proper nutrition outweighs medical intervention and through translational agriculture sciences, solutions can be reached.
Agriculture Revolution: starvation ended or growth enabled?
In general the concept of agriculture has only been around 10,000 years or so (others may argue less), and is one of the most famous cultural revolutions. According to Vavilov throughout those 10,000 years food had eight centers of origin; however, these origins were different then the location of the crops’ actual genetic diversification. In short, the location of domestication was much different then the origin. As domestication occurred, the germplasm, or genetic base of a particular crop, began to grow and develop. New landraces, or traditionally selected cultivars, were created and humans continued to expand gene pools up into the 20th century when a second revolution occurred.
Norman Borlaug, the father of the Green Revolution, is hailed for his improved wheat varieties that supposedly saved 1 billion people from starvation. A plant pathologist/agronomist, Borlaug’s hybrid varieties were planted all over the world. More importantly the concept of hybridization and improved varieties was planted all over the world, and this is when the idea of biotechnology really grew (pun intended). With a tripled food supply in the last thirty years and almost tripled population growth; biotechnology would appear to be a blessing. To understand this better a bit of genetics must be reviewed.
Genetic basics: a deep understanding is paramount
In a nutshell genetic engineering is the addition of a desired gene, in a noncoding locus on the chromosome, to produce a desired phenotype. Some individuals are heterozygous, meaning a different allele at the same locus, whereas others are homozygous, or the same allele at the same locus. Often times homozygous individuals will have more success being engineered, because the genes for the trait are the same. New traits can arise from a mutation, and when successfully and permanently incorporated into the genome, or the entire genetic material in a chromosome set, natural selection has occurred. Mutations should not be confused with polymorphisms, such as eye color, which are the coexistence of two or more common phenotypes for the same genotype. Mutations are essentially nature’s form of GE, and their concept played a major roll in the discovery of recombinant DNA technology in 1972. Recombinant DNA themed research continued to advance, with multi-billion dollar companies involved in research, and in 1982 insulin, the first GE product was marketed; world food crops would soon follow.
To modify the phenotype of an individual, a person must have a strong understanding of genetics. It is one thing to successfully place a foreign gene into a chromosome and produce a phenotype; it is another thing to have an individual successfully pass the gene, and subsequent phenotype, onto its offspring. This is why understanding the genetics side of reproduction is so important. In meiosis when chromosomes are reduced from diploid to haploid, a process known as independent assortment (IA) occurs. IA is the process of random segregation and assortment of chromosomes during gametogenesis, which results in genetically unique gametes. During meiosis, a number of genetic ‘phenomena’ can occur such as crossing over or recombination, which result in a segment from one chromatid swapping locations with the same segment on the other chromatid. This leads to a crossover chromosome. The take home message here is during gametogenesis and meiosis; a certain gene assortment will take place. Not all genes from the GE parent will end up in the offspring, and a selection process to find the ‘modified’ individuals will need to occur. So where does this all begin?
DNA: structural & functional approaches
All organisms have trillions of cells that make up their body. With exception to a few organisms, each eukaryotic cell contains a nucleus with identical complements of chromosomes, each chromosome is one long DNA molecule, and the ‘functional’ regions are known as genes. At this point in history, studies will indicate that genes are transcribed to an RNA transcript, which are later packaged by nuclear proteins to leave the nucleus through a pore. After entering the cytosol, mRNA, in simplified terms, makes it way to the ribosome where it is ‘translated’ into an amino acid polymer known as a protein. There are dozens of regulatory steps along the way that could easily take up a lifetime of research and not a day spent outside of the lab.
Though the process is heavily regulated and monitored, mutations do occur. If the mutation does not lead to cancer, apoptosis (programmed cell death), or another negative outcome, the new mutation is now apart of the genome and has the potential to be passed along during reproduction. This process, whether spontaneous or induced, is known as forward genetics, where a phenotype leads to a change in the DNA. The antithesis to this process is reverse genetics, where a specific change is introduced into a specific gene. This is useful if there is no known phenotype to look for, or if genetic engineering is the goal. So how exactly is DNA created and replicated?
Before understanding replication, a few enzymes must be mentioned. DNA polymerase uses a DNA template to synthesize a DNA strand, RNA polymerase uses a DNA template to synthesize an RNA strand (transcription), and reverse transcriptase, commonly in viruses, uses an RNA strand to synthesize a DNA strand. These processes are also in need of other regulatory enzymes and proteins such as ligases or histones to repair and package the chromosome. Though the process functions quite well, there are always mistakes. Some mistakes are harmful to the cell and others will simply create a change in phenotype. One example of this is a single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP). While DNA polymerase is working hard in the replication bubble, or ‘split’ duplicating region of the chromosome, it may accidently swap a single nucleotide basepare; for example, T & A instead of C & G. Though this only results in a one-basepare difference between chromosomes, the resulting change in sequence can give rise to a completely different phenotype.
Genomes: parameters & practicality
Before anyone begins modifying the genes of an individual, taking a look at the bigger picture will be helpful helpful. Again, the genome is the total genetic content, coding or non-coding, contained in a haploid set of chromosomes. This is true for eukaryotes, however for bacteria the genome refers to a single chromosome and for viruses, simply the DNA or RNA. Understanding the genome has a number of practical applications such as geographical variation based on evolution, species relationships, gene expression analysis, cDNA libraries, linkage maps, and recombination distance estimates for better GE success rates. To understand and speak about a genome, a few parameters must be used. The C-value, is expressed as the content of DNA per haploid set of chromosomes. This value is expressed in Picograms (pg or Gram x 10-12), which can later be expressed in a base pair number. Base pairs are the linkage between two nitrogenous bases (A & T, C & G) on complimentary DNA; there are kilobasepairs (Kpb), megabasepairs (Mbp), and Gigabasepairs (Gbp), each of which are a 1000x the previous. The number of basepairs can be expressed as the mass in pg x 0.978 x 109. Aren’t you glad someone else figured that out?
Now that a language has been created, a successful dialogue can take place and genomes can be better understood. This is referred to as genomics, or the study of the entire DNA sequence in an organism. There are a number of different “omics”, but fort the purpose of this paper the focus will be the genome. Plant genomes are often broken down by monocot or dicot and gymnosperm or angiosperm. These can range anywhere from 0.06pg (G. margaretae) to 153pg (P. japonica). Animal genomes are a little more complicated. Initially broken down by phylum, and later by family, animal genomes range in size from 0.02pg (plant-parasitic nematode) to 133pg (marbled lungfish). By understanding the size of the genome, what genes are where, and which sequences are introns (non coding) or exons (coding), strategies for genetic engineering can be formulated and implemented.
Until the advent of flow cytometry (FC) in the 1960’s, genome size estimation was relatively non-existent. BD Biosciences sponsored a broadcast Feb. 1, 2012, on how their new cytometer enables rapid determination of eukaryotic genome size and cell type-specific gene expression. In genetics FC is a technique used to count and examine microscopic particles, in this case chromosomes, by suspending them in a stream of fluid, blasting them with a laser until they excite and give off a wavelength of energy. Electronic detection devices pick up the wavelength, which can later be analyzed on a print out in the form of a peak. Today this technology is the basis of genome research such as genome size measurements, ploidy screening, characterization of unsuspected phenomena such as endoreduplication, as well as molecular and cellular biology of the nucleus. GE strategies begin with genome projects and if it weren’t for these new forms of FC some projects may never be completed.
Complexity of the Genome: chromatin, gene pyramiding, & synthetic chromosomes
At this point it is clear that even though a gene has found its way into a particular chromosome, the process of turning that into a viable individual can be very difficult due to the multiple areas of potential error or the many locations the gene could end up within the genome. As stated earlier, the genome contains multiple chromosomes, each of which possesses two types of chromatin, the combination of DNA and proteins within the nucleus. Chromatin is organized into two regions, euchromatin is loosely packaged and heterochromatin is densely packed. Due to the less dense nature of chromatin it is considered genetically active, and most proteins are transcribed and translated from these regions. Heterochromatin on the other hand, is broken down into two groups: ‘constitutive’ contains repetitive sequences containing mainly “junk” DNA and transposons (sequences of DNA with the ability of excising themselves from the chromosome and reinserting themselves in a new loci); whereas, ‘facultative’ is comprised of transcriptionally active or inactive regions such as the silenced X chromosome in mammals. These two types of chromatin are wound tightly around histone proteins, ultimately determining their conformation and affecting gene expression. Understanding this is paramount for GE. Different patterns of histone modification could change regulatory signals resulting in different processes such as replication, transcription or DNA repair taking place.
Gene pyramiding is a technique used to “stack” genes located at different loci on the chromosome with the ultimate goal being the accumulation of genes that have been identified in multiple parents into a single genotype. One way this is achieved is through the slow and error-laden process known as backcrossing, process of crossing a hybrid with one of its parents to achieve a genetic identity closer to the parent. This depends on a few variables such as the number of genes to be transferred, the distance between the target genes and markers, as well as the nature of the germplasm.
As mentioned earlier, the success of this can be determined by the level of gene density and whether or not the sequences are tandem or interspersed. Another method of gene pyramiding is the insertion of a manufactured chromosome into the nucleus. This process uses a tiny chromosome discovered in maize known as the B-chromosome. Scientists can insert as many genes as needed into the modified B-chromosome. This chromosome serves as a vector that can deliver multiple genes known as a gene stack. This is much faster then inserting one gene at a time, and the benefits are reliable inheritance through multiple generations, highly predictable gene expression, and a stable DNA structure. With the technology in place to deliver desired genes,
Centromeres & Telomeres
In general centromeres and telomeres are two essential features to all eukaryotic chromosomes. Each provides a unique function that is absolutely necessary for the stability of the chromosome. Centromeres, are located at the center of the chromosome, and are responsible for the ‘pinched’ look that they all tend to have. They are responsible for the segregation of sister chromatids during meiosis and mitosis. Telomeres provide terminal stability to the chromosome and ensure its survival. Other than stability why do these sequences really matter? They matter because they contain repeat sequences that help create the ‘map’ of the chromosome. The ultimate goal is to map or ‘fingerprint’ the genes on the chromosome, which leads to a deeper understanding and better decision-making. This is where tandem repeats come in.
Fingerprinting & Tandem Repeats: mapping out the chromosome
The first type of DNA fingerprinting (FP) is known as ‘single locus’. This form implements a specific probe or specific PCR primers. This is used when the single loci are known and the ultimate result is a DNA genotype. The other form is known as ‘multilocus’ where polymorphisms at multiple loci are identified simultaneously. The first type of ‘multilocus’ FP involves a mixture of single locus probes; whereas, the second uses a single probe that identifies multiple similar sequence polymorphisms. This form is detecting unidentified fragments of DNA, thus the result is a DNA phenotype, not to be confused with genotype. Each method is useful in certain applications, and there are number of repeat sequences that can be taken advantage of.
Variable nucleotide tandem repeats (VNTRs), also known as Minisatellite DNA, are non-coding sequences composed of arrays of short repeats (2-6 bp). Arrays range from 10 – 100+ bp. They are variable number sequences at different chromosomal positions and do not exist in every individual of a species. This method is highly polymorphic, producing a large number of different-sized fragments making it useful as a polymorphic marker in fingerprinting. The products can be amplified by PCR and labeled for easy identification. Repeats can also be harmful. If the copy number of the repeat increases to high, for instance 50 AGCs vs. 15 AGCs, some harmful genetic disorders can result, such as Fragile X syndrome. This issue is compounded over generation because the repeats can expand as they are passed down from parent to child. Good or bad, the discovery of VNTRs opened the door for multiple genetic applications.
Transposable Elements: mystery or miracle?
Transposable Elements (TEs) are unique sequences of DNA that have the ability to excise from the chromosome and reinsert in a new location. Like tandem repeat sequences, (TEs) are sequences located in all genomes. They range in size from 50bp-10kb, and have played a role in mutations, natural selection, and evolution as a whole. Each TE has its own ‘instruction’ for transposition, the term referring to excision and reinsertion. Once excised, the transposon relies on enzymes for insertion. Bacteria use transposase, and eukaryotes have reverse transcriptase (Class 1) and transposase (Class 2). Overall there are two types of TEs: Autonomous, capable of self-transposition and Nonautonomous who transpose only in the presence of autonomous elements. Autonomous elements code for their ‘own’ reverse transcriptase or transposase, which enables the transposition of themselves and related non-autonomous elements through an RNA intermediate.
Most TEs are flanked by repeating sequences, making them easy to identify and label. Class 1 are known as retrotransposons, and there are those with Long terminal repeats (LTR) and non-LTR labeled LINEs and SINEs. Class II are DNA transposons and there is also a Class III. TEs are labeled by discovery, species, function, or phenotypic effect. When these elements are transpositioned, they can cause a fully or partially active allele, or a variant or defective allele. If this occurs before cell division, the subsequent tissue will contain the mutation, whereas the previous cell line will not. This is incredibly useful for gene identification.
Transposon tagging uses the DNA of TEs for transformation. Since TEs have known sequences and methods, they can be implemented by transpositioning themselves at certain sequences within the chromosome. This helps manipulate or better understand gene expression, recombination, genome rearrangements and break repairs. A good example of this is the Sleeping Beauty transposon (SB). It is used in insertional mutagenesis as a ‘knockout’ transposon. This TE can essentially silence an unknown gene of choice, ultimately identifying the phenotype it is responsible for. TEs are also used to insert sequences into the plasmid of a bacteria. This is the basis of GE and when a desired gene is inserted into the plasmid of a bacterial cell, that new gene is one step closer to modifying the phenotype of a new individual.
Now that a basic language has been created, Part II will begin to tell the story of how genetic engineering is actually implemented, and final conclusions will be drawn.!Peperomia is a perennial plant, small in size, primarily valued for its foliage and easy cultivation.
Peperomia Rosso is a variety originally from Bolivia that is very attractive due to its leaves’ intense red color.
The leaves have a pointed shape and a dark green color at the top.
The flowers appear as elegant whitish spikes that stand out on the dark foliage.
The flowers are generally yellow, cream or white, very small and usually grouped, forming upright spikes that look like a mouse’s tail.
You may like: Crassula Buddha’s Temple
Peperomia ‘Rosso’ Care
Illumination:
Peperomia ‘Rosso’ prefers shady places, which makes it very suitable for indoors. Ideally, place it as close to a window as possible, but avoiding direct sunlight.
Substratum:
The suitable substrate will be a mixture of ¾ potting soil and ¼ coarse sand or another element that benefits good drainage, such as Perlite and Vermiculite.
If peperomia rosso are grown in pots, good drainage is essential. The holes at the base of these containers must not be blocked.
To allow excess water to drain well, a layer of expanded clay balls or large stones most be placed at the bottom of the pot.
With a honeycomb appearance, these foam balls isolate the substrate from standing water and prevent the plant from rotting.
Watering:
Irrigation must be controlled. In spring and summer, you will water only when the substrate is dry, and in winter, you will lower the frequency of watering.
Peperomias do not need much watering, and as with other plants, they will recover better from their lack of watering, than from excess watering.
If you don’t know when to water your plant, you should look at the substrate and make sure that it is completely dry. To check it, just insert your finger or a stick in the middle of the substrate, if it’s dry, you should water the plant.
Temperature:
It grows very well in cold or warm climates but is very susceptible to temperatures below 13 ºC/55°F.
Temperatures that exceed 38⁰C/100°F can damage your plant by causing dehydration.
If the temperatures are kept between 16ºC/60°F and 24ºC/75°F for a long time, the growth will slow down.
Fertilizer:
During spring and summer, fertilize the plant every three weeks with a liquid fertilizer to be diluted in the water, making sure to read the product instructions.
During the other seasons, fertilizing must be suspended.
Use a good fertilizer that not only contains macronutrients: nitrogen (N), phosphorus (P) and potassium (K), but also the so-called micronutrients, equally important for the growth of the plant, that is, iron (Fe), the manganese (Mn), copper (Cu), zinc (Zn), boron (B), molybdenum (Mo).
Another alternative is to make your own fertilizers for your peperomia ‘rosso’.
For example
Wooden ash:
Making wood ash can promote the ripening of various plants’ flowers and fruits. Wood ash haves potassium and phosphorus, both necessary for the enrichment of the soil.
Besides helping the plant to flourish and providing potassium and phosphorous, wood ash helps protect your peperomia ‘rosso’ from ants and other types of pests.
You should only avoid using this fertilizer if the substrate is acidic, as the wood ash alters the soil’s pH.
Instructions on how to do it:
Take a good amount of wood ash and dilute it in water.
Next, spread over the plants.
Note: make sure the ashes you use are not compromised with polluting elements or heavy metals. These types of elements can ruin the garden.
Banana peel:
One of the best organic compost you can use is banana peel; its potassium content is excellent for plants.
Potassium is an essential mineral for plants, as is nitrogen. Macronutrient helps photosynthesis and build resistant tissues.
Also, it helps to re-energize succulents when they decrease their flowering or acquire a cloudy appearance.
You can make a tea with the peel of the banana and add it to the substrate.
Instructions:
Start by cutting the bananas and boil them in a pot of water for 15
minutes.After the water has cooled.
Spray the compost around the plant.
Apple vinegar:
Vinegar helps the plant maintain a good condition and prevents its leaves from taking a burned appearance.
Instructions:
Add a tablespoon of apple cider vinegar to the water for watering the plants and use it as usual.
You can apply once a month.
Eggshell:
Eggshells have high doses of calcium, which is good because it prevents rot in plants.
It is also an ecological, economical, and very easy to make fertilizer.
Instructions:
Crush several eggshells and insert them into the bottom of your plantations.
You can put the eggshells in the sun to dry before crushing them. This will help it become a fine powder.
Then, apply the powder around the plant.
Iron nails:
To provide a good dose of iron, you only need a few iron nails, what you have to do, is to put the nails in the soil where the succulent is planted.
As you water, the iron will begin to release. A simple formula so that plants do not lack iron and grow strong
Propagation:
Peperomia can be cultivated in two ways, by seeds or by cuttings. Both methods are fast and straightforward and allow the roots of the plant to spread quickly.
If you are going to plant by cuttings, cut a branch or stem and place it in a pot with wet sand for an hour or two. When the roots emerge, you can transplant it to a larger pot or to the final soil.
If you prefer to do it by seeds, first water the space you want it to grow in and make sure it has good drainage.
Consider that the peperomia should not receive the sun directly.
It’s recommended to locate the plant in places where the temperatures do not exceed 21 degrees Celsius/69°F.
The soil must be humid, but not waterlogged, to avoid the appearance of fungi. On hot days, spray the leaves to keep them fresh. But don’t overdo it.
It is not necessary to apply filtered water; this could cause white marks that tarnish the plant..
Diseases:
The pathologies that we can find in the Peperomia are the following:
The plant grows little, the leaves wilt and fall easily:
This could be caused by overwatering.
Remedy: Quickly dry the substrate, check the roots and wherever there are rotten roots, remove them, and treat the surface with a broad spectrum fungicidal powder.
After transplanting, regulate the irrigation better, remembering that it’s better to go dry than overwater.
The leaves discolor and lose veins:
This symptomatology must be attributed to too little light. Remedy: place the plant in a brighter position but not in direct sunlight.
Roots are rot:
This could be caused by over-fertilizing.
Remedy: immediately suspend the fertilizers and irrigate abundantly with distilled water so that the soil is cleaned or transplanted with a new substrate and for next time be careful with the fertilizer.
Small spots on the underside of the leaves:
The spots on the underside of the leaves could mean the presence of the cottony mealybug. To be sure, we suggest using a magnifying glass and observing.
They are characterized by having a kind of protective shield, cottony white.
If you try to remove them with a fingernail, they come out easily. This are very harmful insects.
Remedy: remove them with a cotton dipped in alcohol. If the treatment does not work, you will have to use a specific insecticide.
The leaves are dyed yellow:
After these manifestations, the leaves curl and assume an almost dusty appearance and fall.
When looking at the plant carefully, and you notice a cobweb, you are most likely in the presence of an attack by mites or spider mites, a very annoying and harmful insect.
Remedy: increase the watering the lack of humidity favors their development and, eventually, only in the case of particularly severe infestations, use specific chemical products.
If your succulent is not too big, you can also try cleaning the leaves to mechanically remove the parasite using a soapy, wet cotton flake.
Afterward, the plant must be thoroughly rinsed to remove all soap.
Transplant:
The Peperomia is transplanted practically every year, in spring, using a good fertile substrate mixed with peat and a little sand to favor the drainage of the watering.
Upgrade the pots until the plant is fully grown, meaning each pot most be bigger than before.
Then each year, the surface layer of the substrate is removed and replaced with a fresh substrate.
It is preferable to use terracotta because, being a porous material, it allows the soil to transpire and, therefore, correct eventual irrigation errors.Brother MFC-J6535DW Driver Download
Brother MFC-J6535DW Driver Download. Brother printer model Brother MFC-J6535DW INKvestment uses a new and innovative cartridge investment system that offers super high printing results which can reduce the biggest printing challenges with relatively inexpensive ink replacement costs when ink is needed. Brother MFC-J6535DW uses this system to help business owners maintain office efficiency while keeping costs low.
This Brother MFC-J6535DW printer uses color-injected ink with a full-featured and powerful all-in-one design. Brother MFC-J6535DW provides flexible print quality and paper handling to meet your unique needs and is equipped with a sheet of paper with a capacity of 250 sheets that can hold 11 inches x 17 inches of paper. Brother MFC-J6535DW is also equipped with a versatile paper tray and flexible to hold 100 sheets and allow you to print card stock or envelopes easily.
Brother MFC-J6535DW The all-in-one color inkjet can also be connected to a wireless network or Wi-Fi Direct, meaning you can connect and send jobs from multiple devices without a router. Brother MFC-J6535DW can also send print jobs from AirPrint, Google Cloud Print, Mopria, Brother iPrint & Scan.
Brother MFC-J6535DW can also measure the level of ink contained in the cartridge, making it easier for you to control when the ink runs out and refill the ink and can order it directly from the official dialer brother. Brother MFC-J6535DW can ensure never run out of ink so that you can maintain office efficiency and If business efficiency with cost reduction is very important Brother MFC-J6535DW Color Inkjet All-in-One is the right solution.
Brother MFC-J6535DW is based on the results of research from each LC3029 black ink cartridge and color substitute and page yield estimates according to ISO / IEC 24711. Brother MFC-J6535DW requires a connection to a wireless network and also requires an internet connection with an active account in the desired service.
To install Brother MFC-J6535W Driver Download? Especially if your printer has been accompanied by an Install CD from where you bought it, you only have to follow the instructions on the Installan CD. Now you don’t need to be confused when connecting Brother MFC-J6535DW Driver Download to PC and laptops.
Thank for Visiting Brother MFC-J6535DW Driver Download, Source : Brother.com
Brother MFC-J6535DW Driver Download
Brother MFC-J6535DW Driver DownloadTotal Items: 0
Sub Total: $0.00
Total Items: 0
Sub Total: $0.00
Your favourite brands. Our expert knowledge.
Adventure is here.
Your favourite brands. Our expert knowledge.
Adventure is here.
Your favourite brands. Our expert knowledge.
Adventure is here.
Total Items: 0
Sub Total: $0.00
OSA Brands distributes products that are world renowned for being high in quality, fit for purpose and rigorously tested by experts. We are a long established, Australian owned, Premium Trek, Travel and Outdoor Company who have been supplying consumers with market leading brands for almost 30 years.
Stay charged and connected the next time you travel overseas with an OSA travel adaptor. With every country and region covered you'll always have the assurance of power to your devices wherever you roam. Check out the range of travel adaptors online now at Wild Earth, Australia's number one premier travel and adventure store and enjoy fast and free shipping, hassle free returns and easy, secure payment methods of After Pay,The vintage print is making a comeback – try it out on your walls, rugs, throws and cushions for a new spin on a classic.
Prints, prints, prints – we can’t seem to get enough of livening up our homes with patterns. It’s a sure-fire way to create some interest – check prints have been updating jugs, cushions and throws and candy stripes sweet enough to be added to any room in the house have also proved popular. Everyone is looking for ways to add a bit of colour to rooms they may be spending in more time in than usual. Often homeware is inspired by vintage treasures and paisley print is one we’re turning to.
With roots originating in India, the classic teardrop shape found in paisley print is used to create intricate designs that are usually associated with a bohemian style home.
Designer Etro – a brand founded back in the 60s – is known for its love of paisley prints mainly on amazing dresses but they’ve filtered it through to home accessories, too. From plates and cushions to bedlinen and throws, the pretty prints can be found everywhere. As a simple way to add interest to any space, paisley print is making a comeback and we’re welcoming it back with our edit of homeware so good, you’ll end up wanting to wallpaper your walls, swap your usual candle and rethink your scatter cushions in favour of paisley print versions.
Scroll down to shop the best paisley print home accessories that’ll add a modern twist to a classic.
You may also like
Best bamboo furniture to shop now (and how to style it)
Best modern paisley print homeware
Sanderson wallpaper
Sanderson wallpaper
Wallpapered walls may be something you associate with more traditional houses can work in the modern home, too. Instead of going all over from floor to ceiling, try decorating a wall cove or a fireplace area as a unique feature wall.
Shop Sanderson cashmere paisley wallpaper at Jane Clayton & Company, £48.95 per roll
Latitude Vive cushion cover
Latitude Vive cushion cover
In navy, mustard and fuschia, this round paisley cushion cover will be the dream addition to an armchair. Use it as the centrepiece to scatter cushions of different shapes and it’ll update your seating area in a flash.
Shop Latitude Vive Trotwood cushion at Wayfair, £20.99
Zara Home throw
Zara Home throw
To keep the vintage appeal, stick to muted colours like this khaki thread blanket from Zara Home. Throw it over the arm of your sofa or lay over your bed to keep you cosy in serious style.
Shop paisley blanket with fringing at Zara Home, £79.99
Retreat Home coasters
Retreat Home coasters
Trouva is packed full of gems from small independent stores and these cutout coasters are one of them. Put the kettle on, we need to try these out, pronto.
Shop Retreat Home set of four paisley coasters at Trouva, £14
Anthropologie wall art
Anthropologie wall art
Investing in a great piece of art can transform a room. This paisley print by artist Ruti Shaashua with golden frame will be the talking point for any guests in the future.
Shop paisley wall art at Anthropologie, £348
La Redoute duvet cover
La Redoute duvet cover
To give a luxe feel to any bedroom, add velvet textures. This soft duvet will not only look amazing, it’ll also make you want to hop in bed even earlier every night. Only problem is, it’ll be tricky to leave it in the morning.
Shop velvet paisley duvet cover at La Redoute, from £90
Etro candle
Etro candle
Nothing completes a room quite like the scent of a luxury candle. Once you use this style designed by Etro, you’ll want to keep it to use as a pot for your trinkets.
Shop Etro Rajasthan Candle at Harvey Nichols, £60
Opening image: La Redoute
All other images: courtesy of brands
Source: Read Full ArticleProfessional Promotions Agency in South Africa
The best way to increase your brand awareness and drive leads.
Is your business goal to drive revenue or launch a new product? Get the right promotions agency to make your dream a reality by promoting your products to the audience. Your brand will have an enthusiastic, professional, and well-trained team of brand ambassadors to assist promote your brand.
Furthermore, we offer a fully functional outsourcing solution that delivers and guarantee the increase of sales and lead results to your brand. In particular, this creates the opportunity for larger budget allocation, as well as a greater return on investment (ROI) to your brand.
Dare us to bring out the personality of your brand and increase its salience. Together with your brand, we create memorable experiences for your consumers, by letting them interact with your brand at the right time and the right place.
The solutions promotions agency offer to your brand
Choose what’s for your business by working with one of the top promotion companies in South Africa.
Trusted Alcohol Promotions Agency in Johannesburg
Any business owner and/or entrepreneur’s business goal is to expand their brand clients, get new customers, and actually solve client problems through their brands. Therefore, an in-store promotions agency provides you with marketing strategies that will make your potential customers take action.
Furthermore, as an alcohol promotions agency, we have outgoing, enthusiastic, and passionate brand ambassadors, who will ensure that your adult beverage brand get the recognition it deserves. As a result, your brand will attract the good attention and get the right people to act as the face of your brand.
Passionate and Energetic Brand Promotional Models
Being in business means you are in a competition with other businesses and you are all fighting for the same audience. Therefore, for your brand to attract and win many people’s attention, you need a proper marketing strategy. In this case, as a promotions agency in Pretoria, we will help your brand connect with your market.
Additionally, we offer your brand alcohol promotions models in Gauteng who will be the voice of your brand and send out your brand message.
How Retail, In-Store, and Event Promotions Benefit Your Brand
Retail promotions benefits
Increase brand awareness
Build sales and profits
Increase customer traffic
In-Store promotions benefits
Building brand awareness
Drive sales and leads
Events promotions benefits
Make valuable connections
Increase traffic and sales
Our promotions company will get your brand the best people to send out your brand’s message to your potential customers. As a result, your brand will have sales promoters who knows how to interact and present your brand.If Congress fails to pass a full-year budget for the Department of Veterans Affairs in the next few months, the funding shortfall would have “serious ramifications” for veterans medical services, according to the department’s secretary.
“I’m very concerned about a full-year [budget extension], and we’ve communicated that concern to lawmakers, both Republicans and Democrats,” said Secretary Denis McDonough during a press conference on Thursday.
“There will be very serious ramifications for community care. There’ll be very serious ramifications for direct care. I am very concerned about that.”
RELATED
:quality(70)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/mco/GC2KEVUHLVGN7MS7HO22UJNAAI.jpg)
A day earlier, House Appropriations Chair Rosa DeLauro, D-Conn., and the panel’s subcommittee chairs released a statement urging Republican colleagues to “come to the table” and help finalize the annual appropriations process in coming weeks.
The group said a lengthy budget extension would be “nothing short of catastrophic” for numerous government agencies.
In September, lawmakers approved a short-term extension of the federal budget until Dec. 3 in order to give them more time to work out funding disputes between the two parties. Lawmakers are expected to do another extension when they return from Thanksgiving recess later this month, since many of those disagreements have not yet been resolved.
That has prompted discussion about simply running all federal operations on fiscal 2021 spending levels throughout fiscal 2022. White House officials have decried as dangerous for a host of defense and domestic priorities, since money for new program starts and expansions would not be made available to government agencies.
The administration has requested a $270 billion budget for Veterans Affairs for fiscal 2022, an increase of almost $30 billion from the current yearlong spending level. Lawmakers also authorize advance appropriations each year for the department, to ensure that any budget disruptions from political infighting does not interrupt VA medical care or benefits delivery.
Members of the House and Senate have offered few objections to the White House’s planned VA budget level, but the agency’s spending is stalled alongside other more complicated issues like defense spending.
RELATED
:quality(70)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/mco/CWGZMUK5VBH7XHFWOTBOEQ5A6Y.jpg)
McDonough said running VA at fiscal 2021 spending levels for all of fiscal 2022 would leave numerous medical care expansion efforts without adequate support at a time when the department is looking to increase health care appointments deferred during the pandemic.
Officials have planned a significant boost in mental health care spending (up 13.5%, to $10.7 billion) and assistance programs for veterans facing homelessness (up 14.5%, to $2.6 billion).
He said that officials are making plans for the possible failure of Congress to adopt a new budget, but did not offer any specifics.
The VA budget has grown significantly over the last two decades. In fiscal 2001, it totaled just $45 billion, roughly one-sixth of the White House request for fiscal 2022..(If you have no idea what I’m talking about, read this ….)
It really wasn’t bad. My friend, Lydia Bishop, set the whole thing up and she sent me the script for the questions ahead of time. So, I knew what was coming.
What happened that day was that the time for the interview coincided with the time of my daughter’s soccer game. Sooo…I had to do it by cell phone. And at the appointed time, I had to excuse myself to the car, so I could actually talk to them. Strange feeling, watching your daughter’s soccer game in front of you, and knowing that at that same moment, your voice is being heard live on the radio, way across the country…
The strangest thing that happened was that about ten minutes into the soccer game, I got stung by a bee. You heard right, a BEE! In late November!!! Got stung right on the neck.
Hadn’t been stung by a bee in years….twenty? I can’t even remember. I’ve never had a bad reaction before to a bee sting, but it’d been so long that what could I actually expect? Heck, my Mom tends to swell up like a balloon, and so I was a little concerned…
Sooo, I rushed home and swigged a ton of Benadryl, just to be safe. And the point of this is that by the time the interview came along, the Benadryl was kicking in, and I was loopy, loopy, loopy…
You can tell it at one point, because I totally lose my ability to speak…I just stumble over the words for a second there. It seemed like an eternity.
So, it wasn’t the best interview ever given.
But, neither was it an ambush, as some of you, my liberal friends, suggested. I pretty much knew it wouldn’t be. I got the sense that the the host of the show might have wanted to turn it that direction. But my friend, Lydia, was good at shooting down the middle.
The interview is up at the Republican Radio site, and you can hear it here .Blackjack odds against the house
Find out the winning blackjack odds and blackjack probabilities of losing and look for ways to change them!
Jul 24, 2015 ·… Blackjack Odds Against House - onlinetopplaycasino.com Next to blackjack played with extreme discipline, this is the best bet youll have in casino. The odds on slot machines are terrible.Blackjack Tips - Understanding House Edge, Blackjack Odds and How to Win In just a few steps you can enhance your gameplay and bet more effectively in blackjack.BLACKJACK ODDS: HOW TO FURTHER REDUCE THE HOUSE EDGE. Blackjack House Edge | Gaming the Odds
Blackjack Rule Differences – How They affect the House Edge ...
Blackjack Odds Against House Blackjack Odds Against House blackjack odds against house Rules of ...Blackjack odds against house - Roulette wheel breakdown Posted on July 12, 2017 by Chris Bailey Asos casio uhr work. moving management their the and more package American outsiders. people what personnel. made across brought of in specific the program take the and save 5 cost ...
Blackjack Tips: Understanding House Edge, Odds & How to Win
The odds involved in blackjack are whether a player will bust or win his bet. You need to first understand, what hands favor a dealer or the houseRather than pitting players against the house, blackjack tournaments start players off with equal chip amounts, and pay out prizes to the top chip... Blackjack House Edge | Gaming the Odds Learn all about house edge in blackjack for different rule and shoe variations.One of the goals of Gaming the Odds is to teach you all about perfect blackjack strategy and to minimize the house edge.The more decks the better. Blackjack pays 6:5. Low deck penetration ( against card counters). House blackjack odds | Games for every taste free&paid
Blackjack - Odds, Strategy & Online Free Play - Odds Shark
Find out the winning blackjack odds and blackjack probabilities of losing and look for ways to change them!Before we take a look at player and dealer blackjack odds, we should consider all the parameters that affectThis rule affects player strategy when playing against dealer up 10 or an Ace. Blackjack Tips: Understanding House Edge, Odds & How to… The game of blackjack has a house edge of 2-3%, if the player isn’t using a strategy. This means that over time, the house is likely to win by a profit margin of 2-3%.However, you can increase your odds against the house in a number of ways when you play blackjack. The Blackjack Odds and the House Advantage The house has an advantage in blackjack simply because the player has to draw first and if he busts, the player automatically losses regardless if the dealer subsequently busts in the same round.Working the house odds to your favor is why most casinos don't let card counters play blackjack. Blackjack Odds and House Advantage Blackjack is a skill game. Though cards are dealt randomly, if you understand the odds, you can reduce the house edge more than other casino games.Successful blackjack players are masters at manipulating the odds to their favor. This is done by basing bet sizes and actions on the cards on the...
Blackjack - What Are the Odds? - Casino-Gambling
BLACKJACK ODDS: 12 AGAINST A DEALER 4. Another hand where your strategy is dependent upon the makeup of the cards is a starting total of 12 against a dealer’s 4 upcard in games with S17. Total-dependent basic strategy states to stand on 12 against a dealer Against House Blackjack Odds Against House. blackjack odds against house Blackjack has the best odds of winning, with a house edge of just 1 percent in most casinos, Bean said. Plus, you are playing against only the dealer, not hooded poker champions. Blackjack Odds & House Advantage - Casino Answers!
- Caesars palace minimum bet blackjack
- Look up free games
- Tuscany suites and casino parking
- News on ny online poker
- Slotocash no deposit bonus codes may 2019
- Slotocash no deposit bonus codes may 2019
- Dh texas poker honor points
- Casino roulette online play
- Things to know about slot machines
- Turning stone casino new york
- Black loutus casino feb 2019 no deposit bonus codes
- What is a rich shoe blackjack
- Club gold no deposit bonus codes 2019
- Poker when to cold call
- Texas holdem starting hand strength
- Blackjack to the nth degree
- Slot machine games for android tablets
- Reveillon casino figueira da foz
- Phil hellmuth black belt poker
- Free slots real prizes
- Famous slot machine at mgm
- Lady gaga poker face tattoo
- Hollywood parks casino poker
- Casino online deposit eu netherlandsYou are watching: Page 174 to kill a mockingbird
About
To kill A Mocking Bird N-word passage / web page 174 describes a section of the standard 1960 novel To kill A Mockingbird through Harper Lee in i beg your pardon various personalities say "n*gger". The novel, i m sorry tackles the subject of racial inequality, is widely check out in American high schools. Online, teens began discussing the awkward situation of having to check out the book aloud in class through mim on Twitter and also Reddit.
Origin
In 1960, Harper Lee released the book To kill a Mockingbird and also since that is release, there have been plenty of parent complaints about the book"s language and also use the the n-word.<4> ~ above January 10th, 2019, Redditor El_Papa_Jackal posted the an initial meme ~ above the subject sharing picture of Thanos come r/Teenagers<1> v the caption, "Reading To kill a mocking Bird in class and also the N native is in your paragraph to read" (shown below). The short article gained over 1,000 clues (99% upvoted) in a year.
See more: Cross My Heart Hope To Die Stick A Needle In My Eye ' Originates?
Spread
On February 13th, 2019, Redditor roblox-game-theory posted a meme to r/PrequelMemes<2> about getting detention for analysis a passage from the book aloud (shown below). The article received end 340 point out (85% upvoted) in a year.
On June 3rd, 2019, Twitter user
Kemdizzzle) June 3, 2019
On may 16th, 2020, Twitter user
doo_diggy<3> to be the first to mention page 74 in particular. Page 174 is collection in the courtroom whereby many characters say the word n*gger. On may 20th, Twitter user
The Kings Bible Society has been committed to getting God’s Word into the Hands, Heads and Hearts of the people.
We seek to fulfill this mission by:
Promoting the regular reading and greater use of God’s Word in daily life; and Providing Bible information and education.
Our services are available to all Christian churches and ministries and to individuals. Scriptures are available, without doctrinal note or interpretive comment, in King James Version and many world languages. We are committed to strengthening the local church, which is the primary agency of God’s work in the world.Student Stories
"In some ways, I feel I was very lucky to face such experiences so young, as it meant that I was given the tools to battle these demons effectively, and I am able to help others to do the same."
This has been a long journey, but as I embark on my law degree at Queen’s, I am coming at the experience with a newfound maturity and sense of self and of purpose.
From as young as I can remember, I have had an all-consuming fear of dying. I was actually rushed to the hospital many times as a young child, whether to ensure that I wasn’t choking or to combat my (phantom) anaphylactic shock. I never had any traumatic experience that I could think of personally to explain these odd thoughts and behaviours, but to get all Freudian, the trauma was certainly there in the deep unconscious and generational remains.
On a less morbid level, I also inherited more generalised anxiety (though neither of my parents would use that terminology). My mom’s side of the family has an abundance of OCD and generalised anxiety and from my dad (and both parents), I inherited and felt compelled to succeed in everything that I did. I must not fail. I was a Hershman-Lloyd after all. I represented my upstanding family with super-lawyer and community leader parents. I had to be both a good person and a great person. Mistakes were certainly allowed, and they happened, but the moral of the story was that you always get back up. You can never ‘quit’. You have to try your best. For me, that turned into a mantra leading to self-destruction.
I always felt that to do that, I needed to achieve things. If I failed in anything, I failed them, and was then unworthy of their love. In fairness to them, they are incredibly loving and very supportive. I was an extremely fortunate child in so many, and a lot of the pressure was certainly self-imposed.
When I was 9, I was in a car accident. It wasn’t a particularly dangerous accident—no one was seriously hurt (except for the car). I was on the way home from school.
My nanny was driving, and I was sitting in the back seat with my brother. It was raining very heavily, and it was very windy. There was traffic and we were essentially stopped. All of a sudden, my brother pointed out the window telling me to look. I turned and saw two police cars spinning in the road. At first, I just was shocked, but then it turned to fear as I saw that the cars were heading right at us, and on my side. I don’t really remember the crash, but I remember that afterwards, the car was filled with smoke (I later learned this was from the airbag). We couldn’t open the doors or take off our seatbelts, and I thought that the car was going to explode. I was so scared. When the firemen came and got us out, I felt fine again and didn’t think much of it for the next couple of weeks.
To my (and everyone else’s) surprise, the accident had the effect of unleashing the beast of anxiety that had always been there in minor ways (and sometimes more major, like being paralysed to sleep for fear that I would be stabbed in my sleep or that my food or drinks had been poisoned). It was now utterly life consuming. Within a month from the accident, I had become completely debilitated by anxiety. I thought it was PTSD, but really, I think it just caused what was already there to become much worse. I was suddenly terrified of death all the time. And I thought that it could come in 1,000 possible ways, from the mundane to the extraordinary. Ordinary life was no longer possible for me. I thought that air was poisonous, so I held my breath when I ventured outside. I thought all exertion would cause a heart attack, so I feared going to the bathroom, I thought all my food and drinks were poisonous, so I lost so much weight because I would barely eat (any food I did eat, others had to taste first, and sometimes they would have to ‘check’ it multiple times). Any loud noises were incredibly traumatic, reminding me of the accident. They would cause anxiety attacks. I also thought I would die in my sleep, so I tried to stay awake as much as possible. It wasn’t until college that I found the missing piece to my condition—that I was likely suffering from much more than just hypochondriasis.
It made it very hard to distinguish between what was real and what was ‘in my head’
Indeed, I had a somatic symptom disorder, meaning that whenever I thought or believed that I was suffering from any medical ailment, any symptoms of the ailment that I was aware of would manifest physically in my body. It made it very hard to distinguish between what was real and what was ‘in my head’.
Frankly, it was incredibly dangerous, and it’s hard to believe that this was actually a chapter of my life when I look back at it. At the time, I remember crying wondering why this was happening to me and worrying that it would never get better. Thankfully, through a combination of psychologists, psychiatrists, and citalopram, I was back to some semblance of myself around 5 months after the accident, but the shockwaves of anxiety didn’t really start to subside for another 2-3 years.
I still have a somatic symptom disorder, but I am very grateful for the help I received at such a young age. In some ways, I feel I was very lucky to face such experiences so young, as it meant that I was given the tools to battle these demons effectively, and I am able to help others to do the same.
I thought because I was gay, I would never be loved and could never lead a normal life
My fear of failure demons came back in a serious way. I was also struggling a lot with my sexuality, something I had discovered at age 13, and which sent me into a spiral of depression. I thought because I was gay, I would never be loved and could never lead a normal life. I thought everyone would hate me, and that I was all of a sudden a liar and incredibly unlikeable. I had always prided myself on being incredibly true to myself, open, honest, and authentic, so that was a big blow. When I got to high school, I buried that part of myself and plunged into schoolwork in what began to feel like an endless ‘race to nowhere’.
College was a new beginning for me. In 2014, I started out at Barnard College of Columbia University in NYC, and in some ways, these were the best years of my life. In other ways, they were the worst. Each semester brought a different set of complications and particular mental health struggles, but at the same time, it was when I finally came out, and that was so liberating and opened my life up in a way I hadn’t experienced in years. During my first semester, I struggled with imposter syndrome and feeling not good enough. I had always been a kid that was ‘well rounded’, but in terms of extra-curriculars, I was never an expert at any one thing. I was good or really good at lots. But in a place like Columbia, that wouldn’t cut it.
It felt like so much was out of my control but making that decision to be authentic was in my control, and it definitely took the weight off that I needed at the time
On the other hand, I also came out as gay, and that was freeing. It felt like so much was out of my control but making that decision to be authentic was in my control, and it definitely took the weight off that I needed at the time. It was an amazing decision. Second semester was truly amazing. I was involved in an international Twitter campaign to save a TV show that got cancelled and met friends from all over the world! I became very close to one campaigner who actually helped me come out to my parents. It was so incredibly sweet and we formed a very close bond. Years later, we actually got together, and we have been together for nearly 5 years! That was a magical time, and I felt so free. That summer though, I hit a major depression. I think it was the most serious episode of depression that I’ve ever experienced. It came from feelings of guilt and longing, and also feeling very out of place where I was. I had a desire to move away to the UK that started after spending the summer on an abroad programme in Dublin. I felt I had made true friends and experienced the world and life in a way that I hadn’t in years. It was how I imagined my life, and I realised that so much was missing from the way it had been. From then, I made my decision to try out school in London, and I applied during my first semester of my second year.
During that first semester, spent at Barnard, I was still deeply depressed. It got to the point that during a Hip-Hop class, I could no longer move, and I broke down in tears and ran to the Student Wellbeing Centre. They quickly got me in to see a therapist and then a psychiatrist, and within weeks, I was on an anti-depressant. I have been on and off anti-depressants from then (age 19) to age 23. And I very much recommend them to anyone in need. They really, really help.
I first studied abroad in King’s college London, and then transferred over completely in the fall of 2016. It was a bit of a radical decision, saying as I had already completed two years at my current school by the time I changed over, but it was one of the best decisions of my life. The experience of living in the UK has been magical thus far. It really has been a time of figuring out who I am, who the ‘real me’ is after so many years of my life feeling on hold, or in transit.
I realised that more secret than the ‘gay thing’ was that I was and have been a secret to myself. It was easy to hide under the guise of there being this one big secret that once it’s out, that’s it. But really, I fear conflict, sadness, and darkness so much that I push it away until it overflows.
The pieces started to click, so many of my struggles in life made sense, and I am able to love myself a lot more
A big realisation for me came about a year and a half ago when I was diagnosed with ADHD. The diagnosis was ultimately so affirming for me, though it was very hard to accept at the time. Because of the stigma associated with ADHD, that it was for ‘stupid people’ who never achieve anything, or for crazy young boys who can’t sit still or stop shouting, I thought that it couldn’t be something I had. After all, I was a high achiever. I went to an Ivy League school. I worked so hard. And I was so attentive! But when the pieces started to click, so many of my struggles in life made sense, and I am able to love myself a lot more. I never understood before why it took me so much longer to do work than it took my peers. That to get to the same result, someone else might work for 1 hour and it would take me 3. I was a perfectionist, I said. And that was true. But I also have ADHD. I get distracted. A lot. I forget things (I thought this was normal), and I have to read things multiple times. I go on research tangents when I get excited by things. I have executive dysfunction, so my working methods (which I would best describe as ‘throwing spaghetti at a wall and hoping something sticks’) are not very efficient (though I come out knowing a lot more than most people, albeit a lot of the information will be off topic).
However, I also have the super power of hyper focusing; when something catches my attention, I will go 150% full steam ahead and I will come out with great work where the passion and excitement is palpable. I find it hard to be invested in things that don’t interest me, but when I’m interested, I light up the room.
It’s a journey, but I’m not ashamed of myself in any way
And I try to be open about these things, because it can be hard for many people, and having role models is so important. My girlfriend (who also got diagnosed with ADHD around the same time as me) has been so helpful! She helped me understand myself and how ADHD impacts my life in both difficult and wonderful ways. We work together on strategies to improve our lives, and it is great.
Obviously this has been a long journey, but as I embark on my law degree at Queen’s, I am coming at the experience with a newfound maturity and sense of self and of purpose. I am trying to be deliberate in my actions and efficient in my work. Mostly, I am trying to be authentic with myself. I am reaching out to friends and reaching out to help and opportunities when they are offered. Queen’s has been really helpful with this! I am a student ambassador and representative—being able to help others is so fulfilling, especially in these times. So although we are in a global pandemic, things are starting to look up. And I hope that is the case for other students.
Get Support
Mental Health issues can affect anyone at any time. But confidential, professional help is available through the University.
To find out more, click the button below:
#QUBeWell
It’s a journey, but I’m not ashamed of myself in any wayWe have helped our good friends at Brandcast of London with their regular E Cancer programme for healthcare professionals.
We’ve shot in Paris and Vienna using multi camera teams to film a panel and interviews.
Brandcast developed and launched in 2007. ecancer is an award-winning online open access peer-reviewed journal and web.tv channel targeted at oncology professionals. The channel was launched in response to the need for an independent cancer platform for scientific dissemination and to improve communication between cancer scientists and clinicians in Europe. There were over a million video views in 2011, extending the reach of worldwide congress material and maximising the impact of key data through Europe’s leading community for cancer professionals.Of Orwell And Window Panes
Kali ini GOSERPINDO akan mereview sebuah web site yang katanya dan denger-dengernya bermanfaat untuk WEBSITE POSITIONING banyak bloggers yang mereview situs ini. In case you’re a non-lawyer who interacts with completely different features of the US legal system, contemplate a Master of Authorized Studies diploma. The School strongly encourages JD and LLM students to hunt publication of papers produced in upper level writing courses.
Considered among the best authorized writing applications within the state of Texas, Baylor Regulation develops a way of mastery in students that places them well ahead of their friends, ready to enter practice as effective written advocates on day one.
We assist college students to locate alternatives in non-public practice, public curiosity, authorities, and business; present profession counseling and job search advice; provide assistance identifying and applying for clerkships and internships; and join students with alumni and different potential employers.
A novel providing at GW Legislation, the Scholarly Writing (SW) Program consists of a mosaic of formal and fewer formal group classes keyed by subject matter to every of GW Legislation’sÂ eight journals All 2L college students who participate in a journal are enrolled in a piece of SW administered via the journal on which they … Saturday, October 15, 2016 12:11 pm
GBENRO ADESINA/IBADAN
University of Ibadan, UI, today official released cut off points for admission into the institution for the 2016/2017 academic session. The admission process, which was based on a scoring system, was in line with the directive of the government banning the post-UTME process in all tertiary institutions.
The candidates who scored less than 200 in their JAMB examination were not considered at all while the candidates whose aggregate points in the scoring system were less than 50 were equally left out.
The merit cut-off point with the least being 50 has Medicine and Surgery with the highest with 76.75, followed by Mechanical Engineering with 72.91, Electrical and Electronics Engineering 71.62, Pharmacy 70.87, and Petroleum Engineering 70.62.
Departments with cut-off point in the 60s are: Political Science Education 60.58, Political Science 61.95, Communication and Language Arts 62.91, English Education 62.12, Economics 62.58, Microbiology 62.14, Computer Science 63.50, Law 64.95, Dentistry 64.29, Medical Laboratory Science 65.20, Economics Education 65.00, Physiotherapy 66.95, Nursing 67.00, and Civil Engineering 69.125.
Departments between 51-59 points are: Agricultural Economics 51.00, Theatre Arts, 51.91, Aquaculture and Fisheries Management 52.70, LARIS 52.20, Islamic Studies Education 52.00, Communication and Language Arts Education 52.00, History Education 52.62, Geology 52.50, Yoruba Education 53.00, Forest Resource Management 53.50, Educational Management 53.50, Christian Religious Studies Education 53.50, Chemistry Education 53.00, Mathematics Education 53.20, Industrial Chemistry 53.95, Geography Education 54.79, Food Technology 56.00, English Language and Literature 57.10 , Linguistics 57.08, Human Nutrition 57.16, Physiology 57.79, Biochemistry 58.66, and Industrial and Production Engineering 58.33.
Departments with 50.00 as the cut-off point are: Anthropology (Arts), Arabic Language and Literature, Archaeology (Arts), Classics, European Studies- French, European Studies- German, European Studies- Russian, History, Islamic Studies, Linguistics- Yoruba, Music, Philosophy, Religious Studies, Agricultural Extension and Rural Development, Crop Protection and Environmental Biology, Wildlife and Ecotourism Management, Adult Education, Guidance and Counselling, Health Education, Human Kinetics, Arabic Studies Education, French Education, Early Childhood Education, Biology Education, Physical Education, Special Education, Psychology, Anthropology (Science), Archaeology (Science), Botany, Chemistry, Geography, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics, Zoology, Veterinary Medicine, and Wood Products Engineering.
However, the following has points a little above 50: Animal Science 50.25, Agricultural & Environmental Engineering 50.50, Agronomy 50.70, Agronomy 50.70, Animal Science 50.25, Agricultural & Environmental Engineering 50.50.
Meanwhile the admission process continues as the institution advised candidates to constantly visit its website for additional directive.
[…] Source […]Eight men allege they were victims of human trafficking and forced labor after they were recruited to perform hurricane home repairs on St. Thomas in 2019 on the promise of earning $2,200 weekly, but were never paid, suffered inhumane working conditions, and threats of death or bodily harm when they complained, according to a verified complaint filed in V.I. Superior Court.
The men, who live in Puerto Rico, Pennsylvania, and Louisiana, allege in their complaint that they worked 31 days straight repairing hurricane damaged roofs on St. Thomas in 93-plus degree heat, without food or bathroom facilities and sometimes water, and were never paid for their work before they were abruptly fired and forcibly evicted from accommodations arranged by their employers.
The plaintiffs are Benjamin Osorio, Jeremy Santos Ramirez, Norberto Rivera Frese, Luis Enrique Camacho Mattos, and Rafael Ernesto Pastrana Lugo, all of Puerto Rico, Abiel Osorio Cotto, a citizen of Puerto Rico residing in Pennsylvania, and David Paul Gautreaux and David Lambert of Louisiana.
Defendants in the case are TJ Sutton Enterprises LLC, doing business as TJ Sutton, LLC; AECOM, Inc.; AECOM Caribe, LLP; Citadel Recovery Services, LLC; Bluewater Construction, Inc., doing business as Bluewater Staffing Company; Thomas J. Sutton; Celestino A. White Sr., doing business as Celestino White Consulting and Management Firm; and landlords Jane Doe and John Doe.
The unknown landlords have been identified since the complaint was filed as Ramsey’s Hotel and Scott Hotel Bellavista in Estate Thomas and Havensight, said St. Thomas attorney Peter J. Lynch of Flag Law VI, who is representing the plaintiffs.
The 22-count complaint alleges violations of federal law, common law, and the V.I. Code. It was filed in November in the V.I. Superior Court, but defendant TJ Sutton removed the case to the District Court of the Virgin Islands and with the other defendants has asked for extra time to respond, which the court has granted. They have until May 13 to answer.
According to the complaint, the eight men were hired by the Sutton defendants and Bluewater on Jan. 14, 2019, to provide construction services as part of the STEP recovery program, also known as the Emergency Home Repair Program Virgin Islands, funded by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, on promise of earning $2,200 weekly.
Instead, they were left penniless, homeless, and heavily traumatized by the ordeal, according to the complaint.
The Virgin Islands Housing Finance Authority contracted with prime contractor AECOM for the STEP program, which in turn contracted with its own related entity, AECOM Caribe, which then contracted with Citadel to provide construction services in the recovery effort, the complaint says. To satisfy its obligations, Citadel contracted with the Sutton defendants for the work, which contracted with Bluewater for manpower, according to the complaint.
As part of their employment arrangement, the Sutton defendants arranged for the men’s living quarters to be provided by White, a former V.I. senator, the Ramsey’s Hotel and Scott Hotel Bellavista, which were housing workmen as part of the hurricane disaster recovery relief program, the complaint states.
The men got to work repairing hurricane-damaged roofs on St. Thomas, and not only were never paid, but also were subjected to a hostile and abusive work environment, sexual harassment, racial discrimination, threats of never being paid if they did not continue to work, and death threats by Thomas J. Sutton when they complained and refused to leave without payment, according to the complaint.
“Plaintiffs asked questions and made legitimate complaints that were not taken seriously by each Defendant, where no one was reprimanded, investigated, or disciplined for any alleged misconduct or unlawful workplace discrimination or pay violations caused by each Defendant and Thomas J. Sutton,” the complaint states.
The men sought to continue to work in the hope of eventually getting paid, but instead were abruptly fired by the Sutton defendants and Citadel on March 2, and forcibly evicted by White, Ramsey’s Hotel and Scott Hotel Bellavista within 24 hours of their employment being terminated, the complaint states.
“Defendant Celestino White is a former senator in the United States Virgin Islands who knows or should know that it is unlawful to engage in self-help evictions without a forcible entry and detainer action,” according to the complaint, which alleges that the evictions were coordinated with the Sutton defendants and Citadel.
“Several of the Plaintiffs, whom Defendants had rendered destitute and homeless by their failure to pay and unlawful deprivation of housing, had to abandon some or all of their tools of the trade because they were left without the wherewithal to ship them home,” the complaint states.
The complaint alleges that the men were treated differently from other similarly qualified persons, perceivably based on their race, age, sex and national origin, and that they were taken advantage of because they were not from the U.S. Virgin Islands and had no significant support system of family and friends on St. Thomas.
“Based on the unlawful racial, age, and national origin discrimination, each Plaintiff has suffered considerable emotional distress such as intense crying, sweating, nightmares, intestinal stress, dizziness, night terrors, anger, feelings of learned helplessness, lost confidence, difficulty sleeping, stomach aches, headaches, humiliation, and embarrassment,” the complaint states.
“Based on the unlawful discrimination, each Plaintiff has seemed to be carrying a heavy weight,” it says.
In short, “AECOM, AECOM Caribe, Citadel, Bluewater and the Sutton Defendants knowingly benefited, financially or by receiving anything of value (i.e., federal funds) from participation in a venture of home repair and construction of hurricane damaged buildings in St. Thomas which they knew or should have known had engaged in acts of forced labor and labor human trafficking,” the complaint states. Additionally, White and the plaintiff hotels “harbored each Plaintiff in furtherance of forced labor,” it says.
Despite never paying the plaintiffs, TJ Sutton Enterprises LLC filed construction liens on nine homes they worked on, for work performed by them, according to the complaint, which also alleges the Sutton defendants engaged in bank fraud by procuring a loan to pay workers when the plaintiffs were never paid.
The complaint also states that Citadel had a “Subcontract Performance Bond” and “Subcontract Payment Bond” in place with Travelers Casualty and Surety Company of America in the amount of $10 million, to ensure payment to all its subcontractors, including TJ Sutton Enterprises and its workers, including the plaintiffs.
The plaintiffs are seeking a range of damages for a litany of alleged wrongs, with amounts to be proven at trial, including for their emotional pain and suffering, housing discrimination, damage to their professional reputations, lost earnings, wages, and overtime pay, as well as back pay, front pay based on three years, reimbursement for travel and lost tools of the trade, future pecuniary damages and costs and fees, including attorney’s fees, among other compensation, according to the complaint.
Front pay damages represent a plaintiff’s lost salary and benefits, caused by an unlawful discharge or other adverse action, accruing from the time of trial through some point in the future, according to the complaint.
Additionally, the plaintiffs are seeking an order that Thomas J. Sutton divest himself of any interest in the enterprise of TJ Sutton Enterprises LLC, or in any real property located in the USVI; an order prohibiting Sutton and TJ Sutton Enterprises from engaging in any construction or building endeavors in the USVI for six years; and the dissolution of TJ Sutton Enterprises LLC in the USVI or the reorganization of the enterprise of TJ Sutton Enterprises LLC.Dear, jointly organized together with the Norwegian and Danish chambers. And in March SACC together with the Swedish Consulate organized a Luncheon with the Swedish Ambassador Björn Lyrvall who visited Houston. This lunch at the Federal Reserve Bank was very well attended and it was interesting to hear the Ambassadors view on USA and Texas.
In June we tried something new. SACC together with the Swedish Consulate, SWEA and the Swedish Club of Houston jointly celebrated the Sweden’s National Day. This was a very successful and appreciated event and maybe we have started a new tradition here. We also organized a “Business Speed Dating” for our members and some special invited guests. It was a interesting test and we booked the “Cola Corner” at the Minute Maid Park, where we met, mingled, had a bite to eat and watched the Astros play a game.
Many of our members travel to Sweden in the Summer and it is a good opportunity when coming back in September to meet with friends at the Scandinavian Business Mixer, an event organized jointly by Swedish, Norwegian and Danish chambers. This is an event I would like to promote for next year, a perfect opportunity to meet with old and new friends from the Scandinavian countries.
During the fall we have had a few information events and now we are looking forward to the Holiday celebration next week. If you have not signed up yet, you’d better hurry up. And this is something you don’t want to miss. The food will be prepared by the Danish born chef Soren Pedersen. Soren is co-founder of the award winning restaurant Sorrel Urban Bistro in Houston.
So I hope to see you next week. If not, I take the opportunity and wish you all a Happy New Year.
Jonas Dahlstrom
Interim VP SACC Houston
Add a Comment- Messages
- 3,325
- Location
- Oahu/ East side
I would like to find out the quality and fitment from these vendors on there Tank and side covers
I would have to say they are the same. i have both camtech and sisnister bodywork on my bike. As with any type of aftermarket fiberglass/plastic body parts for a motorcycle there is going to be prep that is needed in order for it to fit perfect. The one thing that sets camtech apart from the other companies is that all of their parts are made in house. I'm not saying it makes the camtech parts any better but they make what they sell.
How do they make all their own parts if camtech said they use sinister bags?
How do they make all their own parts if camtech said they use sinister bags?Fig. 3.
Schematic view of the photo-sensitive area of the CCD. The 200 × 200 square inside the 1024 × 1024 full CCD is the region of interest, called subarray, transmitted to ground. Margins in the left: 4 prescan columns, 8 blank columns (unused), and 16 + 16 dark columns. Margins in the top: 6 overscan rows, 3 dark rows. The bottom storage section, not represented, mirrors the CCD, including margins. The arrows on the top and right of the diagram represent the x- and y-axis of the pixels of the full CCD,.Attend Reimagine Solutions for Fistula Management: The Patient, The Fistula, The Skin! during WOCNext on June 6th at 2:45 PM EDT.
Fistulas can be complex and challenging for WOC Nurses. This session will provide solutions for fistula management with primary focus on effluent containment and perifistular skin protection. Come prepared to virtually learn best practices utilizing case-based scenarios during this innovative presentation by an expert clinician and WOC nurse.Data Analytics
Real-time insights.
Does your team keep going over budget? Staff utilization not being properly managed?
Most CPA firms discover these problems when it is too late – either at month-end billing or when someone has sufficient time to pull and review a report. Managing projects and people after-the-fact does nothing but create frustration for both staff and management.
Our Data Analytics service solves these issues and more. Managing projects and people can be done in near real-time by utilizing our Data Analytics service.
We utilize Microsoft's Power BI as our tool for two main reasons: #1 - Power BI can connect to almost any data source, such as Wolters Kluwer CCH ProSystems fx Practice Management or Thomson Reuters Practice CS. #2 - Power BI comes with Office 365 that most firms are paying for already.
Our Data Analytics service can also be a value-add service to your clients once your firm learns how to utilize Power BI internally.
Book a 15-minute complimentary call today by clicking the "Get in Touch" button below to see if your firm would be a fit for our Data Analytics service.It’s the final weekend for the 11th annual Comox Valley Dine Around Festival.
Over 24 participating restaurants have specials until March 15.
Looking for a foodie adventure? Several of the Dine Around partners have created specialty culinary events for patrons to enjoy. Comox Valley Dine Around specialty events include:
• From the Alps to Africa: A Journey through the Food and Wines of Italy at Il Falcone where participants will indulge in a gastronomic adventure pairing 10 courses of regional Italian cuisine with 10 wines from the length and breadth of Italy – stretching from Trentino in the Italian the Alps, to Sicily off the coast of Africa. This event takes place on March 15, from 1 – 4 p.m.
• Sip and Savour Tours with Ambassador Transportation where guests of this Comox Valley culinary adventure experience three different restaurants and includes appies and your choice of wine or craft beer at each all in one night. Locations are kept secret to maximize fun and excitement. This event takes place on Thursday, March 12, from 5–9:30 p.m.
Dine Around the 40 Knots Cellar where guests are invited to immerse themselves deep into the cellar, where they will be guided through a sensory journey of exquisite palate-pleasing cuisine complemented beautiful 40 Knots Wines, with chef Paul De Ridder (of Beez Kneez Catering Company). This event takes place on March 14 with two seating options (one from 5– 6:30 p.m. or one at 7:30–9 p.m.
• Blackfin Pub Presents: Locals Nite Out where guests will enjoy tapas creations by chef Nigel McMeans of the Blackfin Pub, cocktail creations from Wayward Distillery, amazing wines from 40 Knots Winery, fresh new beer from Ace Brewing and decadent ice cream from Blue Spruce Ice Cream all while enjoying the sounds local musicians Annie and Dave of Easy Street. This event takes place on March 12 from 7-10 p.m., in the lower level of the Blackfin Pub.
Don’t miss any of these culinary experiences which will tantalize your taste buds, please your palate, and inspire the foodie in you!
If you’re planning on coming to any of these events why not book your stay at the Old House Hotel & Spa or the Travelodge, Courtenay as they are both offering special Dine Around Packages, some packages even include free special event tickets with your stay (while supplies last)! Visit comoxvalleydinearound.com for event, tickets and hotel package details, not to mention the amazing restaurant menus.
While these events roll, guests are invited to continue to experience the wide range of Comox Valley restaurants eateries offering prix-fixe three-course dinners for $25, $35 or $45 per person.
The Comox Valley Dine Around Festival is complemented by “Sip Around” – the ultimate happy hour in the Comox Valley.
Sip Around and enjoy drink specials proudly presented every Friday and Saturday during the Dine Around Festival, at participating restaurants, pubs and wineries.
Relax over a glass of wine, the perfectly poured pint or the delicious cocktail you’ve been waiting for all week.Reported Wolves transfer target Franck Kessie has been placed on AC Milan's transfer list.
According to Italian media outlet Mediaset , the Premier League is the most likely destination for the Ivory Coast international.
Kessie has been heavily linked with a €25 million move to Molineux , with Nuno Espirito Santo's side touted with a move for the 22-year-old in the summer.
The former Atalanta man has made ten appearances for Milan this season , scoring one goal from central midfield.
He was left on the substitute's bench for the 2-1 defeat to Lazio at the San Siro last time out, the first game he's missed this season.
Kessie has 106 appearances under his belt for the Rossoneri, joining the club permanently after a two-year loan spell with Stefano Pioli's side.Smart PSD Mockup file to make 2d Case design preview for OnePlus 6 Device Color
Option on top and front shadowsEpisode 87
Impact Your Sphere With Your Faith with guests Jim and Martha Brangenberg
May 10th, 2021
27 mins 1 sec
About this Episode
Jim and Martha Brangenberg believe your work is a ministry opportunity God has called you to.
Today Jim and Martha share the importance of using discernment to filter the messages surrounding you about the importance of your work. They discuss how your gifts, talents, and abilities are given to you by God and are part of your witness for Christ.
You will leave this conversation with Jim and Martha prepared to view your work as something you can do to the glory of God.
Subscribe and leave a review of Connecting Faith and Work on your favorite podcast platform!Support Connecting Faith and Work
Episode Links
- iWork4Him — iWork4Him is an interview style program designed for Christ-followers in the workplace.
- Awaken Podcast Network — Unlocking God's purpose for your work.
- 10 Ideas for Sharing Your Faith at Work — A free guide with practical ways to share the life-changing love of Jesus in your workplace.
-.When introduced to the concept of the Photocopy Club you cannot really dismiss it due to its simple but effective nature.
What is it then? Essentially it’s all about bringing people together to contribute their photos, whatever the subject, and sharing the tales. Once these submissions are photocopied and stuck to the gallery walls, the doors open, free beer is delivered to fuel the chit chat and the photos are set for sale to help cover the costs of the gallery hire for one evening only. The walls are then stripped by drunk people wanting to wake up with a memory of their favourite shot of the night. It’s a perfect idea.
The beautiful part of all of this is that Xerox and Destroy was open to everybody, so you get to see many different photos that you would never have seen before. These are showcased alongside various stills from skate photographers whose work you may well be familiar with, such as David Hopkins, Ben Larthe, Richie Hopson, Rich West, Jonnie Craig, Sam Hiscox, Jenna Selby and many more, all mixed up together, and all telling their own story. It’s an historic journey from start to finish, so long as you are quick enough to see them all before they are snapped up.
Last night’s gathering at the Doomed Gallery in Dalston was a huge success. Photographs filled the walls, Atticus provided the beer, the gallery was packed with people all night and the rest is now history.
Thanks to Matt Martin and Marc Vallée for making the effort to put this together.
by Spirit Administrator
Views: 4715
November 14, 2014
Riverside, Calif., November 14, 2014 – A record audience of 760 business and community leaders gathered last night to celebrate and honor eight Inland Empire entrepreneurs during the 12th Annual Spirit of the Entrepreneur Awards, an event recognizi...
by Spirit Administrator
Views: 6752
September 30, 2014
Ticket to the IE's top business event are nearly sold out Tickets for the 2014 Spirit of the Entrepreneur Awards are selling quickly. With six weeks to go before the November 13 event, ticket sales have been brisk. "We passed the 500 ticket mar...
by Spirit Administrator
Views: 4303
September 26, 2014
27 outstanding entrepreneurs selected as finalists from a pool of more than 130 nominees! SAN BERNARDINO, Calif., September 26, 2014 – The Inland Empire Center for Entrepreneurship (IECE) at Cal State San Bernardino announced the finalists for t...
by Spirit Administrator
Views: 3992
September 15, 2014
32 entrepreneurs selected as semi-finalists from a pool of more than 100 nominees! SAN BERNARDINO, Calif., September 15, 2014 – The Inland Empire Center for Entrepreneurship (IECE) at Cal State San Bernardino announced the semi-finalists for th...
by Spirit Administrator
Views: 3901
2013 Spirit of the Entrepreneur Awards featured in the San Bernardino Sun and Inland Valley Daily Bulletin
November 20, 2013
Two local media outlets featured the 2013 Spirirt of the Entrepreneur Awards event in their Business Sections Very nice coverage of the 2013 event by the San Bernardino Sun and Inland Valley Daily Bulletin along with a photo gallery from the event...Welcome to the high-quality mining machines zone! . high quality jaw crusher for sale from dubai. . pottery feldspar jaw-type crushing machine in dubai. . copper mine jaw crusher how to buy at more discount.Get More
Cone Crusher,Cone Crusher Parts,Stone Crusher We are professional cone crusher,cone crusher parts,stone crusher manufacturers and Middle East, South cone crusher spare parts dubai - Coal Surface cone crusher spare parts dubai Description : mobile crusher spare parts, duabi uae 30 Dec 2013 design and crusher parts for sale in UAE-Crusher Spare ...Get More
crusher machine Plant Parts Supplier In Dubai. Crusher Plant Parts Supplier In Dubai,Artificial Sand Based on years' experience and technology development, SKD jaw crusher series are of 6 different models, 150200TPH Cobble Crushing Plant Vietnam is an important mining export cocrusher spare parts supplier in uae ,concrete crusher supplier in dubai concrete crusher suppliers in Top quality ...Get More
Made in UAE Crusher Machine Directory - Offering Wholesale United Arab Emirates (Dubai) Crusher Machine from UAE Crusher Machine Manufacturers, Suppliers and Distributors at TradeKey.comGet More
Crusher Parts Dubai India - quarrycrusher.co.in. used cone crusher price from dubai . price of stone crusher machine in China, India, Dubai ... Cone Crusher Wear Part Hot Sale In Dubai,Minyu Series Cone Crusher ... Crusher Parts In Uae - peter-white-violins.com.Get More
Who We Are? Ningbo Fodo™ More
Jan 31, 2013.Get More
NY N079103; Oct 15, 2009 ; Type : Classification • HTSUS : 8479 . granite jaw crusher in dubai.90.9496 CLA-2-84:OT:RR:NC:1:104 Ms. Jackie Benkler Wantanee J . high end lime jaw-type crushing machine in dubai for sale. Benkler, CHB 1550 E . high quality universal crusher minimum output. … . high end jaw crusher how to produce more in dubaiGet More …Get More
Crusher. Wireless. Immersive Bass. Headphones. $149.99. 4 interest-free payments of $37.49 with Klarna. Learn more. 4 interest-free payments of $37.49 with Klarna. Learn more . ferrosilicon. Thanks to the strong setting blocks and large thinning rate is very high . river pebble. 50 floor-thinning curve. . new jaw crushers average output per hourGet More
Rated from 5kVA to 1500kVA Generator Open/Canopied PLANT HIRE DIVISION. Generator, Construction Machinery Available on Daily, Weekly, Monthly..Get More gauteng .. . jaw crusher from dubai. . portable blake crusher in dubai working principleGet More
Parts Dubai Crusher India - bergenermusiknacht.de. crusher spare parts suppliers in uae. stone crusher spares parts equipments in dubai Crusher Spare Parts Crusher Parts Suppliers Traders Find here Crusher Spare Parts manufacturers suppliers exporters in India Toggle Plates that are widely used in stone crusher more railway and water conservancy is one of the most modern equipments in the ...Get More ...Get More
Brisbane - 19th August 2021 Live Online @ 8.30am Clady Quarries - 19th August 2021 Yoder & Frey: Frye's Tool Rental - 19th Aug 2021 Dromore - 20th & 21st August 2021 @ 9 . soft rock jaw crusher in dubai.30am . jaw crusher in dubaiGet More
Crusher Parts Dubai India. Stone crusher spares parts equipments in dubai Mining crusher spare parts suppliers in uae crusher spares in uae wear cone liner Crusher Spare Parts Suppliers In Uae 129 Views The TON is the professional mining equipments manufacturer in the world loed in ChinaIndia along with other Get Price And Support Online Spare ...Get More
Mar 28, 2019 At Terex MPS we have a global network of dealers, whether its sales, spare parts, or service support, enter a location below to find a dealer near you.Get More
Crushers company in dubai crushers company in dubaifind in yellowpagesuae a record of quarries companies offering quarries,quarrying, quarrying services, quarries in uae to its many get priceak rockak rock is a hightech quarrying company in the united arab emirates withmore than 40 years of expertisee invest in innovation.Get More Get Price.Get More plant design, management and maintenance.Get More
Drilling Rigs OEM Spare Parts can be massive structures housing equipment used to Drilling Rigs OEM Spare Parts, Drilling Rig . medium aluminum hydroxide jaw crusher from dubai. . dubai.Get More. Details. Jaw Crusher Supplier Uae - C-Eueu.Get More.Get More.Get More
Jun 10, 2019 Cone crusher parts in uae cmo funciona. Cone crusher spare part uae - osteopathie-herent . portable brick and tile jaw crusher from dubai.be . economic jaw crusher sale at a discount from dubai.. . new jaw-type crushing machine discount sale from dubaiGet ...Get More
gulfengineparts . blake crusher.com is the leading supplier and reseller of Caterpillar Engine Parts, Caterpillar Spares and Caterpillar Components in Dubai, Abu Dhabi (U.A.E . blake crusher in dubai.), Oman, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, Iraq, Egypt, Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan . environmental ceramsite jaw crusher minimum output per hour in dubai. . portable gypsum jaw crusher. We are in the business for over fifteen (15) years with our main office based in Dubai (U . efficient dodge type crusher in dubai how to maximize productivity.A.E) and branch offices in New York, Toronto and Karachi.Get More
Find Excavator Machines Excavator Spare Parts Suppliers. Get latest factory price for Excavator Machines Excavator Spare Parts. Request quotations and connect with UAE manufacturers and B2B suppliers of Excavator Machines Excavator Spare Parts. Page - 1
We supply high quality SANDVIK compatible Jaw and Cone Crusher parts for all main models in the range. These include Jaw plates and Cheek plates in 18%Mn and 22%Mn with Cr content between 2% – 3% . jaw crusher how much does it cost. We support the SANDVIK Jaw and Cone Crushers from the following ranges: CJ211, CJ411, CJ412, CJ612, CJ613, CJ615, CJ815, QJ240, QJ241, QJ340, QJ341 . high end jaw crusher sale at a discountGet More
Contact us today for the best UK manufactured crusher parts. Enquire Now . dubai. Select the parts that you are interested in from above (if available) and fill in the below form: Need more information? Give us a call today on +1-877-CEPCOR1 (+1-877-2372671) Cone Crusher. Spare Parts. Mining Grade . potash feldspar jaw crushers from dubai how many good brands are there. Crusher … . high end jaw crusher in dubai supplierGet More
Sell your Crusher Parts to wholesale international Crusher Parts buyers. Page - 1. Help Contact Customer Support; Your Feedback ... Buyer From Dubai, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Mri, c arm system, endoscopy system, ent unit, ophthalmology unit, ppe, aesthetics, x ray machine, incubators, diagnostic ultrasound probe, mammography machine, digital ...Get More
manufacturer of multiple crusher parts for quarries like blow bar / hammer / impact plates . dodge crusher buy at the lowest price. Manhole Covers & Engineering Castings. Design - Cast - Supply . construction waste. Home (current) | About Us Md's . universal crusher... P.O Box 28480, Dubai - UAE Phone: +971 4 3470777 Fax: +971 4 3470707 . blake crusherGet More
Location : Office 1130, Jafza One BCW, Gate 5, Jebel Ali City : Dubai, UAE P.O Box : 35608 Phone : 050-2529978 Call Products & Services : Crushing and Screening-Washing Plants and EquipmentGet More
crusher parts dubai Dubai Classifieds Business Directory . crusher plant parts uae – SAMAC - Coal Surface Mining . 30 Dec 2013 … in UAE — Gold Ore china crusher parts for sale in UAE – Crusher Spare Parts Grinding Mill,stone Crushing plant in dubai Cone Crusher and ore…Get More
how to buy cars parts in dubai vehicle crusher. looking to buy and export your vehicle to dubai jebel ali or sharjah the united arab emirates you are in right place go import export cars car locator international auto trader crusher parts in cape town lire la suite autosoft quarry of calcium carbonate in uae crusher …Get More
how to make a can crusher out of wood
mining underground used crushing plant in australia
feldspar dry magnetic separator for sale
china manufacturer spiral chute red mud separator
process of extracting gold from the sulphide cement clinker
concrete grinder price au
jaw crusher processing ewwb crushers
jaw cresher wet milling stone gold crusher mills cone in donetsk
media charging im ball mill
high definition screensavers
crusher manufacturer in china china
oil filter crusher p 300from kirovograd
cheaper gold ore crushing plant
quarry jaw crusher machinery manufacturer china
alluvial gold washing gold screen s
cone crusher for sale masterton zhytomyr region
poultry farm manure dung waste organic fertilizer production line
low cost coal gangue crusher prices
ball mill book references ball mill charging system
deep chamber jaw crusher in nigeria videos
industry jaw crusher indonesia video
clay briquette machine for sale xl
briquetting plant machine manufacturer ludhiana
50 tph feldspar high energy ball mill price
copper refractory material slag silver ball mill
jaw crusher bladey manufacturer antananarivoInterview 795 - The NSA Enemy List on Ground Zero
Podcast: Play in new window | Download | Embed
James Corbett appears on Ground Zero with Clyde Lewis to discuss the Story of the Year: the NSA is developing an enemy list and everyone is on it. Join us as we dissect this year's NSA revelations and the cryptocrats behind it, and discover how we can turn the taps off on the NSA data center.
SHOW NOTES:
Spitzer Linked To Prostitution Ring by Wiretap
Russ Tice Reveals the Truth About NSA Spying
Greenwald, Scahill vow to unmask NSA’s ‘US assassination program’
Tim Clemente reveals NSA is recording all phone conversations on CNN
Campaign to turn the taps off on the NSA
Filed in: InterviewsE-Scooters 101: The Pros and Cons (Everything you Need to Know)
In this world where everything and everyone seems to want things immediately, it’s no wonder that there are a number of different electrical products that can get people moving quicker than simply walking.
You have probably seen e-scooters out and about around your local neighbourhood and may also have noticed that these are being used by people from all walks of life, and not just the younger generation.
Adults, clearly in their 50’s and 60’s have been seen whizzing around on their electrical scooter, and not disability ones that you may associate with that age group. In this article, we will take a look at the pros and cons of electric scooters.
Pros of Electric Scooter
There are a number of pros to using e-scooters, with some of them being pretty obvious, while others may not have been something you’d ever have thought about.
Very convenient to use
Electric scooters can be convenient – there’s no denying that fact. Over the past 5 or so years, their popularity has increased all over the world, and they are seen by many as an alternative form of transport in big cities for short distances. There are a number of online places that you can find a great range of quality e-scooters, such as eridehero.com, which has a very impressive range to choose from.
You won’t see anyone travelling along the highway on their way to a destination 100 miles away, but for short distances in busy cities, they can be quite effective.
No Drivers License
One of the main pros for electric scooters is that in most countries around the world, you don’t need a drivers license to use one. This means that you don’t need to pay for any lessons, test or an actual license, making them an affordable transport option.
Less emissions
Being electrical, they are not causing any damage to the environment when being used through emissions of any kind from the scooter, though it must be noted that there are some environmental impacts with regards to fossil fuels being used for the production of electricity, on which the scooter runs.
Improved air quality
In big cities, smog is often a problem, especially during the rush hours when everyone is on their way to and from work. With an e-scooter, there is no air pollution. If more commuters could be encouraged to switch to an e-scooter rather than their cars, there might actually be a more noticeable positive impact on the quality of air in major cities.
One other form of pollution worth mentioning is noise pollution. E-scooters are extremely quiet and barely contribute to any noise pollution that you’ll find in large towns and city centers.
Parking is a breeze
Another benefit from using one is that they are very easy to park, something that can often be quite challenging in big cities. They are also very easy to repair, and much cheaper than if you had to take your car to the local mechanic.
They are enjoyable
Finally, they are fun to use. Of course, they are not a toy and shouldn’t be treated as such, but for many people, they are much more enjoyable to ride compared to a car or bicycle. Of course, this opinion is certainly one that will change when there is rain and bad weather out and about.
Cons of E-Scooters
As with everything, there are good and bad elements. And e-scooters are no different. Even though there are a large number of pros to using them, there are also a number of cons, which we will now look at.
Accidents can happen
As there is no requirement for a driving license for an e-scooter, there are more chances of one of them being involved in an accident, either with other vehicles on the roads or pedestrians. Some younger users of e-scooters may not have the experience of driving on the road, and may not appreciate the speed at which the scooters can actually travel.
There are also a lot of pedestrians out and about who may not realise just how many e-scooters there are on the roads, and are not fully aware of the dangers associated with them. If one were to crash into you, it would certainly leave a mark and leave you feeling some pain.
Keeping them charged
With a car, you are always keeping an eye on the fuel gauge and no when it’s time to fill up. With an e-scooter, it’s a similar process, but e-scooters are prone to stop suddenly if the power runs out. This can be a pretty dangerous thing to happen, especially if you are travelling on a busy road.
Making sure you charge them to the right level is very important. Although most lithium-ion battery packs also contain a battery management system to monitor their state of charge and cut off the current when the limit is reached, it’s possible to overcharge them, simply by leaving them on all night. Though this might seem like the best way, it’s actually a bad idea and in the long run can cause problems to the batteries. To maintain the proper lifespan of the battery, it’s important that you follow the specific charging instructions.
Only good for short distances
As mentioned previously, e-scooter are best used for short distances, and aren’t a good option for transport if you have to travel long distances. This is one of the major downsides of e-scooters, and is something that puts a lot of people off buying one.
Not suitable for everyone
People come in all different shapes and sizes, and e-scooters are not going to be a suitable form of transport for everyone. E-scooter will have a weight limit, so if you are obese or overweight, then the scooter is most likely going to be prone to damage if you use it. If you are too short or tall, you might also find that they are not the best mode of transport and can be much more difficult for you to use than it would be for an average sized person.
They can be expensive
If you want to purchase a good quality e-scooter, then you’ll need to be prepared to pay quite a bit for one. There are different options for everyone, but if you want one that will last, and offer you a good performance, then it’s best to stay away from the ones that you can pick up for just a couple of hundred dollars. These probably won’t last you too long, and may actually be dangerous in some situations.Om Poddtoppen | Om Podcast
| Cookies
Topplistorna hämtas med hjälp av iTunes.
"There suggests some ways for listener Sarah B. to accept the emotions she has and to process them in a way that allows her to move forward.Human)
In, Lookout, I wrote about the differing responsibilities of the messenger and the hearer of God’s word. While I am thankful not to be responsible for the hearer’s response, it is still difficult to just stand by and watch. As a parent, I watch my kids struggle with things and want to help them. I don’t want them to be in pain or to fail. But at some point, I need to let them figure things out on their own. I’m there with them, supporting them, hurting with them – but eventually they need to make their own choices. It is the same for those I pastor.
If you do warn the wicked and they don’t turn from their wickedness or their wicked ways, they will die because of their guilt, but you will save your life. – Ezekiel 3:19 (CEB)
Most of the decisions my kids have made were not life and death decisions. But when it comes to God’s word, I believe this is a message of life and death. This is another problem I have of simply being the lookout. It’s hard to be joyful that I’ve saved my own life when I’m watching others lose theirs.
Maybe this is when my role as lookout becomes “Look out!”
This week is Christ the King Sunday. This is the last Sunday of the church year (November 30 will be the first week of Advent). It is on Christ the King Sunday that we worship Christ as King, which includes Christ as Judge. I wonder how many churches, which normally follow the church calendar, will actively talk about judgment this week. We don’t like judgment. We like Jesus as the Good Shepherd but not as the returning King whose appearance in glory includes ushering in a period of judgment (this week’s Gospel lesson is Matthew 25:31-46).
There’s not enough room here to go into this in detail (that’s for my sermon tomorrow) but the power of Christ the King is the power to save. This power is the power to gather us from the far reaches and crags that we have wandered to. It is the power to throw Death and the Grave into the fiery lake and to say that death will be no more (Revelation 19:14, 20:4).
The world tells us a lie about life and death. It tells us that we are being too serious or extreme. It says that we can cheat death and that life is found another way. Certainly, we will not die, will we?
Jesus tells us that we will not die but have eternal life. The world tells us this is a lie as well. But we know the truth. We know that both life and death are real. We know that our treasure is in heaven – not here where moth and rust destroy. Or where economies go into recession, where illness manifests itself regardless of whether we are good or evil, where people we trust will fail us, where lies are held up as truth.
On this Christ the King Sunday, I’m thinking a lot about Ezekiel. I am thinking about my responsibility to be faithful to what God has called me to and at the same time allow you the responsibility of responding to what you hear. I am thinking about my role to say, “Look out!” when the kingdoms of this world tell us their lies. And I do this not to simply save my own life, but so that yours may be saved as well. Thank God for Christ the Good Shepherd, and also Christ the King.Last night I ran in the Good Times 5k in Lowell, Massachusetts. This was the 4th race in the 10 week series that is held every Tuesday night at 7 PM in Lowell. So far I have completed every race and my intention is to complete all of the races in the series. If you take a look at my race history you will see that I have done this race quite a few times. As a matter of fact I actually checked my race history and last night was the 44th time I have completed this event.
Why do I love this event? One reason is that I hate to do track workouts. I have difficulty getting motivated to complete a hard track workout. I always thought if I am going to put out that much effort then I should be racing. To me nothing replaces the intensity both mentally and physically as competing in a road race. I have been using 5k road races as my "track workout" for years and I believe this has been a big component to my consistent performances. I really believe to do well in a 5k road race you have to be comfortable with the pain you feel during the race and have the ability to sustain that effort for all 3.1 miles. After you complete 3-4 races in the series you start to feel comfortable with the required effort and your fitness starts to improve. This is especially true if you put out a 100% effort each week regardless of your fatigue level.
Now to last night. Weather was cool and wet but the rain held off for the race. In other words the weather was perfect for running and not so perfect for socializing at Hookside Kellys afterwards. I have been starting way to fast the last few weeks so I decided to start at a more conservative pace. When you run a weekly series like this one many times you end up running near the same people each week. This week I ended up right behind a woman that I have seen each week at some point on the course. I was running a solid pace and kept pace directly behind her for over a mile. I would give you my pace but I don't typically wear a watch for 5k road races. I run as hard as I can so to me a watch is irrelevant for such a short event. Anyway if you are familiar with this race as you turn right after you cross the University Ave bridge you have a choice to run on the right side of the guard rail on the sidewalk or run in the breakdown lane of the divided highway. The woman I was running behind went for the sidewalk so I followed close behind. Things were going well until we caught up to another runner. Some areas to the right of the guardrail are a little tight and passing is difficult. I am estimating that our pace dipped about 10 seconds a mile for quite a stretch on the highway until there was room to pass. Once the road opened up I ended up passing both runners in front of me and ran strong to the finish. In hindsight the reduction in pace on the highway although frustrating may have actually given me a little "break" that enabled me to finish strong. The bottom line is that I finished in 19:13 (6:12pace) which is my best time of 2012.
Of course my brother and sister-in-law both ran a PR for the 3rd time (photo above) and picked up yet another PR medal. As usual we hydrated after the race at Hookside Kellys. Good night and a Good Time.Emergency locksmith in South South London
Emergency locksmith in South London.
Door repair services are available on emergency basis and also on appointment.
Our dedicated technicians are available 24/7 and even it will be a late night emergency we are here for you. We know that nobody want s to feel unsafe with a door that doesn’t close.
In the above pictures door has experienced some touching over the frame and in time the door leaned towards handle causing a misaligned mechanism ending up into a close position.
Door was opened without damage, but the client opted for a lock change as too many people where having the key. The hinges have been perfectly align , the mechanism is working like in the first day.
We offer warranty of 6 months for all our parts and we ensure you that we use only genuine parts.
We also repair wooden frame, wood door, we do repairs after burglary, improve Security, add new locks, change the locks and many other services.Real estate contains property comprising the dwellings or buildings into it, together with its accompanying organic tools like normal water, crops or mineral protection under the law immovable actual property or home of that style, architectural structures or housing in all likelihood like the fundamental ground. A home financing on real estate property incorporates a lien on the real estate as security to the repayment of any credit card debt. A lien on real estate property holds the burden of repayment towards the particular person positioning the bank loan. Debts typically incorporate house loans. Real estate investment contains all real property utilized in the business of housing along with its betterment, no matter whether used to be a single spouse and children house or possibly a huge sophisticated. Properties includes the best personal belongings kept because of the seller of real estate property.
Whether everlasting or short term, real estate generally features areas not completely attached to someone therefore not separate from their own property. Real-estate as a result features these types of property which may be used in the growth of a path, whether for gardening reasons or producing or regardless of whether for other than gardening reasons. Some property, just like the area owned by someone and employed for the career of his family members, may very well be regarded as his personal real estate. Other properties, such as the land leased from a renter, is the estate on the landlord. Whether real estate property consists of immovable property or whether it contains the landmark of any barn upon which cattle are stored, depends upon the regulations in a variety of nations.
The four different types of real-estate are: non commercial real estate investment, business real estate investment, made territory, and agricultural area. Within each one of these types there really exist many categories, like, non-commercial real estate property includes these kinds of terrain as can be utilized for the construction of residences commercial properties incorporates the industrial environments .,merchants and garages, industrial estates and many others of a town or city. Manufactured territory, as the time period shows, consists of the lands intended for the creation of several developed items. Each of the some forms of properties are further separated into various residence.
The word ‘permanent property’ is the term for individuals actual qualities which are meant to keep immovable. This signifies that after buying it, the homeowner has the right to vacation and make use of the identical. However, if he desires to sell it off, he ought to give a minimum of 18 months’ see. When it is staying built totally or partially on a developing web-site, long lasting real estate may include the terrain in honor that a creating is going to be made or designed, even. Certain long term components are known as buildings on entertained areas, i.e., no matter whether normal or male-manufactured.
‘Residential true estate’ consists of the various property employed for the building of residences. The housing market in most regions is primarily non commercial. The area that could be utilized to construct homes will come below the group of dearer real estate. This category involves the terrain which they can use to produce households at a rate which is beneath the market value of that area.
The course of real-estate contains the improvements, including fencing,pools and surfaces, and many others., which happen to have the impact of increasing the size of the magnitude of the land. In the class of properties, the two main other important groups of actual property or home. These are the ‘abundant’.
Abundant real-estate comprises the real estate that makes up unfilled ground (including undeveloped terrain) which they can use for the building of households. ‘Income generating’ area refers to the parts of the property that can be used for fiscal routines, including standard water information, sewer solutions, and so forth. The earnings creating properties will not include things like household homes. ‘ulatory land’ and ‘urban revival land’ are two these kinds of economic properties of real estate investment. Throughout the group of ‘residence’ you can also get several other types of real-estate: open public homes, institutional homes, and commercial estates.
Throughout the class of real estate property involves several other traits that cannot be viewed as real property or home. Around the category of property includes these particular: cell homes, produced dwellings, modular dwellings, stay buildings,barns and garages, take a position-ins, pipes, discharge programs, and electric powered poles. Real estate property also includes the property upon which such structures are made, and any advancements built on these ground. In the us, long-term accessories are commonly in the school of real estate investment.
If you have any queries relating to exactly where and also tips on how to work with please click the next website page, it is possible to contact us at our own web-site.
Related posts mentioned by visitors of the internet site:Dear Write To Connect students--see you tomorrow, and here are some important details....!
Thanks to everyone who RSVPed for the first day of the first Write To Connect workshop series, October 29 2010. I know one or two of you can’t begin until November 1 and that is just fine.
The class is at the Independent Living Resource Center San Francisco from 3-5pm. The address is 649 Mission, cross streets are 2nd and 3rd. It is right next door to the Cartoon Art Museum. The closest BART is Montgomery. Go one block south on 2nd Street to Mission after you come above ground from the Montgomery BART. If you live in SF, you can also take the 2, 3, or 14 bus
If you get lost or need any kind of assistance, please call me at 415 867 1124.
Please bring whatever tools you need to do some spontaneous informal writing/journaling—pens, paper, laptop, slate and stylus, voice recorder, etc. Bring a journal if you have one.
Only bring what is absolutely necessary for you to write. If you are unable or do not feel comfortable lugging your adaptive tech over, we can work something out. I can act as a note taker and can give you a quiet space, if you are using a voice recorder, to write. (Just note that I do not have a adaptive tech equipment to share—except possibly a laptop with Zoom Text.)
If you have concerns after the first class as to how the physical set up will work for you, in terms of being able to write while in class, we can talk about it in detail on Friday afternoon.
ILRC is totally wheelchair accessible and please remember to abide by their No SCENT policy (pasted below).
I am am really looking forward to meeting you—and no worries! A few of you have written expressing doubt about not being in the right space to come, about writer’s block and about not being a strong writer. So, I want to reiterate, this is not a class about pressure or deadlines or any one particular type of writing. This is a class that can be used like yoga or meditation or even just a good conversation—helping you use writing to connect to your body, your intuitions, your community and other parts of your life.
See you soon!
Questions? Call me or email!. If you are wearing scents, you will not be able to remain in the office.Title
Phosphorylation of zipcode binding protein 1 is required for brain-derived neurotrophic factor signaling of local ß-actin synthesis and growth cone turning
Document Type
Article
Publication Date
2010
Abstract
The localization of specific mRNAs and their local translation in growth cones of developing axons has been shown to play an important mechanism to regulate growth cone turning responses to attractive or repulsive cues. However, the mechanism whereby local translation and growth cone turning may be controlled by specific mRNA-binding proteins is unknown. Here we demonstrate that brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) signals the Src-dependent phosphorylation of the ß-actinmRNAzipcode binding protein 1 (ZBP1), which is necessary for ß-actin synthesis and growth cone turning. We raised a phospho-specific ZBP1 antibody to Tyr396, which is a Src phosphorylation site, and immunofluorescence revealed BDNF-induced phosphorylation of ZBP1 within growth cones. The BDNF-induced increase in fluorescent signal of a green fluorescent protein translation reporter with the 3´ untranslated region of ß-actin was attenuated with the Src family kinase-specific inhibitor PP2 [4-amino-5-(4-chlorophenyl)-7-(t-butyl)pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidine]. Furthermore, a nonphosphorylatable mutant, ZBP1 Y396F, suppressed the BDNF-induced and protein synthesis-dependent increase in ß-actin localization in growth cones. Last, the ZBP1 Y396F mutant blocked BDNF-induced attractive growth cone turning. These results indicate that phosphorylation of ZBP1 at Tyr396 within growth cones has a critical role to regulate local protein synthesis and growth cone turning. Our findings provide new insight into how the regulated phosphorylation of mRNA-binding proteins influences local translation underlying growth cone motility and axon guidance.
Publication Title
Journal of Neuroscience
Volume
30
Issue
28
First Page
9349
Last Page
9358
Recommended Citation
Sasaki, Y.; Welshhans, K.; Wen, Z.; Yao, J.; Xu, Mei; Goshima, Y.; Zheng, J. Q.; and Bassell, G. J., "Phosphorylation of zipcode binding protein 1 is required for brain-derived neurotrophic factor signaling of local ß-actin synthesis and growth cone turning" (2010). PCOM Scholarly Papers. 1075.
This article was published in Journal of Neuroscience, Volume 30, Issue 28, Pages 9349-9358.
The published version is available at.ZAGG - Rugged Messenger Book for Apple® 10.5" iPad® Pro and iPad® Air - Black
This item is no longer available in new condition.
See similar items below.
Description
What's Included
- ZAGG Rugged Messenger Book for iPad Pro 10.5" & iPad Air Black for Apple® iPad® Pro 10.5"
Key Specs
- Model CompatibilityApple iPad Air 10.5" (3rd Generation 2019), Apple iPad Pro 10.5"
General
- Product NameRugged Messenger Book for Apple® 10.5" iPad® Pro and iPad® Air
- BrandZAGG
- Model NumberID9RMK-BB0
- ColorBlack
- Color CategoryBlack
Compatibility
- Brand CompatibilityApple
- Model CompatibilityApple iPad Air 10.5" (3rd Generation 2019), Apple iPad Pro 10.5"
Design
- Case StyleKeyboard folio
- DesignKeyboard
- Closure TypeMagnetic
Performance
- Shock AbsorbentYes
- Impact ResistantYes
- Water ResistantNo
Features
- Integrated StandYes
Warranty
- Manufacturer's Warranty - Parts1 Year
- Manufacturer's Warranty - Labor1 Year
Other
- UPC848467059694
Customer reviews
Rating 4.5 out of 5 stars with 1012 reviews(1,012 customer reviews)
Rated 5 out of 5 stars
So far so good!|Posted .
Ordered this as a preorder. Just got it today and messed with it a little. I've had Zagg iPad covers before so I know the keyboards are great! This is no exception. Feels comfortable typing and has way more functions than other iPad keyboards. It is heavier but I expected that due to the fact it is "rugged". The iPad and its cover itself comes off easily from a magnified confection to use by itself. It then goes back on easily. The magnets on the back to hold the stand are strong. This helps it to feel sturdy while typing on an uneven surface like your lap. The area that holds the Apple Pencil is secure and out of the way. The pencil stays put and doesn't flop around like I've seen on other cases. In my opinion this is the perfect case if you truely want to use your iPad Pro 10.5 as a laptop while still having the capability to easily remove it from the keyboard to use as a conventional iPad. All this while protecting your iPad in a very sturdy and snug case.I would recommend this to a friend
Rated 3 out of 5 stars
Great Keyboard Folio for the 10.5”iPad Pro|Posted .
The Keyboard embedded in this Folio, with its LED Backlit Keys is excellent - good feel and travel distance to the keys and the LED's really help in the dark. The Folio itself is VERY heavy and very thick - with the 10.5” iPad Pro in the case, the whole thing feels like it weighs 5lbs or more! The magnetic kickstand backing is OK, but not great on uneven surfaces - must use on flat, solid surfaces, regardless of whether you are using the Keyboard or not. The Keyboard does not have an easy ON/OFF button/switch - you hold down the Power Button until it powers-down, but if you're in a hurry this isn't ideal; plus, if you have the Keyboard portion folded back behind the iPad for setting your unit in your lap, it's very easy to accidentally hit the Power Button and turn the Keyboard back ON without realizing it, or when picking-up the Folio with the Keyboard folded behind you can also finger the Power Button without meaning too and turn the Keyboard ON and get a bunch of false inputs on your iPad. On the plus side, your iPad feels like it's armored when inside the Folio, and the Apple Pencil holder at the top of the iPad shell works very well. The iPad itself feels very secure inside its fitted shell and all of the buttons and speakers work well within this shell. Overall, it's one of the better 10.5” iPad Pro Keyboard Folios on the market, but has a few things (which have been in other, older iPad Keyboard Folios, before, by Zagg and Targus) which could be included/improved to make it that much more useful and comfortable to carry.I would recommend this to a friend
FeaturesEase of Use5 out of 5Quality5 out of 5Value5 out of 5
Rated 5 out of 5 stars
BATTERY LAST FOREVER|Posted .Owned for 1 month when reviewed.
The battery last me 3 weeks without a charge. It comes with a case for my iPad and it’s super durable. So easy to type and connects with the features of the iPad. I.e there is a lock button on the keyboard. I love this better than the apple keyboard and it’s super affordable.
this is a great deal! great ipad messenger book!|Posted .Owned for 1.5 years when reviewed.
I use this all the time with my telescope system. It has saved my ipad a dozen times from drops and it lasts all night long as the keypad. It handles dew - lots of dew!
FeaturesEase of Use5 out of 5Quality5 out of 5Value5 out of 5I would recommend this to a friend
Rated 5 out of 5 stars
Tough item|Posted .
I’m using it a lot at work, it has survived a fall for the top of a military vehicle and it’s very durable.I would recommend this to a friend
Rated 5 out of 5 stars
Great|Posted .
Excellent product, strenght and usable keyboard. I recommendI would recommend this to a friend
Rated 4 out of 5 stars
Great Keyboard, but heavy|Posted .
I bought this keyboard case sight unseen for three reasons. One, there were only 3 keyboard cases to choose from. Two, I have had a Zagg keyboard in the past and I liked it. Three, My last iPad Pro had the Logitech Keyboard Case which I liked but broke on me 2 times. What I didn’t know about this Keyboard Case is that it really is two units in one. There is a backing that snaps onto the iPad itself and protects the iPad. It also has the pencil holder built in. That is the first piece. The second piece is the keyboard folder. I call it a folder because the part that snaps onto the iPad fits inside the second piece like placing a piece of paper in a folder. The iPad is then secured to the inside spine of the folder via a strong magnet. Carrying the iPad around in this configuration gives your iPad the most protection as they keyboard covers the screen and the back of the folder and the snap on case covers the back of the iPad. This configuration is very heavy and it’s not recommended to keep the keyboard folder on the iPad when you want to walk around and hold it in your hand. Your arm will get tired very fast. The snap on case provides enough protection and keeps your iPad light for when you just want to read or use your pencil. The keyboard itself works great but I only recommend keeping it on your iPad when you throw it in your bag or need to type. I was skeptical about getting a keyboard for an iPad Pro that didn’t use the smart connector. Now that I’ve tried this one, I don’t think it is a big deal at all. The keyboard will power on via the power button or if you just start typing on the keys so there really isn’t much delay when you want to type. The advantage of having a Bluetooth keyboard like this one is that you can also pair it to your iPhone so you can quickly switch from texting on your phone and working on your reports. According to Zagg, the battery of the keyboard is supposed to last two years. If that is true, that takes the hassle out of using a Bluetooth keyboard. The keyboard is supposed to be “backlit” but the letters don’t actually light up. The light comes from around the keys and provides some reflective light. The light does stay on longer than my Logitech Keyboard that uses the smart connector so that is a plus. The keys have a nice feel and are spaced far enough apart that its easy to type on. Bottom line, I recommend this keyboard case over the Logitech Slim and the Apple Keyboard. Just keep in mind that this is designed to be transported and used for its keyboard as a single unit, but when you need to pick it up and hold it, you really need to separate the snap on shell from the keyboard folder so your arm doesn’t wear out. It’s actually a smart design but you just have to embrace that way of thinking.I would recommend this to a friend
Rated 5 out of 5 stars
Really? The pencil holder??|Posted .
There was a negative review that said when the Apple Pencil was inserted into the case you could not reach the volume keys. I do not find this to be a problem at all with the case but one of the owner. All you need to do is turn the pencil around so the tip of it is what is next to the volume keys. Hmmm... not an issue at all is it? Is it a little bit on the heavy side? But it’s a rugged case with keyboard; I don’t know what else would be expected. It’s not like the case adds 5 pounds. Of course it’s going to feel heavy because the iPad Pro 10.5 itself is so light. If Apple could make it more durable and as light as it is now... don’t you think Apple would have already done that? I’ve bought several cases and tossed them aside because they just weren’t right. Also when I was purchasing this there was a display on top of the counter. It had this case and all the competition cases laid out so you could view and touch them. This is the only case that did not have some random item resting below it so it would not slide off the counter. Being a frequent traveler this made me think of airplane trays. Will I be afraid to relax on a flight in fear of dozing off and not holding onto my iPad only to awaken as it crashes on the aisle or floor? Well, I will never have to worry about that because I know this case will stay put on an incline. That was the deciding factor for me at the store. If it can not stay put on a slight incline how in the world is it going to stay on an airplane tray with a bump or two of turbulence. Given the price, the features, the protection and the feel of a decent keyboard this case is a 5. It truly is a nice setup. I have nothing negative to say. Just glad I found a case that will keep my constant companion safe and let me accomplish a few more tasks that my laptop previously had to do because I needed a keyboard. This case... a 5 and a no brainer.I would recommend this to a friend
Q: QuestionIs the keyboard detachable without removing the iPad from the case?
Asked by MTB.
- A:Answer Yes it is. The keyboard is the outer case that is connected with magnets on the iPad connectors. The iPad itself is in a plastic like case, but no screen protection. So yes it can be separated into 2 parts. I think you can actually still use the keyboard as it is bluetooth. The pencil holder is part of the plastic case also. I have this case and the Logitech one, I prefer this one.
Answered by Nana32792
Q: QuestionWhat do you do when the battery dies after 2 years?
Asked by Mnguy118.
- A:Answer The keyboard comes with a micro usb charging cord to charge it
Answered by John
Q: QuestionDoes the keyboard include a keyboard lighting when you type something especially when in dark rooms? If I preorder this, when will it arrive or be available?
Asked by Baba.
- A:Answer The keys have lights under them and they automatically come on when you type. The letters on the keys don’t actually light up as the light shines from around the keys. There is enough reflective light that I can type in a dark room. You are able to turn the light off or select from three different brightness levels. You can also change the color of the light between 7 different colors.
Answered by Cpshef
Q: QuestionDoes this case connect via bluetooth or does it connect to the iPad Pro like the Apple Smart Keyboard?
Asked by Will.
- A:Answer Bluetooth
Answered by Dusty
Q: QuestionWhat's the difference between the Zagg I have now (suitable for iPad Air) and the Zagg for iPad Pro 10.5"?
Asked by wim.
- A:Answer The two iPads are different sizes so the cases are different sizes. Your iPad Air case probably doesn't hold the pencil. Otherwise they should be functionally similar.
Answered by dancefreak
Q: QuestionCan you use this in "movie mode" (i.e. By folding the keyboard behind the tablet)? Can you fold the keyboard under the tablet so you can use the tablet like reading a book? Most importantly, can I return if it does not fit my needs?
Asked by Diane.
- A:Answer No, it does not fold behind
Answered by Dusty
Q: QuestionCan I charge the IPAD and the keyboard in one?
Asked by Joela1016.
- A:Answer No. The keyboard cover has its own charging cord, and is charged separately from the iPad. The keyboard cover holds a charge much longer than the iPad, I don't know how long yet, because mine is still on its initial charge.
Answered by DeadeyeDick
Q: QuestionDoes this ONLY come with a USB cord to charge? Am I missing something in my box?! No wall outlet piece to plug the cord into... don't see the wall outlet connector to pair and charge via wall outlet.
Asked by Tam.
- A:Answer Correct. It only comes with the usb cord. You can use your ipad’s charger. Its pretty common for products like this not to come with the wall plug. Honestly, i charged mine over a month ago and its almost full still.
Answered by Jm82Beyoncé continues to step up for the community in a time of crisis.
On Juneteenth, the Grammy-winning artist launched a directory for Black-owned businesses in tandem with the release of her song "Black Parade." The Black Parade Route directory can be found on Beyoncé's website. The various types of businesses listed in the directory include those within the industries of art, food, wellness, fashion, beauty and more.
Beyoncé's stylist, Zerina Akers, partnered with the singer to curate the directory.SILENT RUNNING, 1972. Original 1 Sheet (27 x 41” / 69 x 104 cm) folded Movie Poster starring Bruce Dern, Cliff Potts, Ron Rifkin, and Jesse Vint; Directed by Douglas Trumbull. This movie explores a future time where all flora is extinct on Earth and is now kept in a greenhouse located aboard a spacecraft in orbit. When the greenhouses are ordered to be destroyed, the main astronaut/caretaker of the greenhouse ignores the order to save the beloved forest and its creatures as they are “preserving the ecology of the universe”. He kills his three colleagues, steals the ship and takes off into deep space with his three small robots as companions. “Amazing companions on an incredible adventure…that journeys beyond imagination!”
This folded poster is in very good C8 condition with only very minor color loss along the fold lines and small pin holes in the corners. Overall this poster is in great shape and has spectacular sci-fi artwork illustrated by George Akimoto (1922-2009). We can easily remedy above quality imperfections nearly invisible with our Linen Backing process. This service is an additional $80 upon request and would produce a poster that’s ready for display! For more information on linen backing please click here.
Condition C8. For Sale Key to the Curious George Question tag worksheet. There are many different forms of question tags including many unusual ones. Question tags are often very difficult for second language users as they are based (usually) on the tense in the main sentence.
WORKSHEET found here:
Upload date: 2017-08-17 01:53:43
Send this resource in email to a friendAre you searching that how you can solve the [pii_pn_24651c129762421fbbd5] error? If yes here you will find some methods that will fix this issue.Microsoft outlook is an equally important portion of communication in our life. Sometimes things work nicely and occasionally get the error [pii_pn_24651c129762421fbbd5] one of those errors and we are most likely to have a […]
TechChina Ruoxian main China container, storage bins, plastics containers, shelf bins and other products.
+86-532-87873266
sales@qdruoxian.com
About
A professional engaged in plastic pallet, plastic turnover box, plastic parts box R & D, manufacturing and sales enterprises.
Since its establishment, with years of accumulated industry experience and strong technical strength, the company provides products and services to customers at a fair price, and has been praised and favored by customers.
The company has advanced injection molding production equipment and complete plastic testing and experimental equipment. It has developed a variety of specifications of plastic pallet, plastic turnover box and plastic parts box products for different industries to meet the personalized needs of users in various industries.
The company also has a professional R & D team engaged in plastic product R & D and manufacturing for many years, which can provide users with professional and humanized customized services to meet customers' personalized requirements for the shape and size of plastic products.
Over the years, the company has been adhering to the needs of customers as the guide, with the purpose of "quality first, reputation first", strictly implementing the enterprise standards, constantly advancing with the times, pioneering and innovating, using professional services to create products that satisfy customers, and building Shandong and even a well-known professional plastic container manufacturing enterprise.
Our company has been engaged in automation industry, brand experience and industry frontier for many years.
Our company has a professional technical team, professional production and processing technology, to provide you with one-stop service solutions.
Perfect after-sales service team to solve your worries
7 * 24-hour professional hotline service, a nationwide after-sales service system, let you find us at any time.
The annual sales volume is over one million, ensuring the production cycle
Our company is equipped with a professional generation team to check the quality of each link layer by layer, and the process tracking is updated and monitored by a special person from time to time.
Our company is equipped with professional technical engineers and sales personnel, forming a good technical service and sales network.
More than 30 fine processes, products have passed the quality system certification
Ruohen has a well-known design, R & D and production team, constantly acting as a substitute for the supervision of product R & D quality to ensure the quality of each product.
Our project covers a wide range of applications, witnessed by well-known customers
Tel: +86-532-87873266
Website:
Address: 137 Tieqishan Road, Chengyang District, Qingdao City
Service hotline+86-532-87873266
PRODUCTS
ABOUTIn Greek mythology, Phoenix (Greek: Φοῖνιξ Phoinix, gen.: Φοίνικος), the eponym of Phoenicia, was a son of Agenor and Telephassa (or Argiope[1]), brother of Cadmus,Cilix and Europa.[1][2]
When Europa was carried off by Zeus, her three brothers were sent out by Agenor to find her, but the search was unsuccessful. Phoenix eventually settled in a country in Africa which he named Phoenicia after himself.[2][3]
Phoenix was believed to have fathered a number of children with different women. By Cassiopeia, he had a daughter Carme[4] and three sons, Cilix, Phineus, and Doryclus, as well as a stepson Atymnius whose natural father was Zeus;[5] by Alphesiboea, he had Adonis.[6] According to the Iliad, Europa was not his sister, but his daughter.[7]Europa is otherwise called one of his two daughters by Perimede, daughter of Oeneus, the other one being Astypalaea;[8] she is also included on the list of his children by Telephe, her siblings in this case being Peirus, Phoenice, and Astypale (apparently identical to the aforementioned Astypalaea).[9] Telephe, daughter of Epimedusa, is probably the same as Telephassa, whom Moschus[10] calls wife and not mother of Phoenix.Branding the American West: Paintings and Film, 1900-1950 (University of Oklahoma Press, $39.95), edited by Marian Wardle and Sarah E. Boehme, is a collectible art book, with seven status-quo challenging essays from a broad spectrum of current Western scholars of art, history and popular culture. Wardle and Boehme—curator at the American Art at the Brigham Young University Museum of Art, and curator at the Stark Museum of Art, respectively—state in their introduction: “From the twenty-first century, the viewer can now look at these works with sharpened perception, acknowledging the power of the compelling images, while seeing them in a more comprehensive social and historical context.”
– Courtesy Joslyn Art Museum, Omaha, Nebraska, L-2005.19 –
The twenty-third volume in the Charles M. Russell Center on Art and Photography of the America West Series is visually beautiful, a true collectible for aficionados of Western American art. The book’s editors have collaboratively selected more than 150 art and film images from a joint project between the BYU and Stark museums, that grew into the book and exhibition titled Branding the American West. The introduction outlines the book’s goal and offers a contextual discussion of the six essayists and their respective chapters. The editors and authors provide historical context, critique and personal opinions
on the value and cultural influence of Western art and artists on our collective understanding of the West. Wardle and Boehme write that what emerges is “a complex vision that both supports and contradicts the enduring brand of a Wild West of conflict.”
Branding the American West’s essays challenge the romanticism of the West and the various mediums that have imagined, perpetuated and created our collective idea of the American West. Through the lens of New Western history, with a greater emphasis on the history of the environment, labor, class, gender and race in the West, the essayists compare and contrast the Western art movement of the late 19th and early 20th centuries that romanticized the West through the prism of the progressive movement of the first half of the 20th century. The essayists broaden the conversation to include the emerging mediums of film, photography and advertising to reach critical conclusions about how the Taos Society of Artists and Maynard Dixon perpetuated or challenged ethnocentric stereotypes and romantic visions of the West. In his essay titled “The Weary West,” historian Jimmy L. Bryan writes: “In their search for authenticity, and poetry, or for critical acclaim and financial security, western artists of the early twentieth century contributed to the reorientation and redefinition of decades-old mythologies.”
Traditional Western history buffs may dispute the New Western criticisms and analysis of artists’ intentions and interpretations of American Indians, women and the environment. Yet, if considered in the context and spirit of the exhibition, the personal analyses provided by the essayists in Branding the American West will create greater conversation and the realization that our collective knowledge of the West is as real as it is imagined.
—Stuart RosebrookI’m so thrilled to introduce Shiley, class of 2015 on the blog today! Shiley was so sweet and very much a natural in front of my camera. Best of all, Shiley brought her amazingly calm, senior cat, Tiger along for her shoot. Tiger has been apart of her family since Shiley was a little girl and I’m pleased he was included in her day. Congrats to Shiley on her graduating year! I know you will do amazing things in this life.
viagra discount where to buy viagra online generic viagra without a doctor prescription
cvs viagra viagra for sale how to buy viagra
cialis at a discount price cheap cialis current cost of cialis 5mg cvs
viagra doses 200 mg viagra without a doctor prescription mexican viagra
cheap drugs online buy medications online drug pharmacy
ed meds online without doctor prescription viagra without doctor prescription pet meds without vet prescription canada
cheap generic viagra cheap ed pills viagra canada
where can i buy viagra canadian pharmacy viagra viagra without a doctor prescription
viagra canada buy viagra generic buying viagra online
amazon viagra buy viagra online buy viagra
what are ed drugs generic cialis online ed medications
ed pills that work quickly best online pharmacy ed drug comparison
psychological ed treatment cheap ed pills homepage
best cure for ed ED Pills Without Doctor Prescription supplements for ed
drugs online generic viagra do i have ed
5 mg cialis coupon printable generic cialis for sale cialis erection penis
coupons for cialis buy cialis cheapest cialis
prescription drugs canada buy online ed drugs over the counter best drugs for ed
pumps for ed cheap medication online natural ed treatments
help with writing a research paper – help with research paper essay help sites
buy nothing day essay – academic writing is custom essay writer
good academic writing – affordable thesis writing essays about service
cheap essay writer – help write my paper help with term paper
buy tadalafil buy cheap tadalafil
tadalafil canada cheap tadalafil
buy tadalafil tadalafil for sale
buy generic drugs generic drugs from india
sildenafil without doctor prescription sildenafil pharmacy
dapoxetine pill look like
splendid service to boot.
i thought i would at least email them some questions.
now that i’m getting older
hydroxychloroquine reviews
stromectol south africa
good px for generic dapoxetine
buy viagra online canada can you buy viagra over the counter how much does viagra cost
tadalafil 60 mg cialis on line canadian pharmacy cialis pfizer Exhjtd tcoczs
were can i buy cialis buy generic cialis 20mg new cialis Cuhukq xjpuso
viagra without a doctor prescription canada buy viagra online roman viagra
cialis price how to take cialis the cost of cialis
canada drugs online reviews canadian drug stores Lfdvcq rcsvnp
ed pills that work quickly canadian drugs online what is the best ed drug
cialis discount card cialis online side effects for cialis
cost of prescription drugs
amazon viagra viagra for sale mexican viagra
ed meds online without doctor prescription viagra without doctor prescription amazon online meds for ed
vidalista doses available
comfortis without vet prescription Amoxil viagra vs cialis bodybuilding
best ed medication generic Cipro medication drugs
costco online pharmacy ed meds Tdiize zjlqft
online pharmacy viagra viagra pill viagra generic viagra online for sale
how effective is cialis for daily use
price of viagra viagra for sale canadian online pharmacy viagra
buy viagra online cheap viagra pill viagra how much will generic viagra cost
cialis free trial voucher
canadian pharmacy no scripts best canadian pharmacy to buy from cheap canadian pharmacy online Ylitfe nxtspo
daily use cialis cost cialis lowest cialis prices
erectile dysfunction medication best canadian pharmacy pain meds online without doctor prescription
erectile dysfunction natural remedies online pharmacy canada legal to buy prescription drugs without prescription
minomycin price fucidin capsules Raymei yqzobq
buy fucidin generic buy cefadroxil online Jzvwoi ppwwhf
erection pills viagra online: ed pills that work which ed drug is best
drugs online: best pill for ed medication for ed dysfunction
does sildenafil require a prescription
amoxil for sale sumycin capsules Sosgrt ypfgpp
order ampicillin online generic viagra cost buy amoxil online Rmnppk zfsckk
5mg tadalafil daily effects
flagyl online viagra for men order ciplox online Tickhq bpbiuv
zithromax price south africa zithromax 500 mg zithromax online
what is doxycycline prescribed for dogs
cialis 30 day sample cialis online pharmacy cialis prices 20mg
medication for ed dysfunction prescription drugs from canada vitamins for ed
chloromycetin price tadalafil tablets 20mg buy nitrofurantoin online Pwzjzt yhngks
withdrawal from hydroxychloroquine
generic viagra cost generic viagra online generic name for viagra
cialis generic online cialis 20 mg tablet Neayan hzpzuh
buy ed drugs online northwest pharmacy in canada ed pills online
where can i get zithromax can i buy zithromax over the counter azithromycin zithromax
canadian pharmacy reviews purchase cialis Ouxrpr gfpziq
cialis ingredient cialis 20 mg best price how to get cialis samples
cialis 20 mg peak tadalafil usa Kbgmje xizxsgFrom the wonder of God’s creative activity, David moves on to the wonder that God remembers and cares for mankind.
He says: ”4 what is mankind that you are mindful of them, human beings that you care for them?
“One commentator says concerning this question asked by David, that the psalmist is surprised by God’s interest in mankind. He says, …and yet it is humankind that he is mindful of and cares for. In the midst of innumerable possibilities – as many as the stars in the heavens – God’s interest [in us] remains undistracted.” (Craig C Broyles New International Biblical Commentary – Psalms Hendrickson Publishers 1999)
Think about it. We are loved by God, the Creator of all things. He cares for you!
The we read in Psalm 113:4-9,
“The Lord is exalted over all the nations, His glory above the heavens. Who is like the Lord our God, the One who sits enthroned on high, who stoops down to look on the heavens and the earth.” Suggesting again (as I mentioned previously from Solomon’s words in 1 Kings 8:23, 27-28) that our God is even bigger than the universe in all its vastness.
But then, in stark contrast to the awesomeness of God, the psalmist speaks of the ‘poverty’ of man and the incredible truth that God “stoops down to look… [followed by] He raises the poor from the dust and lifts the needy from the ash heap [such mercy!]; he seats them with princes, with the princes of their people [such grace!]…”
This amazing truth is seen clearly in the life of Jesus. An example being the day that Jesus came down from the mountain having taught the people some incredible truths concerning the kingdom of God and in fact in Matthew 7:28-29 it says, “When Jesus had finished saying these things, the crowds were amazed at his teaching, because he taught as one who had authority…” But if they were amazed at his teaching, the next incident would have shocked them. A man with leprosy falls down before Jesus and in great desperation cries out to him, “Lord, if you are willing, you can make me clean.”
The psalmist asked “what is man that you are mindful of them? Human beings that you care for them?” Well, the question is a good one when we consider that man, due to sin, is just like this leper – full of disease, unclean, untouchable! But what does Jesus do? To the surprise of all, he “reached out and touched” him. The first time anyone would have touched him in years. Then Jesus said to him, “I am willing…be clean!” and immediately he was cured.
Jesus life and love for people revealed the truth of the psalms, including psalm 103, which says,
“As a Father has compassion on his children, so the Lord has compassion on those who fear him…from everlasting to everlasting the Lord’s love is with those who fear him.” (Psalm 103:13)
Wouldn’t it be a good idea to spend time today in thanksgiving for such an incredible truth concerning the Creator of the universe and you?Vinca Titan 'Rose'
- Big flowers!
- Bright rose with small yellow eye.
- Titan series is more disease resistant than other vinca series.
Please login to see pricing.
Characteristics & Attributes
Attributes:» Blooms all Season
» Border or Bed
» Container
» Disease Resistant
» Low Maintenance
» Mass PlantingThe LED Curtain Screen is perfect for covering windows and glass buildings where media can be displayed to the intended viewers without obstructing whatever lies behind. Skyco Media Solutions showcased this product at the Sign Africa and FESPA Africa Expo, which took place from 11-13 September.
Transparent from both front and back angles, the LED Curtain Screens are built to be light and fully weather-proof, making them easy to mount and suitable for both indoor and outdoor purposes. Typical applications include building facades, shop fronts and exhibitions.
Also launched at the event were the Cylindrical LED P2.5 displays. These flexible modules can be fitted to follow any form or shape.
Read the top 5 stories weekly on WhatsApp or sign up to our newsletter.
Skyco Media Solutions (+27 11) 026 7018In an innovation-driven global economy, infringements of intellectual property rights, piracy, and counterfeiting pose a significant problem. Whether it is online or offline, the dangers are market loss, occupation of economic space by unauthorised operators, a threat to consumer safety, and more.
While piracy and counterfeiting cannot be eradicated, it can be proactively combated through anti-counterfeiting and anti-piracy strategy. And Smart Protection from Madrid is doing precisely that. The Spanish startup identifies and eliminates illegal copies and improper usages of brands through a technological platform.urgent !! Officer Khao Yai patrols was seriously hurt by a buffalo bear
On October 21, reporters reported that Facebook here at Khao Yai by Nam Moo Salika posted a Khao Yai forest protection officer Mr. Udomsak (Tor) Pho Krathok, Khao Yai National Park Protection Unit. Khor Khor. 3 (Takhian Ngam) while walking to protect and protect the forest Found a buffalo bear at close range, he was attacked by a bear until both his left and right arms were broken. and broken right leg
The incident occurred in Takhian Ngam Village, Village No. 8, Pong Ta Long Subdistrict, Pak Chong District, Nakhon Ratchasima Province.
Close to the old Takian Ngam unit around the border road
At 12.40 p.m., Mr. Winai, the unit’s head, is taking the injured person to Pak Chong Nana Hospital. to perform urgent surgery
Three of the best dance groups participating in the ongoing Orange Beat Ya Street dance competition will be showcasing some of their hot dance moves to the audience on the social media platform Google Hangout.
WapiWapi, BlackBlingers and FBI will be on Google hangout tomorrow from 11pm so you better check in to get free lessons on their awesome moves.
Venue: Orange BYS Hangout
Time: 11am, 13th August 2013
By IVES GALARCEP
As far as debuts go, Jermain Defoe turned in one of the better MLS debuts in a long time.
The English striker scored a pair of goals to help lead Toronto FC to an impressive season-opening 2-1 win against the Seattle Sounders, earning SBI MLS Player of the Week honors in the process.
The TFC Designated Player raced onto a quality Jonathan Osorio pass to open the scoring with a sublime finish, then pounced on a poor Seattle turnover before finishing expertly past Stefan Frei for what wound up being the game-winning goal.
Defoe beat out a strong field of candidates that included Victor Bernardez, Mauro Rosales and Sebastien LeToux for this week’s honors.
What did you think of Defoe’s debut? Which MLS player impressed you the most in MLS Week 2?
Share your thoughts below.
Defoe looked great but contrast that to Dempsey. Defoe looked poised, confident and self controlled, Dempsey looked rattled, worried and played like a hockey ‘enforcer’. All those jabs, kicking out etc. What on earth happened to that guy?
It is tough to watch. Lashing out, etc. the announcer said its part of his game, his motivation, or something to that effect. Bradley used to play with a hot head, but has since been able to channel that in a different way…. And became a more successful player for doing it. Seems like Dempsey doesnt have the career left to make the change in constitution. It’s a real liability going into the summer if Jurgen and sigi don’t call him out soon…. Mls will hopefully do it for them this week “disciplinary committee”
BRING in Zlatan and Lampard. They’re 32 and 35 but we will reap the benefits. Give them say 10 million a year and 5 million more with endorsements and all that crap
who is Jermaine Defoe? Sure he’s been a pretty good striker for the past decade but he’s no Torres or Suarez or RVP. He’s basically the best English striker who has never been “world class”
is he worth 5 million a year? will he bring in the fans?
Noooooo! MLS should focus on DPs under-30. More players like Diego Valeri.
Lampard missed the ship on MLS. We don’t need any more 35 year-old mids.
Now, Zlatan, that’s a different story. He’s destroying Ligue 1 right now (25 goals, plus 10 UCL goals); think what he’d do in MLS?
Defoe is going to SHATTTTER Mr. Roy Lassiter’s single season goal tally of 27 (I believe)
Mark it down!
He is on pace for 68 goals…
Hahaha, because math.
Just for fun, name your top 3 guesses or wish list (realistically) for big (ish) name DPs to cross the pond in the next 2 years.
I’ll provide the seed reply. Kaka (ACM rebuilding, and probably not around him), Tim Howard (you betcha), Klose.
I dont like the idea of using a dp spot on a goalie
Me neither, but Howard is 35 now. If he comes back in a year or two, I highly doubt he’ll command DP money.
Looks like Howard fancies a job as Arlo’s sidekick in broadcast booth.
Zlatan, giovani dos santos, ronaldinho
Lamps, Drogba… Forlan?
Zlatan & Drogba are my two MLS dreams. I’ll also throw in Wesley Sneijder.
I might be alone in this, but I would like all the CONCACAF stars to join MLS (eg Kenwynne Jones, and Bryan Ruiz, Chicharito, etc.)
I’d also add Humberto “Chupete” Suazo to the CONCACAF contingent. He doesn’t have the European pedigree of Ruiz & Chicarito – and he’s already 32 – but he’d still be a mid-to-top striker in MLS.
Messi and Ronaldo duh!
I would have given Bernardez the player of the week because Bernardez is a defender. It’s great to see Bernardez score that way and also do his job as a defender. He had to play extra hard to make up for the fact that two of the Earthquakes’ usual starting defenders were not on the field during the game. Defoe looked really great, though.
Bernardez is also a defender on a defense that gave up three goals, so how much does he get penalized for that?
yah, a fair bit, but he was the only regular starter out there and the midfield was not adjusting well to RSL’s game plan. probably deserves more demerits for that terrible free kick, actually.
By the way, Alonso only tackles and runs at players and has zero creativity. He needs to become a defender because as a midfielder, he screens red card.
Alonso 0 creativity on display.
That was a really long time ago.
He is very aggressive but his touch is always good and he has a very good pass completion rate. Fearless is a better word than dirty.
I also choose to disagree about his creativity. He isn’t a number 10 but he has some flashes.
MLS needs more dps like Defoe and hopefully MLS 3.0 will have that, like Miami, nycfc mad even Orlando might take MLS to the promise land of dps.
MLS needs to add at least 1 more do spot, and make it 4 dps and maybe a 5th also.
There is galaxy, sounders, red bull and tfc only using their dps with real dps but if I was Defoe, I would have also considered ,Dallas, Denver, Houston, LA2, DC, Chicago but they don’t open their wallets.
MLS needs to give dps tour of MLS markets, either send them videos of MLS markets and inform them with info about the city.
Just to play devil’s advocate, where would we want to cap the # DP slots? Or would we?
I like parity, so I would cap it at 5 per team. The idea is that we should cap the number of *established* high value players (Defoe, Henry, or a Kaka, and so on) to force room on a given 18 for the emerging stars and prospects. I also think it helps keep the sport fresh and growing. Now, I like the EPL and the tradition that comes along with promo/rel, the “Big 4” and “Drop Day” and what not. But for a country as big as ours with a sports culture bent on winning versus blind fandom, parity is the better option. Add player development and financial security to the mix, and I think it’s a no-brainer.
Interesting thing if you look at the Mexican or Dutch League they have larger budgets than MLS teams but they don’t have any players making Henry, Defoe or Bradley money. I wonder if MLS had a cap of say 12 million would teams still want DPs or just spread the money more evenly?
I think Portland has done a good job bringing in relatively high-quality, relatively inexpensive, decidedly unknown talent, in the vain you’re describing.
The problem with a $12 million payroll that features no big names is that in the US, a lot of markets still need those big names to bring in fans. Not all, obviously, but some. Defoe is a high-quality, just-past-his-prime striker, but even he was used as a marketing tool in Toronto (“It’s a big bloody deal,” etc.). Portland and a few others have set an example of what can be done with a measly $3 million+. Hopefully we see a higher cap and more shrewd moves in “MLS 30..”
MLS 3.0*
I think it makes sense to have the dp cap set at 5. This means that in an theoretically ideal scenario, a team could have a starting 11 made up of half dos and half home-growns.
That picture looks like a yellow card waiting to happen.
Or worse. Alonso is a destroyer. He toes the line between agressive and dirty. If he were Dutch, his name would be DeJong.
that’s a bit much. how many injuries has he caused?
Good question. That was my second thought after seeing the picture of him fly at a player boot up. For the fans of mls soccers growing status though the world, last thing we need is a questionably dirty player taking out a top new talent. Ozzy needs therapy and refs need to help him realize that.
Every picture of Alonso is a yellow card waiting to happen.
Looked amazing. Its great to have a world class striker in his prime in MLS, will be fun to watch.
I wouldn’t say in his prime. He’s just passed it. On the decline but definitely on a higher level than 90% of the forwards in the league. Also, we’ve he’d another world class striker join at about the same age in Robbie Keane and it’s been fun to watch. I’d personally take Robbie over Defoe but they are both great talents for this league.
Keane and Defoe couldn’t be more different, but I agree. I’d take 31 year-old Robbie Keane over 31 year-old Jermaine Defore. Problem is, Keane isn’t 31 anymore, and he’s got two new Achilles’ this season.
No, I agree they are different players. All I was saying was that having a world class striker near the top of his game isn’t new for MLS.Torbay Council’s Cabinet has given approval for additional funding to redevelop Lymington Road Coach Station.
Under the proposals, five new business units will be built and let, with improvements also being made to the public space. New facilities include an improved public realm, a new international coach bay, shelters providing weather protection for waiting passengers, wayfaring information, a new and improved disabled toilet and enhanced lighting throughout the car park.
The current buildings which have been vacant since summer 2019 not only offer poor customer facilities for visitors but are prone to vandalism and anti-social behaviour.
In December 2020, Torbay Council’s Cabinet allocated £850,000 to the redevelopment but owing to a desire to see wider improvements and feedback from community engagement, the scope of the project is now larger than originally planned.
Cabinet has increased the contribution to the project to £1.36m, funded through the Growth Fund. The increased contribution reflects rising costs and the provision of additional facilities since the original funding decision was made almost a year ago.
The project not only has the potential to provide space for local businesses it may also attract new small businesses to Torbay but will create local jobs and generate around £2.5m a year to the local economy.
Cllr Swithin Long, Cabinet Member for Economic Regeneration, Tourism and Housing for Torbay Council, said; “Some of the existing derelict buildings at Lymington Road Coach Station are beyond their economic life. By redeveloping the site, we’re not only meeting the needs of businesses who are seeking smaller units but we’re improving the space for residents and visitors.”
Planning consent will now be sought for the works, expected to be submitted in December 2021.
The approved funding will be used alongside £1.96m awarded by Heart of the South West’s Getting Building Fund to successfully deliver thisDezember 13, 2020 astrid Hello world! Welcome to WordPress. This is your first post. Edit or delete it, then start writing! Über den Autor astrid
1 Kommentare
Hi, this is a comment.
To get started with moderating, editing, and deleting comments, please visit the Comments screen in the dashboard.
Commenter avatars come from Gravatar.I am licensed with the California Board of Behavioral Sciences as a Marriage and Family Therapist (MFC 43564).
I have been a working therapist since 2003 and am currently a school counselor for children in grades K-8. I have experience with adults, couples, children and adolescents, families, and groups. I received my graduate degree from San Francisco State University in Clinical Psychology.
My clinical experience consists of seeing students as well as members of the community at San Francisco State University’s Psychology Clinic, working as a therapist at the San Francisco Counseling Center, and working as a school counselor at a private school in San Francisco.
I strive to stay current in my field and take continuing education classes and seminars on a regular basis.
My involvement with the community consists of the following:
– Community Support Therapist with Golden Gate Mother’s Group
– Provider with California Pacific Medical Center’s Perinatal Provider Network
– Member of Postpartum Support International
– Member of California Association of Marriage and Family Therapists
– Verified Therapist with Psychology TodayBank of America Arranges $3.15B Asset-Based Credit Agreement for Macy’s
Bank of America is serving as the administrative agent and lead arranger of a new $3.15 billion asset-based credit agreement for Macy’s. The agreement is part of $4.5 billion in new financing for Macy’s.
June 9, 2020 Bank of America | Credit Suisse | Eastdil Secured | Goldman Sachs | Jeff Gennette | Jones Day | JP Morgan | Kirkland & Ellis | Lazard | Macy's Phil NeufferProvide a Code Change Idea
Have ideas on how the California Energy Code could be updated? We want to hear from you!
The Statewide CASE Team encourages feedback from all stakeholders for the Title 24, Part 6 code change process. Be a part of this opportunity to help California meet its statewide energy goals!
If you have a code change/measure idea, complete this short form to provide us with information we need to understand your proposal. While we consider all submissions, please note that ideas submitted after January 15, 2022 will likely be considered at the start of the 2028 code cycle.
For more information on the Statewide CASE Team’s role on measure development and the identification of code change proposals, visit our Code Development Process & Timeline page..Can you believe that it is almost Valentine’s Day? Yesterday it seems like we were celebrating Christmas, and now the stores are full of festive red and pink hearts and chocolate for days. One of my most favorite ways to celebrate this romantic season is by doing fun crafts with my kids. They love to create things to give to friends and family. Check out 20 of our favorite Valentine’s Crafts To Do With Kids and a few that we can’t wait to try
Wood Valentine Heart Craft
Valentine Bird Feeder Hearts DIY Craft
Valentine Heart Garland with Pipe Cleaners and Beads
Adorable Valentine’s Day Owl Craft
Valentine’s Day Hugs DIY for Preschoolers
Valentine Heart Letter Boxes
Easy Heart Design Journal
Paper Fortune Cookie Valentines DIY
Valentine’s Placemats for Kids
Valentine’s Day Coupon Book
Valentine Photo Lollipop Card
Handprint Heart Valentine
Strawberry Glitter Playdough
Valentine’s Day Cupcake Lights
What are your opinions on these crafts? Don’t they look like a ton of fun?! We are really excited to try out making the Playdough and the DIY Love Bugs!! They are just so cute!By using this website, you agree to our Privacy Policy and use of cookies and similar technologies. We store cookies and similar technologies on your computer or device to provide you with a great experience and help our website run effectively.
Contact High: A Visual History of Hip-Hop
A single image can define a moment, creating an instant icon..
Don't forget to plan ahead and save on your tickets.
OPEN NOW
Exhibition Details
See how artists like The Notorious B.I.G., Aaliyah, Wu-Tang Clan, Sir Mix-A-Lot, and so many more defined themselves to the public.
Explore hip-hop throughout the United States, including the regional cultures that flourished in different parts of the US.
In addition to photographs, experience artifacts from MoPOP's permanent collection such as early rap battle fliers, Tupac Shakur manuscripts, Flavor magazines, and costumes from Sha-Rock, The Notorious B.I.G., and MF DOOM add to our understanding of hip-hop culture.
Exhibition made possible by the Annenberg Space for Photography + International Center of Photography. Curator Vikki Tobak, Creative Director Fab 5 Freddy. Based on the Book CONTACT HIGH: A Visual History of Hip-Hop by Vikki Tobak.
Become a MoPOP Member
Become a member today and get access to see Contact High free as part of your membership.
— Exciting Benefits of Membership —
• Come back and see Contact High and your other favorite exhibitions again and
again for free for the entire year of your membership
• Early access to tickets for opening weekends
• Join a community of passionate pop culture fans
• Support the important work MoPOP does in our community and more!
Events
PAST EVENTS
Through collaboration with community partners, talent featured in the exhibit, and local artists, guests will:
• Be introduced to (and celebrate) the amazing photographers that documented the rise and dominance of hip hop in pop culture.
• Learn how photography played a critical role in bringing hip-hop’s visual culture to the global stage.
• Learn about the cultural, societal, and artistic impact of hip-hop.
• Get to explore their own creativity as they join us for some Hip Hop inspired art activities.
A WASHINGTON STATE HIP HOP HISTORY MONTH CELEBRATION EVENT
A Conversation with Sha Rock: Mother of the Mic
Friday, November 19 | Virtual | 6:00pm PT | Pay-What-You-Can. A Washington State Hip Hop History Month Celebration event.
Paint & Sip with Claudia Villalobos
Friday, November 5 | Virtual | 6:00pm PT | Pay-What-You-Can
Paint a rarely seen photograph of megastar Megan Thee Stallion from the Contact High exhibition. Join us from the comfort of your home for a virtual Paint Night hosted by Claudia Villalobos.
Grab your favorite beverage, nod your head and tap your foot with every brush stroke as one of MoPOP's favorite DJs, the talented DJ Sir Juan joins us virtually to spin and scratch some of your favorite hits, features, and remixes on the turntables. way.
Instagram: @claudiavdesigns
About the Photo and Photographer
The Megan Thee Stallion photo that inspired our paint-and-sip activity was taken by Sam Balaban, a photographer and director based in New Jersey who's has not only been featured n the International Center of Photography, the Annenberg Space for Photography, and select exhibits in New York City and Los Angeles, but will also be in our Contact High: A Visual History of Hip Hop exhibit.
Fab 5 Freddy's Playlist
To ready yourself for an intimate glimpse into hip-hop's history, check out this playlist curated by Contact High’s creative director, hip-hop pioneer, and the original host of Yo! MTV Raps, Fab 5 Freddy.The cannibalizing of dead Syrian soldiers bodies, the proudly publicized executions of other soldiers, beheadings of pro-regime civilians (including Sunni clerics), the bombings of mosques and universities, kidnapping of UN personel in the Golan heights, the open allegiance to Al-Qaeda, the shooting at civilian airlines, the targeted killings of reporters and journalists…all this was apparently not enough to turn away the EU, led by warmongers UK and France, from promoting the removal of the ban on arming the rebels.
That the rebels are already armed through shipments coming from Libya and through hundreds of tons of airlifted weaponry coming partly from the croatian army, paid and delivered by Qatar and Saudi Arabia via Turkey and Jordan is well known and documented. It is as well a blatant fact that the US and EU states encouraged and facilitated the arming of the rebels all the time.
The EUs decision comes at a time when after a series of (minor to medium) gains by the Syrian army one could hope that the SNC would be more open for realistic negotiations with the syrian government and would abandon its fruitless policy of demanding unserious preconditions like Assads giving up of power prior to any talks. Instead the rebel side will feel more emboldened and even less inclined towards finding any peaceful agreement.
What is most appalling is that any of the above mentioned rebel crimes would suffice to call them terrorists by the western press and politicians and reject any talks with them. Instead the rebel violence is either ignored or justified, or in some cases even attributed to the syrian government upon unsubstantiated allegations by the rebels.$19.95
$19.95
This item is custom printed for your order. Please see our Shipping Info page for estimated shipping timelines. See our Return Policy and Order Cancellations and Changes pages for store policies.
From $19.95 + $3.95 shipping and handling (plus sales tax where applicable)
Dress up your phone and show your love for Svengoolie with this exclusive design that is available in three styles: clear, black, or white. Kerwyn says the color is your call. Yeah, bad
Please allow 1-2 weeks for delivery.
If you have questions regarding your order, click here to contact MeTV.Quality
horizontal small gas fired boiler
Features：Horizontal or vertical gas lpg boiler / package fire tube boiler / shell boiler Vertical gas/oil fired boilers, small steam demand in 100kg/h-2000kg/h. Inquiry Now! The form below with * are required, please fill in your detailed requirements, example: Evaporation capacity, Outlet steam pressure, Outlet steam temperature , etc..Get a Quote
Gas/Lpg/Oil Boiler, Steam/Water Boiler
Description: Gas-fired(Oil-fired) boiler, automatic packaged boiler, easy operation & energy saving, widely used for Heating/Drying/Steam turbine, Foods, Garment, Textile, Paper, Brewery, Ricemill, Dairy Products, Laundry, Poultry feed, Package, Plywood, Building material, Chemical, etc. WNS Horizontal Gas/Lpg/Oil BoilerGet a Quote
1 ton oil gas steam boiler details - Horizontal boiler Boiler Sale kind of safe […]Get a Quote.Get a Quote
Residential Boilers | Home Boilers | Weil-McLain
Weil-McLain means warmth and comfort. Our energy-efficient, high-quality gas and oil-fired boilers are designed to fit any size residential application …Get a Quote
Gas Fired Or Oil Fired Steam Boiler
Horizontal Gas Boilers Manufacturer. pelletGet a Quote
Zozen Boilers Co.,Ltd. - Posts | Facebook
Horizontal # oil fired # boiler is heated through the burner, fuel atomization effect is good, fuel combustion is full. 😆 😆 😆 horizontal-oil-fired-boiler.html Zozen Boilers Co.,Ltd.Get a Quote
horizontal oil water boilers - Zozen Boiler
Our oilgas fired boilers can be divided into SZS horizontal oil water boilers and WNS horizontal oil water boilers depending on the medium inside the tubes. With multiple pressure designs, the water tube boilers can meet the steam supply requirements of 2.5MPa or above. GET A QUOTE horizontal type gas oil fired three pass hot water boilerGet a Quote
Quality Oil Fired Steam Boilers & Coal Fired Steam Boiler
China leading provider of Oil Fired Steam Boilers and Coal Fired Steam Boiler, Taikang Yinyu Boiler Manufacturing Co., Ltd is Coal Fired Steam Boiler factory. Taikang Yinyu boiler manufacturing co., Ltd Fire Tube Horizontal Gas Fired Steam 
Gas Lpg/Diesel Oil Fired Boiler-Yuanda Boiler China|Steam
Automatic low-emission gas/lpg/oil fired boiler, horizontal package fire tube boiler. WNS steam boiler is available to output steam 0.5t-30t/hr; WNS hot water boiler is available to heating water capacity 0.35mw-21mw.Get a Quote;Get a QuoteThinking about opening a coffee shop? Consider putting the Power of the Cup® behind you. With the Power of the Cup®, you can learn everything you need to run a profitable – and enjoyable – independent coffee business.
What’s the Power of the Cup®?
- A proven system for opening a coffee shop backed by 30 years of success.
- A team of coffee, training and management experts eager to help you start out right.
- Delicious handcrafted coffee, tea, syrups and coffee-shop products that will delight your customers and fatten your bottom line.
- A community of more than 150 independent coffee shops across 30 states ready to share their experience and expertise.
- A business model powered by integrity and consistency, supporting small business owners who take pride in serving their communities.
With the Power of the Cup®, you get all the support of a coffee shop franchise, plus all the freedom of owning your own, independent business. With no franchise fees, royalties or long-term contracts.
It all starts with Seven Steps to Success in the Specialty Coffee Industry, a common-sense guide to coffee shop start-up and operations. By Crimson Cup Founder and President Greg Ubert, this handbook leads you step by step through everything you need to run a successful coffee house. It’s all here – from finding an ideal (and affordable) location to choosing the right equipment, laying out your shop, hiring and training staff, attracting customers and much more. You’ll even find a coffee shop business plan that’s easily adapted to your operations.
After reading Seven Steps to Success, you’re ready for hands-on consulting, starting with a no-cost, no-obligation consultation with one of our coffee experts. We’ll discuss your plans, share our expertise and explore what your future looks like.
Once you’re convinced The Power of the Cup® is right for you, we’ll get started on our Seven Steps to Success coffee franchise alternative program. Through hands-on training and business coaching, you’ll soon be on the road to success. We’ll help you discover:
- How much does it cost to open a coffee shop?
- What’s the ideal location for my coffee shop?
- How can I maximize customer satisfaction and profit through my menu?
- How can I hire and train qualified baristas and other employees?
- What kind of coffee shop equipment do I need?
- How can I attract new customers and market my coffee shop – without breaking my budget?
- And much more.
Your 7 Steps Trainer will be with you every step of the way, from build-out to opening day – offering insider insight into what works and why. From drink preparation to back-room operations to marketing, you’ll learn the secrets to successful coffee shop operations.
On-site training with you and your staff culminates in the Grand Opening of your coffee shop. But we’re always just a toll-free call away to answer your questions and help you solve problems. And a comprehensive menu of ongoing training is available to keep you and your staff at the cutting edge of specialty coffee.
Ultimately, the Power of the Cup® is much more than a proven system and business support. It’s the spirit of the Crimson Cup community of independent coffee shops.
We believe coffee is community. Because local entrepreneurs beat with the pulse of their local communities, they create unique gathering places revolving around the art of serving truly great espresso-based beverages.
We believe independents serve their communities better than coffee franchises and chains. We love helping independent spirits like you prosper. We share your pride as you craft a thriving business. Your way.
Perhaps it’s because we got our start back when nearly all coffee houses were independent. When the centuries-old tradition of the European coffee house, or café, was still struggling to make headway into the heartland of America. Before the corporate green giant of specialty coffee spread to nearly every city corner.
Our true joy at Crimson Cup comes from seeing independent business owners like you having fun while transforming their long, hard hours into profits. That’s the spirit that creates The Power of the Cup®.
One Response to The Power of the Cup® in Opening a Coffee Shop
I really love your view on community and locally independently owned coffee houses. I’v never read someone whose mindset a lines with mine so well! I’m so glad to hear that I am not the only one with this view point. Local independently owned shops have such a better over all experience and atmosphere. So much so that I want to be apart of creating that type of experience in my area! I am so glad that I found this site with such great information.Obituary
Obituary of Sherry Y. Besig
Sherry Perkins Besig, 72, of Westmoreland, passed away unexpectedly October 21, 2021. She was born on May 8, 1949, the daughter of the late DeLester and Marjorie (Watson) Perkins. She grew up in Deansboro and graduated with the Class of 1968 from Westmoreland Central School. She was united in marriage to John “Jack” Besig on August 3, 1968. Together they loved sharing time with their family and friends, traveling, camping, boating, and enjoying life. She had a lifelong love of animals; especially horses and dogs including the late beloved Harley. Sherry spent many years riding her Arabian horse “Mouse” in competitions and making many friends along the way. Sherry and Jack had a trucking business for years where she also drove along beside him. She owned a home-care business called Comfy Care which provided in-home care and companionship to her clients. Sherry loved being a mother to her son John and Cherished her grandson Bentley. She was a wonderful cook and loved to share her meals with her family and friends. She enjoyed hosting many get-togethers for special occasions where she laughed, danced, joked, and was the life of the party. Her home was a gathering place where you were greeted with a warm smile, welcomed in with a hug, and shared a chat with a great cup of coffee. She is survived by her loving husband, John “Jack” Besig; her son John Besig; grandson Bentley Besig; in-laws, Claire Haines, Helen Cornell, and Bob and Jeanette Besig; her nieces and nephews, Joe Findley, Colleen Davis, Mark Haines, Georgeann Reed, Joe and Sally Haines, Scott and Pam Cornell, Laura and Dale Baldwin, Dana and Dan Verminski, David and Jodie Besig, and Bill and Rachel Besig; many special cousins, including, Don and Pat Hinman, Skip and Sheila Staelens, and Judy and Dennis Hilts; and many grand and great-grand nieces and nephews. She was predeceased by her parents; her sister, Katherine Findley; brothers-in-law, George Haines and Howard Cornell, cousin, Nancy Hinman Ellis, and many aunts, uncles, cousins, and close friends. A Celebration of Sherry’s Life will be held from 2:30-6:30pm on Friday, November 5, 2021, at the Westmoreland Fire Department. Please wear masks. In lieu of flowers, please consider donations in Sherry’s memory to Westmoreland Volunteer Fire Department, COVAC or a charity of your choice.
Share Your Memory of
Sherry<<At the Falcon Bowl, Across from the Co-op Building, Clarke and Fratney Streets – 4 PM
At the Falcon Bowl, Across from the Co-op Building, Clarke and Fratney Streets – 4 PM
On Going Events in May listed at end of Calendar after May 31 1 THURSDAY WAR MEMORIAL CENTER 750 N Lincoln Memorial Dr, Rm 415, Milw Meditation Group (Self-Realization Fellowship) 7:15PM MAY DAY MARCH TO STOP DEPORTATIONS, Assemble at Voces de la Frontera, 5th & Washington (vdlf.org) 10AM KERN CENTER 1245 N Broadway, MSOE Health […] […]
9 […]
Reach a large, local audience in print and online.Kramnik leads half-way at Tal Blitz PeterDoggers Updated: Aug 31, 2011, 3:13 AM | 0 | Chess Event Coverage After the first half of the huge Tal Blitz tournament in Moscow, Vladimir Kramnik leads with 11 points out of 17 games. Tal Memorial winner Ivanchuk, defeated Anand in the tiebreak final last year, who is defending his blitz title, is shared second with "wild card" Magnus Carlsen. Tomorrow the second half will be played.Although officially it's not the blitz world championship anymore (this will be organised in Kazachstan later this year), the Tal Blitz 2008 did attract a huge amount of world famous grandmasters again. The qualifying stage, played August 27-28, had the following final table:[TABLE=368]The first 14 qualified for the final stage, The first 4, plus the 10 participants of the Tal Memorial, qualified for the final stage, an 18-player round-robin played in two legs: 17 rounds today and 17 rounds tomorrow. Besides the 14 qualifiers, Anatoly Karpov, Magnus Carlsen, Peter Svidler and Vladimir Tkachiev got special invitations.After the first 17 games it's Vladimir Kramnik who took a slim lead of just half a point - he's followed by Carlsen and Ivanchuk:[TABLE=369]Below you can replay all games of the first leg, played today: Links:Official website Games in PGN More from PeterDoggers FIDE World Championship G1: Nepo Impresses Under Pressure FIDE World Championship Officially Opened After Press Conference Clash Of FrenemiesAbout The Townhouse Guesthouse
The Townhouse Guesthouse, dating back to the late 1800`s is the oldest established guesthouse in Uniondale (1991). It is also the only two star (Tourism Grading Council) and A.A recommended guest house in Uniondale.
Situated on the popular Route 62 through the Klein Karoo, Uniondale is also the western gateway to the Baviaanskloof Wilderness area.
The Townhouse Guesthouse situated in the main road consists of six en-suite double bedrooms and a family suite with bathroom. All the rooms have colour TV as well as tea and coffee facilities.
Electric blankets are fitted in winter. The Townhouse boasts lock-up parking, a swimming pool, braai facilities and a la carte restaurant , a cosy licensed ladies bar and TV lounge.
The Townhouse Guest House provides visitors with true country hospitality in a placid environment in a beautiful lush garden setting away from the hustle and bustle of highway travel, an ideal overnight stop for the weary traveller or a perfect weekend escape for the more energetic type offering a number of exciting activities.
We can organise scenic 4x4 outings, trout fishing, game viewing drives, hiking trails and the normal golf, tennis, squash and horse riding.
Uniondale is conveniently situated for access to the stunning scenic splendours of the Karoo and the famous Prince Alfred's Pass to the coast. Oudtshoorn, George, Knysna and Plettenberg Bay are all a mere hours drive away.
Features of The Townhouse Guesthouse
Photos of The Townhouse Guesthouse
Directions to The Townhouse Guesthouse
GPS : 33° 39' 18.10" S / 23° 7' 47.29" E
From George
From the N9 take the R339 turnoff into Uniondale (Voortrekker). Continue through most of town and The Townhouse Guesthouse is at number 21 on your right just before the old hotel building.
From Graaff-Reinet
From the N9 take the R339 turnoff into Uniondale (Voortrekker). Shortly after you enter the heart of town you will find The Townhouse Guesthouse at number 21 on your left just after the old hotel building.
From the Langkloof
From the R62 take the R339 turnoff to Uniondale, go through Uniondale poort and when you get to the T-junction turn right into Voortrekker. The Townhouse Guesthouse is at number 21 on your right just before the old hotel building.
Google Map
the townhouse guesthouse
This establishment has successfully been added to your enquiry.
You can add more establishments to your enquiry or click here to proceed with the enquiry process.Essential Oil Blend 10ml. Solace, Lavender – Calming & Relaxing.
£11.70
‘ Solace ‘ Lavender – Calming & Relaxing
A wonderful combination of essential oils, offering a calming affect on the mind, body & soul. This aroma positively effects your daily mood reducing life’s stress, anxiety & depression. Helps to improve your relaxation and sleep. What better way to counter balance the state of mind and your inner mantra.
This heavenly blend includes ~ Lavender, Palmarosa, Lemongrass & Bergamot.
10ml
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Jennifer Marie Jones
123 Any Town · USA 98109
someone@example.com · (425) 555.0139
Summary of Qualifications
My objective is to work directly with patients and their family in a health care facility.
- As a Registered Nurse my goals are that of providing personal care with the patient and his medical needs.
- As the Registered Nurse I have a deep understanding of patient concerns and would be more than glad to provide this information to their health care provider.
- As the Registered I am experienced at taking and tracking vital signs of patient.
- I have a Bachelor’s Degree Nursing Care and am a licensed RN.
Professional Experience
Health Care Facility – Any Town, USA 2000 to Present
Registered Nurse
I worked in the office of a physician providing all the necessary help needed by patients.
- I took the vitals and monitored every patient’s progress charting for the physician.
- I did some lab tests and provided results for the physician.
- I did manage home care when patients were discharged from the hospital.
Medical Health Resources. – Any Town, USA 1997 to 2000
Registered Nurse
I provided care for in house patients monitoring their vitals and progress.
- I kept an open door policy with the patients, relatives and physicians.
- I maintained the medical records on all patients setting up a medical data base.
- I administer the patient’s meds and gave shots when appropriate.Six steps to moving a company forward while generating sometimes elusive buy-in.
The last 18 months have necessitated organizational nimbleness as companies across the board have been forced to adjust their ways of working. The rise of virtual, remote and flexible work setups have forced businesses to make changes to how things are done in order to be effective. Changes to the status quo have the potential to disrupt a workforce – here’s how to communicate process changes while preserving productivity and engagement:
1. Build a change roadmap and craft a narrative
Your change roadmap should be a high level outline of where you think you’re going, the changes to get there and the impacted stakeholders along the way. The narrative, or messaging around a change, is critical – you want to ensure you are getting to the “what’s in it for me” for each audience, addressing their fears, objections and sensitivities up front.
2. Involve employees early
As early in the process as possible, discuss the change that’s under consideration with impacted employees. Explain the impetus for changing the way you work. Will it ease manual processes, free up time for core duties, allow employees to more effectively operate in a changing business landscape, improve the customer experience? Involving your team early will help secure buy-in at the onset of a change. If you can’t have all employees gather in-person or virtually, communicating via video or series of virtual town halls is also an option.
Tip: Avoid using words like efficiency, because people tend to associate that with reduction in jobs.
3. Solicit employee feedback
Ask your team for feedback on the proposed improvements. Make it easy for them to provide their thoughts, either during a Q&A at the end of the staff meeting, or anonymously through a survey, suggestion box or dedicated email box. Actively listen to and consider feedback – after all, the people on the front lines tend to have the best perspective of any implications associated with process changes.
4. Provide status updates
As you work to implement workflow changes or new tools or processes, communicate status updates to your team. Let them know what you’ve accomplished, which tasks are currently underway and anticipated timeframes for completion. Also let them know what you’ve learned. Change is often not perfect, and course correction is sometimes necessary – admitting where you need to improve builds trust. Giving employees a transparent lens into the behind the scenes workings will help them get on board – and avoid a shock when the final product is implemented.
Tip: Consider utilizing several communication vehicles to communicate updates, i.e. regular leader emails to teams, an intranet page or channel that employees can check on demand and a status update agenda item/talking points during regular team or 1:1 meetings.
5. Introduce the new tool or workflow
Training is an excellent way to introduce employees to new tools or ways of working, while also reinforcing the expectations moving forward and the benefits the change will bring. Make sure employees are set up for success with the appropriate training and resources ahead of time. This can include live and recorded demos, training videos, process documents, one-on-one coaching, answers to customer questions regarding the change, etc.
When going live, make sure your team feels prioritized and excited about the change and make the launch fun, or a celebration. If possible, let your employees know what you plan to announce externally and when, while reiterating what it means for them.
Tip: Proactively consider the types of questions employees (and other stakeholders like customers) will have, and develop an FAQ document that includes questions and thought-out answers. Most importantly, include answers to common employee questions like “What’s in it for me?” and “What does this mean for me and my job?”
6. Keep lines of communication open
The ongoing pursuit of improvement requires continuous change and evolution — it’s never one-and-done. Continue to check in with your team, gaining a pulse for areas of success as well as areas of potential improvement. This can be accomplished through live team meetings, one-on-one meetings with team members, a physical or online suggestion box, etc. Your team members need to know you appreciate and value their feedback, and it behooves leaders to consider team feedback and how it can relate to the further improvement of processes.
Throughout a workflow or tool change, remember the goal is two-fold: improve the business and make your employees’ lives easier. Thoughtful communication throughout the process can help you effectively accomplish both.Dilek Gokcin coskun
Main contact data Dilek Gokcin coskun: address, phone, fax, email, website
Dilek Gokcin coskun
Sex: Female
Region: Ankara Cankaya
Address: Istanbul, Sariyer, Tarabya mah., Lale sokak 11 Istanbul, Sariyer, Tarabya mah., Lale sokak 11
Telephone: +90 (266) 8310149 +90 (266) 8310149
Website: n/a
Did you find errors in profile "Dilek Gokcin coskun"? - Contact Dilek Gokcin coskun!
If the error is repeated, try later.
Personal data, origin of Dilek Gokcin coskun
Characteristics
Work in Turkey: open vacancies, career, training, practice
Contact box of Dilek Gokcin coskun in popular social networks
Dilek Gokcin coskun in Facebook, LinkedIn. Leave a message for Dilek Gokcin coskun
Location Dilek Gokcin coskun on the Google Maps. Address and contact Dilek Gokcin coskun
Other people related to Dilek Gokcin coskun: Huseyin Karagozlu | Esin ebru Manav | Mirac Acar | Ali Bas | Zekiye Demir
It is a profile of Dilek Gokcin coskun on TRP. This person lives in Ankara Cankaya, Turkey and was born 3/1/1957 in Ankara. We are able to know an origin of surname Dilek Gokcin coskun, it is a very popular surname among people of Ankara Cankaya and take itself beginning a lot years ago. We can see a location of Dilek Gokcin coskun on the map. For more information, visit the site or send request to contacts, we can use as well as contact box. Its contact method and full information is above.Development
61A Steele St, Moonee Ponds
by Dean Berman
16.2.2019
A wonderfully designed townhouse in Victoria.
The development site was originally purchased for $1,3615,000 in December 2016.
61A Steele St sold for $1,390,000 by Patrick Tilli and Jon McKenna of Nelson Alexander.
I really like the kitchen, pool area and open plan living room.
See more of my buying inspirations
16.2.2019Search results for: Folahan A. Adekola
5 156
4
3 What Does FDI Inflow Mean for Emerging African Economies?
Authors: E.George, P. Ojeaga, O. Matthew, A. Adekola.
Keywords: Africa, political economy, FDI, regional policy, marketsProcedia PDF Downloads 340
2 40
1 Evaluating Aquaculture Farmers Responses to Climate Change and Sustainable Practices in Kenya
Authors: Olalekan Adekola, Margaret Gatonye, Paul Orina
Abstract:The growing demand for farmed fish by underdeveloped and developing countries as a means of contributing positively towards eradication of hunger, food insecurity, and malnutrition for their fast growing populations has implications to the environment. Likewise, climate change poses both an immediate and future threat to local fish production with capture fisheries already experiencing a global decline. This not only raises fundamental questions concerning how aquaculture practices affect the environment, but also how ready are aquaculture farmers to adapt to climate related hazards. This paper assesses existing aquaculture practices and approaches to adapting to climate hazards in Kenya, where aquaculture has grown rapidly since the year 2009. The growth has seen rise in aquaculture set ups mainly along rivers and streams, importation of seed and feed and intensification with possible environmental implications. The aquaculture value chain in the context of climate change and their implication for practice is further investigated, and the strategies necessary for an improved implementation of resilient aquaculture system in Kenya is examined. Data for the study are collected from interviews, questionnaires, two workshops and document analysis. Despite acclaimed nutritional benefit of fish consumption in Kenya, poor management of effluents enriched with nitrogen, phosphorus, organic matter, and suspended solids has implications not just on the ecosystem, goods, and services, but is also potential source of resource-use conflicts especially in downstream communities and operators in the livestock, horticulture, and industrial sectors. The study concluded that aquaculture focuses on future orientation, climate resilient infrastructure, appropriate site selection and invest on biosafety as the key sustainable strategies against climate hazards.
Keywords: aquaculture, resilience, environment, strategies, KenyaProcedia PDF Downloads 33Armed police patrolling Uptown Minneapolis during possible unrest over the death of Daunte Wright.
A Minneapolis Police Officer holds open a window for those inside a looted Walgreens to leave.
Boards going up on storefronts during the Derek Chauvin murder trial and unrest over the police killing of Daunte Wright in Brooklyn Center.If you're visiting Gatlinburg, Tennessee, you likely have your sights set on the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. To stay as close as possible to the entrance of the park, visitor amenities cluster just outside its entrance in Gatlinburg's so-called "strip." More formally dubbed "the Parkway," you'll find a host of hotels and motels within a few minutes' walk of the park gates.
Clarion Inn & Suites
Situated just 100 yards outside the park entrance, you can't get much closer to the national park than the Clarion Inn (clarionhotel.com). This hotel offers free wireless Internet, a hot breakfast (including omelets) and free local newspapers, as well as an indoor pool, spa, and fitness and business center. Rooms are all equipped with either a microwave and refrigerator or full kitchens. The hotel also has several restaurants adjacent, including Texas barbecue and a brewpub.
Days Inn
Also very close to the park entrance is the Days Inn & Suites, formerly known as the Parkway Hotel & Suites (parkwayhotelandsuites.com). The slightly outdated motel-style rooms are available as spa suites, loft bedrooms or standard king and queen configurations, and come with a microwave and refrigerator. Guests also enjoy free wireless Internet, and an indoor and outdoor pool. A basic continental breakfast is served each morning.
Hampton Inn
Still a walk of mere minutes away from the Great Smoky park entrance is the Hampton Inn (hamptoninn.hilton.com), featuring rooms with balconies and creekside views, and several spa suites. When you need a break from touring the park, you'll find Gatlinburg's Hollywood Wax Museum just steps away from the hotel. Like the other hotels in town, the Hampton Inn offers free wireless Internet and complimentary breakfast to it guests. The hotel also offers a heated outdoor pool and a business center.
Le Conte View Lodge
Just in front of the Hollywood Wax Museum is Le Conte Motor View Lodge, another hotel that wins distinction for being one of the closest to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. The hotel offers basic rooms in queen and king style, or as a fireplace or spa suite. Amenities include outdoor and indoor pools as well as a hot tub. Continental breakfast is also included.. Tools
1Orders placed must have a minimum subtotal of $10. More info
John Bead Tool 12 in. x 12 in. Bead Mat Assorted 2 pc- Fuzzy mat with a velvety feel, to prevent them beads from rolling around. Hold your supplies in place while you work. Color chosen at random only.Employment alternatives exist in new automobile dealerships, unbiased vehicle restore amenities, automobile fleet upkeep and government agencies. These levels of auto detailing Paint Correction Services are for those focused on removing all the things from micro-marring and swirl marks to medium and heavy RIDS (Random Isolated Deep Scratches) and all the things in between. Whereas most people perceive that auto insurance choices can be found, it’s simple to neglect why it is necessary. This does not always mean that just because it fits and can be used, it ought to be. What the automobile is designed for, or more accurately what the drivetrain will handle, ought to be the principle area you’re contemplating.
These historic dots being linked as they have been, denote the principal cause Tesla Motors used the induction motor in its first manufacturing car (albeit with many improvements). When it’s the sole technique of engaging the engine to the transmission, power is delivered exclusively by an oil medium without any contact of stable elements. Tire technicians service clients’ tires, replacing and repairing them.
Prior to that, he was the senior feature editor for Motor Pattern for 9 years, where he wrote a monthly automobile-care column, together with several items on conventional and synthetic motor oil. Students be taught advanced ideas introduced in AUTO 216 and 218. Consider a three-day camping journey where you will have limitless power with the automotive you drive into the woods with,â€ mentioned Bob Lutz, a member of THROUGH’s board of administrators and the previous vice chairman of GM, throughout a press conference at the auto show.
The need for automotive technicians is rising. Regional employment in the automotive area also is expected to develop quickly and the variety of job openings to be higher than average. As well as, please observe that a pupil may only earn one Occupational Abilities Award (OSA) per academic yr. Miraculously, no accidents had been sustained in both attack, though damage was done to the autos.
CarsDirect also has buying guides, rankings, and car comparisons. There are two fundamental sorts of AC motors, depending on the type of rotor used. Legal responsibility coverage is the most primary protection sort in all auto insurance coverage insurance policies Liability insurance is also a key a part of any more comprehensive plan your might get. You is likely to be the proper fit for a profession as an auto physique technician, where you’d be answerable for safely and effectively fixing prospects’ automobiles, whether it is repairing automotive frames, suspensions, wheel alignments, or in any other case.Pillar Basin Taps with Stylish Chrome Mirror Finish, Solid Metal Lever Handle for Hot and Cold Water, Easy to Install Bathroom Taps Set
Delivered by Wed, 12 01
- DURABLE, STRONG BRASS CONSTRUCTION: The Geepas Pillar Basin Taps is made of strong and durable solid brass and high-quality ceramic cartridge. It lasts long and is a great investment for all spaces.
- SOLID METAL LEVER HANDLE: The solid metal lever handle of the Geepas Pillar Basin Taps enables it to be moved for both hot and cold water. It is easy to move and use while also being sturdy and durable.
- STYLISH CHROME MIRROR FINISH: The stylish chrome finish of the Geepas Pillar Basin Taps gives it a sleek and shiny look, guaranteed to match any decor.
- SOPHISTICATED: It adds elegance and style to all wash areas, both bathrooms and kitchen sinks.
- EASY INSTALLATION: The Geepas Pillar Basin Taps is extremely easy to install. It can be simply mounted on the deck or the work area surface in a way such that it looks flush and stylish.
Every home requires a bathroom and wash that is both stylish and tranquil. A huge part of any wet area is the fixtures..
Durable Brass Construction and With Ceramic Turn Cartridge
The Geepas GSW61014 Pillar Basin Taps is built with solid brass material that is strong, durable and long-lasting. This material is sure to last years with minimal maintenance. The high-quality ceramic cartridge is quarter turn, enabling easy use. The chrome coating on the Geepas Pillar Basin Taps renders it a sleek, stylish and contemporary look. A great combination of style, convenience, and durability, it is the perfect fit for all spaces – indoors and outdoors.
Solid Metal Spoke Handle and Easy Install Deck Mounted System
The Geepas Pillar Basin Taps has a solid metal handle that is durable and strong. It can be easily used with minimal effort and both hot and cold water temperatures can be achieved. It is best for low-pressure water systems with single flow water. The Geepas Pillar Basin Taps is also easy to install. It has a deck mounted system, ensuring a smooth and flush finish against the work area, giving the sink a clean, and stylish look. would look like around your pool? Request a 3D design from one of our pool remodeling specialists.
Decking and Outdoor Living Ideas
- Tear out the lifting concrete and put in pavers – If you have cracked concrete, you are not alone. Southern California has expansive soil that creates havoc on concrete decks. The solution…….. interlocking concrete pavers! They are an affordable and beautiful alternative to concrete. Besides the fact that they don’t crack, they allow you to easily access underground plumbing or electrical lines without having to tear into concrete. We showcase over 30 different pavers at our showroom in Orange County.
- Incorporate Fire – The last option to talk about today is outdoor fire elements. Fire elements include things like fire pits, fire bowls, small tiki torches or even full-size fireplaces. These are excellent if you utilize your pool a lot at night, as the fire makes your entire backyard paradise glow.
- Bring your yard to life with LED lights – Light up those dark areas in your backyard with LED outdoor lighting. Show off your trees and walkways with well positioned and high quality lighting. It is amazing how lighting can change the whole yard.
Pool Remodeling Project Ideas
- Change the Shape – Another option is to get rid of the dull square or circle-shaped pool that you currently have. Switch things up and modify the shape of the pool. This is considered a pretty major overhaul, but it can really pay off in the end by making your pool bigger or even adding more yard space by shrinking the pool.
- Add a Spa – Spas are becoming extremely popular as a separate section of the backyard pool. These are often attached to the pool. With spas, they can be designed and built so that the water from it spills over into the actual pool. With hot tubs, this isn’t the case since you probably wouldn’t want hot water in your regular pool.
- Implement Water Features – Whether you want to opt for a small bubbling fountain or a beautiful waterfall, water features can truly transform your entire backyard space. Plus, these tend to make the area more peaceful and relaxing, which is great when you’re trying to wind down after a long day at work or simply want to enjoy some alone time with your significant other.
- Baja Benches –Create a shallow area for the kids to play in or for you to set up a lounge chair and dive into the newest best seller. Baja benches are a relaxing touch to any pool that make the pool more useable.
Renovate my Pool!
If you have an idea of what you would like in your backyard, contact Alan Smith Pools with your pool renovation ideas. If you can dream something up, we can build it for you! Give us a call at or fill out our short form for more information.Indie pop band JOCKS had previously been known for their folk music but resurfaced at the beginning of 2016 with a new sound; adding a certain 80s vibe to their songs. The inspiration behind their songs comes from universal themes such as love, heartbreak and life.
Last month, the quartet released their luminous self-titled EP, “Jocks”. They recently shared, “Don’t Stop the Beat”, a track off the new project.
The song is a catchy, blissful indie pop track that explodes like “a musical sunrise”. The glassy synths, straightforward yet cool bassline and smooth vocals forge the 80s throwback sound of the song; reminiscent of bands like The 1975, HAIM or early Two Door Cinema Club.
Listen to “Don’t Stop the Beat” and the band’s “Jocks” EP on their Soundcloud!A special CNR train from Edmonton carried two cabinet ministers, 31 MLA's, wholesalers, business leaders and newspaper editors from all parts of the province to the opening ceremonies.
The Western Canadian Oil Companies, Home Oil Company, and the Calgary Edmonton Corporation were drilling in the Elk Point and Lindbergh district in search of oil and gas. They not only found gas and oil, they also found salt to be present.
With the North Saskatchewan River being near, the railway close by, and natural gas found to be present, salt could be easily produced. This brought about the formation of the Alberta Salt Company. Backed by the three oil companies, construction was
started in June, 1947 with the plant starting production in July, 1948. Daily production reached 125 tons of vacuum salt with 40 full time plant employees. One of the differences with the Lindbergh Plant was that they were completely self sufficient. It had its own natural gas wells which allowed them to produce their own power, heat, and generating steam. It was also the first plant in the world to introduce Fused Salt and in 1951 the Lindbergh Plant was the first plant in the world to produce Fused Salt on a commercial basis. The concept of Fused Salt was considered, by most, to be an impossible feat. But the Plant Manager, Mr. Bert Ayres and the St. Paul Foundry constructed the furnaces, etc. and invented the "Impossible" Fused Plant. The Fused Plant melted 130 tonnes of salt daily at 1600°F. The salt was poured into cups to form a solid cake. It was then crushed producing a very hard finished product which was then screened and used as many different products including the well known Crystal Water Conditioner Salt. The Fused Plant operated until 1987 when it became evident it was not cost efficient due to the decreasing availability of natural gas.
In Summary:
In the following years the plant would double in size with the production being brought up to 400 tons per day. We would see the total brine wells rise to five and our gas wells increase to 22. Our railway service would be discontinued in 1989. The new System Saver II water conditioner salt is introduced. The Canadian Salt Company Limited would be purchased by Morton International giving us world wide recognition.
Lindbergh 1993
Lindbergh Highlights over the past years
1952: The Fused Plant tripled production and in 1955 produced 6 tons an hour.
1960's: The heat exchanger units in two evaporators were replaced. This allowed production capacity to double to 250 tons per day. The plant doubled in physical size.
1970's: Two bulk storage sheds were built with a capacity of 5000 tons each. The power plant was increased by 50. #1 Evaporator was replaced and a third evaporator was installed to bring production up to 360 tons per day. With the installation of the third evaporator, we began operating in a triple effect configuration. A new furnace was installed in the Fused Plant which increased the Fused Salt production to 200 tons per day, a total of 360 tons of vacuum salt per day.
1980 The second effect evaporator was replaced resulting in increased production to 400 tons/day.
1990's Market demands were taxing our production capabilities, posing a dilemma for our Production Department. Our people were innovative enough to develop our "Boil out on the run" procedure where we do not have to shut down to boil out our evaporators. This allows us to have continuous production with no down time.
This is the type of "brainstorming" which has continued since the start up of the operation in 1893, making us a first rate Company.
1993 Happenings
Jim Vinge, Warehouseman (left) receives 25 Year Service A ward from Garry Gulayec, Shipping Supervisor
Orest Capjack, Assistant Works Account (Center) celebrates 30 years of Service with Tom Melnyk, Works Accountant (left) and Ken Palamarek; Facility Manager (right)
Welcome to our two new Power House employees: Murray Dyjur and Larry Stratford, both of whom are Power Engineers
Murray Dyjur
April 1, 1993
Larry Stratford
April 13, 1993Australians have some of the worst password-management practices in the world, one security firm has warned as security experts once again commemorate World Password Day with pleas for users to get smarter about the way they protect their precious data.
Half of the 43,000 businesses and individuals surveyed for the recent LastPass by LogMeIn 2018 Global Password Security Report said they were using the same passwords for personal and work accounts, with 62 percent saying they reuse passwords across different sites.
Australian users’ average password security score – a metric derived from real-world passwords used within the LastPass single sign-on platform – was 53, tied for world’s worst with Denmark, New Zealand and the US but well behind leaders Germany (62), the Netherlands (60), and Italy, Sweden and Switzerland (59).
Companies of 1 to 25 employees had the strongest passwords, overall, than larger firms and strength declined consistently with increasing size.
Retail companies had the worst passwords overall, with an average score of 49, while health, insurance, banking/financial and manufacturing were only a little better.
Just 6 percent of surveyed Australian companies were using multi-factor authentication – well ahead of many countries but lagging the US (63 percent) and UK (10 percent).
Even the best figures were well behind ideal levels, confirming yet again that most businesses are protecting critical data with less-than-ideal password security – something that has consistently emerged in one study of password behaviour after another.
Changing user behaviour
Educating users on password security is crucial and users need to get accustomed to using passwords or passcodes on every device they use “even when they don’t think security is necessary,” argued ESET senior research fellow Nick FitzGerald, who also recommended users deactivate unused accounts, save the strongest passwords for the most important accounts, using passphrases and strong passwords; and using a password manager to improve user compliance.
“Users never know when a threat might affect them, or when their data might be at risk, so it’s critical they protect their information behind a strong password in the first place.”
Billions of passwords have been leaked online in recent years, but experts were aghast at the discovery in March that hundreds of millions of Facebook passwords were available in a non-encrypted format – providing a motherlode for credential-stuffing cybercriminals.
“Although no evidence has arisen to show that password data has been abused, the fact that this incident occurred to a company even with security systems and processes highlights it’s an ongoing threat,” Mimecast principal technical consultant Garrett O’Hara said in a statement, “especially for organisations with immature security practices. Users must be reminded not to use the same password for different applications, especially across personal and work accounts.”
A growing climate of insider breaches and the challenges of enforcing effective password policy are leading many CISOs to revisit their password policies in a search for a user-friendly approach that also preserves security.
“We have made passwords more complex with a requirement that they be updated regularly so that they cannot be easily guessed by bad actors,” One Identity APJ regional manager for technology and strategy Serkan Cetin said in a statement.
“Unfortunately, one of their biggest drawbacks of this is that people very often forget their passwords. The forgetting and resetting of dozens of passwords is a broken cycle that we should strive to end. We’ve reached a breaking point, and the power of the password is rapidly diminishing.”
Others are considering options for a passwordless future – an increasingly viable approach that is being enabled by increasingly portable standards for passwordless authentication and efforts from the likes of Google.
Yet passwords will remain a necessary evil in most environments – and for companies that aren’t managing them properly, CyberArk technical director David Higgins warned, they remain the “soft underbelly of the organisation.”
“Admin passwords are a key target for attackers and, due to operational challenges, are rarely managed to the level that they should be,” he said. “Basic level passwords that allow entry into the IT world will remain, in at least the near future, a true break glass issue.”Milestone birthdays can be tough depending on your perspective on aging! I started counting the days to 60 well before Christmas. It was on my mind because if Tim was here he would without a doubt have thrown me a big event as he did for my 50th. I think my friends were really worried about what kind of day my 60th would be without Tim, BUT not only for that day, but for the entire month my friends kept me wined, dined and busy with incredible activities! I will never forget the extraordinary things my work family and my friends did for me! It was indescribable in so many ways! I decided to use the month of January as a stepping stone to bigger and better things to come in 2019! I accomplished my goal of experiencing 60 new things throughout the month and I’m happy to share my results!
Watched Old Movies I’d never seen – Dr. Zhivago with Omar Sharif, Maltese Falcon with Humphrey Bogart, Double Indemnity with Fred McMurray, Farewell to Arms with Gary Cooper, One Way Passage with William Powell, Dream Wife with Cary Grant and Deborah Kerr, Young Mr. Lincoln with Henry Fonda, Lured with Lucille Ball and George Sanders and The Public Enemy with James Cagney.
Tried restaurants I’d never been to – The famous Occidental on my birthday with my girls Louise and Jan, Jose Andres Fish at MGM with Tim’s best friend Joe, Ivy City Smokehouse and The Hitching Post with my friend Kirtley, two restaurants Coton and Rye and Hearthside at Lansdowne with my bestie Kris, and an amazing French café Toutdesweet and a really cool place called Dog Haus I found after work one evening.
Foods I’d never tried – Puerto Rican soup on New Year’s Day, kumquats, clams, fried cod fritters, a citrus scone, rockfish with onion and jalepeno, a whiskey and blood orange cocktail, a Filipino rice coconut muffin, vegan caviar, candy salmon, gluten free crusted lamb chop and bourbon poached figs.
New Places – Bowled at Lucky Strike in DC with my work fam, walked the upper level exterior of the MGM casino from which you can see many miles of DC and VA, spent the weekend with Kris at the extraordinary Lansdowne resort in VA.
New Self-Enrichment Activities – Had an 80 minute magnesium massage, signed up for Noom a healthy eating and motivational app and program which has already resulted in a 6 lb weight loss, took a meditation class and a yoga class, began reading Michelle Obama’s book Becoming, attended Evensong and Benediction Services at St. Paul’s Episcopal Church, walked down and back up the 9 flights of stairs at the office for a new exercise routine with the work fam, listened to an Opera on Sirius XM, registered to participate in an upcoming Virtual Dementia Tour to experience in a simulation what Mom goes through on a daily basis and enrolled in a Writing as a Spiritual Practice course at Virginia Theological Seminary which ends in March.
Cool things – Had a cool birthday surprise from my work fam who decorated every inch of my cubicle and gave me a surpise luncheon, hung out with my cousin JoAnne at Mrs. K’s for a great dinner, Purchased the LEGO 60th edition set, went to a gender reveal party, joined “Meet Up” and attended a meet up on LEGO Serious Play, earned my Africa Badge on Fit Bit for walking a total of 5,000 miles since joining Fit Bit in 2014, reactivated my Rosetta Stone account to finally try to learn Spanish, brought ice melt and a snowblower to survive this winter, picked out and purchased new paint for my kitchen, brought a new storm door for the kitchen, brought a pair of purple boots for my presentations and got a pair of mandala sneakers for free, wrote and delivered two programs which included a LEGO Serious Play session for 34 people that can be used for other Intergenerational organizations, joined the county senior activity center and selected two activiies from my 60 and Better catalog, applied to three speakers bureaus in attempt to make speaking my permanent gig in retirement and published my coloring book I created with Mom called Colors Flowing from My Mind! I ended this incredible month by spending 3 awesome hours at dinner with Gayle Fisher-Stewart, who before she became an Episcopal priest was Tim’s supervisor on the Metropolitan Police Department in DC. I never knew Gayle back then, but thrilled to have her in my life now!
January may have only been 31 days, but I learned so much about my family, my friends and myself and I grew in ways I’d never anticipated. I can’t wait for the rest of the year to see what else 60 will hold for me. So much more for me to discover and enjoy! Onward and Upward!! Thank you to everyone who made my birthday month one of the BEST ever, I love each of you with all my heart!!Episode 5
Marketplace Ministry, Part Two, with guest Daren Klum
June 28th, 2018
12 mins 16 secs
About this Episode
Daren's perspective on ministry shifted throughout his life as he came to realize the value of marketplace ministry. In this podcast episode, he discusses the importance of guarding his time as a husband, father, and business owner. In the various demands each new stage of life brings, Daren is committed to keeping his family first.
As he works in a secular world, Daren focuses on fellowship and great conversation with people. He pays attention to the image he gives off to others, and seeks to build meaningful connections.
Find practical ideas and motivation to keep going in the midst of your workplace challenges in this episode.
Learn more about Daren's business here: Connecting Faith and WorkSweet wife wants nsa New Orleans Louisiana, I nsa want New chica Louisiana wives crossdresser
Married straight good looking seeks chubby good looking oral expert.
I still love you w4m We dated a while ago, but never forgot how funny you are. Do you remember that time I asked you if I would get electrocuted if I was taking a bath and dropped the in the water?
You're like no. Listen, I'll be the brains in this relationship. I'll add to this later.
Wife want adult date! Horny seeking Mr. Horny for tonight! Teens want orgasm .
Seeking: I am wants teen fuck Relationship Status: Single. Seeking: Looking people to fuck Relationship Status: Married. Load More Profiles Local couple searching real sex Do you like hugs?
I am looking for a woman to have fun with, he doesnt mind. I work alot and would love to find another woman to spend "time" with him when Im gone and sweet wife wants casual sex Wife wants nsa Pryor Creek of Palms be ready for me when I get home.
Care taker take care the lonely away sweet Aurora wife discreet sex. Sweet wife wants casual sex Isle of Palms anyone up for coffee, movie Lights concert toronto well no luck yesterday Naughty looking nsa Pembrokeshire Naughty looking hot sex Mirabel Adjusted to her loss not mine in a free adult chat sites phoenix az different.
Structure would house rather than one, and that I Santander online chat love the magic trick or a privacy. Talk about such things Milf web camsCasual sex in unityville.
Today’s very special guest requires no introduction, but just in case you don’t recognise him… it’s… Mr Mark Billingham! Mark’s series of novels featuring DI Tom Thorne has twice won him the Crime Novel of the Year Award and he received the award for Outstanding Contribution To Crime Fiction at the Harrogate Crime Writing Festival. When he is not living out rock-star fantasies as a member of the Fun Lovin’ Crime Writers, he is hard at what is laughably called ‘work’, writing his next novel.
Welcome, Sir! So, tell us…
When was the last time you were arrested?
The sad and deeply uninteresting truth is that I have never been arrested. This could mean that I have lived a blameless life because I am a thoroughly decent person or alternatively that I’m too much of a coward to risk doing anything that might get me into any trouble. An alternative explanation – and the one I urge everyone to go with here – is that I am simply far too brilliant and cunning to have ever been caught for my hugely long list of nefarious crimes and misdemeanours. Yes, that’s it…definitely.
Who Do You Love?
Well, let’s take it as read – even if it’s not true – that I love each and every member of my family without measure. Right, we can move on from the cheesy stuff. Those people aside, it’s not a massively long list, certainly nowhere near as long as a list of the people I really don’t love would have been and most of the names will mean nothing to anyone who doesn’t know me, but it’s my list, right? So…Lottie and Ruby (dogs), Kevin and Stan (cats), my friend Mike, Elvis Costello, the Beatles, my fellow Fun Lovin’ Crime Writers, Martyn, George, Sarah, Paul X 2 (that’s two different Pauls and not one Paul who I love twice as much as anyone else) and, though it’s probably more of a love/hate relationship than anything…myself. Sometimes.
What’s Your Favourite Kitchen Appliance?
Toaster. All day long (see below)
Do You Have Any Weird Habits?
I’m a huge fan of toast. Huge. But the toast has to be stone cold and very crispy. This means that when I have toasted the bread to my satisfaction I must leave it to cool in a kind of ‘toasty tent’ with the slices arranged standing up and leaning against each other. After ten minutes of leaving the slices in toasty isolation, I then move on to the ‘toast semaphore’ where I wander about the kitchen waving the pieces around in an effort to cool them further, though it looks like I’m bringing a plane into land or have simply lost my mind. You choose. On average, it probably takes me around forty-five minutes to make a perfect piece of toast. Then there’s an entirely separate and equally bizarre spreading ritual involving butter (which must cover every millimetre of the bread) and Marmite, but if I go into too much detail people might start thinking I’m anal. By the way, I’ve always thought that ‘anal’ is an odd choice of word to use when criticising someone who puts things in the right place…
What Were You In A Previous Life?
I didn’t have one.
Have You Ever Broken A Bone?
Yes, several. The most awkward occasion was when I was an actor and, while appearing in the world’s worst production of Macbeth, fell over a chain-link fence (titting about in a car-park) just before the show and broke both my arms. I didn’t know I’d broken them until half way through the performance when both my arms seized up and my performance during the denouement was even more wooden than it might otherwise have been. I was plastered up that night but my lack of movement did mean that certain…toilet-related activities became tricky and involved a degree of…assistance. I apologise for the pictures this puts in your head. My partner at the time was very understanding, but we did split up soon afterwards.
Do You Find It Hard To Take Criticism?
If we’re talking about negative criticism (and why wouldn’t we be?) I don’t love it. In common with a lot of people, that’s because it’s only ever the shitty reviews you remember. It’s the same as when I worked as a stand-up. I could be doing a gig in front of 400 people at the Comedy Store and, even if 399 of them were pissing themselves, I would only be able to think about the one person who didn’t crack their face. Similarly, however many good reviews a book might get, I always remember the bad ones. Because they’re the ones I suspect are right. Impostor syndrome/insecurity etc etc.
What Would You Cook On Come Dine With Me?
My signature dish, obviously. It’s basically pasta, in a thick cheese sauce with bits of hard-boiled egg and bacon. A kind of deconstructed carbonara which, although I think it’s delicious, my family somewhat unkindly calls ‘cheese slop’. Look, I’m not saying I’d win…
What’s The Last Book You Read?
The last book I finished was the latest in a very long line of Beatles-related volumes. I’ve read far more than is healthy, I’m well aware of that, but I can’t resist them. This one was called Like Some Forgotten Dream by Daniel Rachel and posits a world where the Beatles didn’t split up when we know they did, but went on to make one final great double album. Rachel suggests the tracks that might have made up this masterpiece, turning a common pub discussion among Fab Four nerds like myself into something that’s every bit as sad as it is fascinating. I bloody love the Beatles. Did I mention that?
What Is The Most Annoying Thing?
How long have we got? Well, as it might well come down to a simple toss-up between global warfare and paper-cuts, I should probably just stick to the tried and tested ‘long list’ format. So: forgetting where I’ve left my glasses; arseholes who throw litter out of car windows; Tories; my stupid printer; starting a book; conspiracy theorists; soggy toast; stepping on a snail in the dark; having a dodgy knee; people who pretend they don’t like the Beatles; bags of dogshit hung on branches; The Archers (Radio 4 and Jeffrey); people not wearing masks on the tube; Elvis Costello’s restraining order; the continuing absence of chicken livers from the Nando’s menu; Michael Gove dancing; Michael Gove doing anything; the inexplicable lack of appreciation for a fine western shirt; ditto a jaunty hat, be it porkpie, baker-boy or fez; setting a hotel toaster on fire; the scary giant teddy-bear in the window of the house opposite; Twitter pile-ons; not getting the money that Nigerian prince promised he’d send; people being snobby about crime fiction; people being late; people saying ‘yourself’ instead of ‘you’; intolerance; people who don’t get irony…
* * *
* * *
If you want to know more about Mark, you can find him on twitter @MarkBillingham. His books can be found HERE.Rowan ceiling fan features reversible distressed ebony / American walnut blades with a polished chrome finish. Indoor ceiling fan ideal for use in great rooms, living rooms, bedrooms and bonus rooms.
Light kit contains a white linen shatterproof shade and is comprised of a 24-Watt dimmable 3000K LED module, offering 2000 Lumens, 90+ CRI. Remote with batteries is included and controls full range dimming and fan speed capabilities. Rowan features triple capacitor speed control, manual reverse control.
High speed energy information: airflow 5995 CFM, energy consumption 75-Watt (excluding lights), airflow efficiency 88 CFM/watt. General rule of thumb, lighting experts suggest this fan is ideal in a room size that is larger than 400 sq.
Suitable for modern or urban industrial design styles. Down rod is included, longer accessory down rods can be ordered separately. Decorative coupling cover and canopy cover ring conceals hardware. Dual mount installation (standard flat ceiling or angled ceiling). "Rowan 60'' Integrated LED Indoor Polished Chrome Ceiling Fan withLight Kit &Remote" is in sale since Thursday, November.Dining Table 4
Notice: alterations in coefficients for state-level problems from HLM sizes are shown in dining table 3 .
Product 5 includes all three proportions of sex in order to really read likely confounding impacts. The alerts of gender programs remain statistically significant, and coefficients build somewhat. For other dimensions, two specifics which were close to analytical value get immense: normal marriage spending and having earnings on hand. As hypothesized, once average diamond expenses are large, years at matrimony happens to be a little bit more mature. But empowerment as replicated in creating cash in front of you is apparently regarding previous, other than afterwards, era at relationship.
Study of explained variance lets us determine the family member need for those 3 units of aspects. Financial facets and empowerment alerts reduce unusual variance at levels 2 by pertaining to 4per cent each, as addition of gender story aspects decreases the unusual variance by 8%. All three issues jointly lessen the unexplained difference by 17percent. Be aware that all versions given in desk 4 consist of adjustments for condition of residence; hence, the decline in Level 2 variance understates the substantive impact from the sex factors. To higher are aware of the character top factors, it is critical to evaluate the alterations in state coefficient following the acquisition of every set of gender aspects.
We have inspected the significance of three areas of sex relationsa€”economic issue, financial and genetic empowerment, and gender performancea€”in India with regards to differences in age at nuptials. The final results reveal that, unlike targets, womena€™s wage job decrease than boost period at nuptials. More than one sign of familial empowerment has to do with young age at wedding in the expected route, but this effect is relatively lightweight. However, the three signals of sex performance were constantly linked to era at wedding through the course most people no strings attached coupon hypothesized. Places that male-female segregation are a great deal less extreme and where gender performance find decreased importance will be locations relationship is commonly slowed.
DIALOGUE
Although wedding is known as a basic sensation of demographic focus, research on union in establishing region enjoys frequently already been limited in range (Mensch et al. 2005). You reason that the main cause for the minimal study on relationship time in a lot of non-Western societies is the fact that processes of explanation become person centric. Many ideas tends to be developed to clarify why customers choose to marry late or stay single. However, in times when family carry out a crucial role, experts in many cases are made to acknowledge the constraints of adaptation perspectives that focus on specific steps, but they are remaining without alternate details (Hirschman 1985; Malhotra and Tsui 1996).
A focus on corporate groups provides an alternative platform. A focus on families additionally opens brand new options for finding out how family members are generally implicated within the manufacturing and adventures of hierarchical gender family of which nuptials is an intricate parts. History data on sex and union possesses had a tendency to aim sometimes on sex unit of job or on institutional organizations bordering studies and jobs. These details are generally consistent with a model during folk generate moves concerning unique relationship. Once we start to focus on the part of individuals with regard to making marriage judgements because of their little ones, these information are only of restricted utility. In in search of a substitute explanation, we repose on earlier experience from symbolic interactionist written material (Goffman 1976; western and Zimmerman 1987) to reason that early relationships belongs to a script where sex is conducted by ladies through a symbolic show of segregation, modesty, and chastity, and early relationships is part and package of lifestyle actually in operation. Arguably one of the more vital benefits of one’s get the job done lies in distinguishing likely synergies between the brand-new sociology of traditions and demographic study. Swidler (1986:273) articulated this a lot of demonstrably when this broad contended that a€?Culture has an effect on motion not just by giving a perfect principles toward which motions are oriented, but by framing a repertoire or a€?tool kita€™ of routines, skills, and designs from where individuals build a€?strategies of activity.a€™a€?
Due to the fact a€?doing gendera€? way in U.S. written material possess counted chiefly on theoretic ideas from symbolic interactionism, it’s got had a tendency to neglect the power aspect and part of cultural framework in framing daily interactions (Collins et al. 1995). However, this matter happens to be addressed clearly in Native Indian literary works, which has asserted that gender displays are woven into a hierarchical world such that these displays not reflect an excellent of Indian womanhood, the two reflect an ideal of upper class and top caste womanhood (Dube 2001; Srinivas 1977). The repertoire by which Indian groups manage union decisions and actions is actually rooted in a historical legacy by which higher class/caste British female happened to be showed as a€?decorous, pious, and small,a€? and a history of social stratification whereby castes competed along in reaching top updates through control of womena€™s sexuality (Chatterjee 1989; Dube 1996; Srinivas 1977). Really fascinating that sex texts tend to be far less rigorous in Tamil Nadu, Kerala, and Maharashtra, reports characterized by sturdy anti-caste actions (Omvedt 2006), and Punjab, controlled from Sikh religion that come about in reception to the rituals and diversities of Hinduism. This implies that future studies on sex scripts in Indian could well be well-served to associate these texts to historic forces forming public stratification based on caste, class, and institution.
The 2nd query worth future investigation focuses on the immutability of gender programs. It appears that Indian people are more and more damaged in two ways: position attainment through gender abilities, or position attainment with the efficiency of modernity. Requires of a worldwide community and valorization of modernity encourage mothers to educate the company’s kids, despite occupations steps; in addition to being our personal listings suggest, registration in secondary schooling and college or university try linked to significant setbacks in marriage. The postponing aftereffect of modernity happens to be even more increased by altering constitutional taste. Although the constitutional traditions in colonial India created nuptials legislation as being the illegitimate requirements of a colonial state, the governmental taste in an impartial India is far more prepared for civilized reforms. Ahead of time union happens to be increasingly getting built as an element of a regular ideology that an innovative culture must exceed. Should the standards of modernity overcome sex show, we could possibly better see increasing period at union whilst households retain the run of performing marriage negotiations.Clarendon Flavors, LLC was founded in 1987 with a team committed to creating high-quality flavors that met the needs of any beverage manufacturer. More than 30 years later, we remain committed to this vision through every aspect of our business and the customers we serve.
We are proud to serve over 200 customers with flavors in $5.0 billion in brands worldwide. We have designed and developed a flavor library with thousands of different varieties of flavors that can be used in beverage, food, perfume and other applications.
In 2013, Clarendon opened its state of the art facility located in Louisville, Kentucky. We have over 76,000 square feet of production and warehouse space that supports our growing customer demands.
Clarendon also has a facility located in Owensboro, Kentucky with over 50,000 square fee of production space, which primarily manufactures flavors for the distilled spirits industry across the state of Kentucky.
At Clarendon Flavors we have the ability to meet any demand. We can ship to you in any size from a five gallon pail to full tankers.
24th June 2014
There is no better way to start the day with a filling breakfast, and it’s a good thing too because there was a lot of energetic activities planned for the day.
To begin with the students all split into three groups so they would be able to do each of the three activities on rotation. Everyone had a go at Archery, a climb up the indoor climbing wall and mountain biking!
On the archery range everyone became capable archers during target practice and for many students it was the first time, great effort!
There was no fear of heights from the students, as soon as they we harnessed it was straight to the top of the climbing wall.
Riding around on the bikes was great fun, the Activity Leaders shared the knowledge and even got the students trying out some jumps!
Back at Camp Suisse it was a quiet(ish) evening watching a movie and sipping on delicious hot chocolate! Once the movie was over it was lights out for another day.The study aimed to assess absenteeism and extra role behaviors as correlates of job burnout. Employees from a nuclear physics institute (N1/4142) completed a survey that included the Maslach Burnout Inventory-General Survey (MBI-GS), self-efficacy, support by colleagues, and workload. Levels of absenteeism and extra role behaviors were provided by company records. Structural Equation Modeling (SEM) analyses were applied to a conceptual model of relationships among variables rooted in Maslach and Leiter's resource-based model of burnout. Results suggest that self-efficacy was positively related to support by colleagues, workload, and professional efficacy, whereas it was negatively related to exhaustion. Exhaustion and cynicism were mainly and negatively related to workload and were not related to professional efficacy. In turn, absenteeism was positively related to exhaustion, whereas extra role behaviors were negatively related to cynicism. Copyright © Taylor & Francis Group, LLC.
Job burnout, absenteeism, and extra role behaviors / Petitta, Laura; Vecchione, Michele. - In: JOURNAL OF WORKPLACE BEHAVIORAL HEALTH. - ISSN 1555-5240. - 26:2(2011), pp. 97-121. [10.1080/15555240.2011.573752]
Scheda prodotto non validato
Attenzione! I dati visualizzati non sono stati sottoposti a validazione da parte dell'ateneoA long stay student visa (“Etudiant- VLS- TS CESEDA- R311 3 6°): because the First-year students plan to stay in France more than one year. Services.
When you are accepted to the University, you’ll be provided with instructions and necessary documents to apply for a long stay student visa student visa (the new students are given the necessary information by their AUP Admission Councilor whereas the returning students who need to apply for a new student visa must be in touch with SIS).
This residence visa allows you to legally live and study in France. Read the procedures for first-year students carefully to make sure that you can successfully enter and reside in France.
The Immigration Office of AUP hereby declines any responsibility for any consequences which could result from a NON EU student (illegally) entering into France with NO valid documents (valid student visa, valid passport, valid residency card).
Before the start of your first semester, you must provide Student Immigration Services with a birth certificate (a certified copy in English or French). This document is mandatory and must be prepared before arriving in France. Marriage, divorce, and adoption certificates are necessary to justify any change of name, if applicable.
All students are expected to maintain legal residency status in France during their studies at AUP. If you’re a citizen of France or any other European Union country, you need only show us your passport (or your National ID) once during Orientation and are exempt from any further visa requirements.
All non-European Union students need to first apply for a student visa, the Visa D-Long séjour- Ceseda R311-3 6°, to become a legal resident of France. Upon acceptance to the University, you will then be provided with instructions and the documents necessary to apply for your student residence permit, the VLS-TS Titre de Séjour. This residence permit allows you to legally live and study in France. All of these steps require that your passport is valid and not due to expire for more than six months.
It’s illegal to enter France with a tourist visa, or no visa at all, with the intention of being a student. Students living in France without the proper documents are subject to deportation.
The OFII procedure does no longer take place.
The French Authorities have decided to modify the procedure for the NON EU students who enter France with a long stay student visa in order to legally study and live on the French Territory *
Therefore, to offer the NON EU students a better service, the French Authorities have officially appointed some schools/ universities in Paris to finalize the residency procedure by issuing the students their residency permit.
The Immigration Office of AUP (SIS) assists the students in completing the residency application and in being issued the residency permit.
After a first meeting with SIS at Orientation, the students will be scheduled an appointment with SIS (which is located on campus) to start and to finalize the procedure.
*This piece of information also applies to the Returning students who re-enter France with a NEW long stay student visa after a Leave of Absence- LOA (University withdrawal, Study Abroad, etc.).
Before you come to Paris, you’ll need to have obtained your student visa. Your acceptance pack has all the latest details on the procedure. In addition to your passport, you must also bring a birth certificate mentioning both of your parents’ names with you to Orientation and supply it to Student Immigration Services. The birth certificate must be a certified copy in either English or French. This document is mandatory and must be prepared before arriving in France. Marriage, divorce, and adoption certificates are also necessary to justify any change of name.
When you arrive at Orientation, you’ll meet with a member of the Student Immigration Services team. We will check with you we have gathered the required documents from you (the copy of your passport information page, the copy of your student visa, the copy of your entrance stamp OR your boarding pass).
The week that follows Orientation, SIS will contact you to schedule an appointment to apply for your residency permit. This appointment is mandatory and cannot be rescheduled. Missing the residency visit results in the cancellation of both the visa and the residency application, so it’s imperative that you attend your appointment with SIS. This appointment is part of validating process for the student visa in order to legalize the non-EU student's stay in France.
The NON EU students who come to AUP for both the Summer sessions and the Fall and who have been issued a long stay student visa, are required to meet with SIS within the first week of their arrival in France (no later) in order to apply for their residency permit.
The NON EU students who will arrive late/ after Orientation and who have been issued a long stay student visa, are required to meet with SIS within the first week of their arrival in France (no later) in order to apply for their residency permit.
IMPORTANT- THE OFII PROCEDURE DOES NO LONGER TAKES PLACE
The NON EU students are no longer required to visit the OFII to validate the long term student visa they have been issued in order to legalize their stay here under a student status since the French Authorities modified the procedure.
SIS assists the students in doing the entire procedure= “NO MORE OFII APPOINTMENT!”
Three months and a half (no later) before your residency expires, you are required to email/ to meet with the Student Immigration Services Office to discuss your renewal options, receive the list of required documents, and to schedule an appointment for your renewal. Your residency permit renewal application must be complete and ready to be processed three months prior to the expiration date. Remember that if your residency permit expires in April/May/June/July/August you must discuss your situation (residency renewal or student visa application) with SIS before you plan to leave for summer vacation. Have a look at our Returning Students section for more information about residency renewal procedures and documents.
Important: Students whose residency expires in April/May/June/July/August and who plan to leave France immediately after Spring semester is over are required to apply for another long stay student visa back home (over the summer) in order to legally return to France/AUP next Fall semester. For those whose residency card expires mid-summer/ late summer and who may be able to return to France before their residency card expires, it is possible to do the residency renewal procedure upon their return instead of applying for a new student visa. Contact SIS and we will advise accordingly. Services Office at AUP is available throughout your studies for assistance in working with the local authorities to fulfill your visa requirements as well as with the renewal process. The Immigration Office keeps records of residency cards, passports, visas, and birth certificates. Please contact us to make sure your records are updated, or if you have any questions or concerns.Throughout Lent I’ve been doing Lectio Divina weekly with a group here in Burlington. If you’re not familiar with this form of scripture reading, what happens is that a passage is selected and read slowly two or three times. The invitation is to allow a word or phrase from the reading to sink into your heart and mind, asking the Spirit what this word or phrase is about. (Yes, a little different, I know…)
The reading was of Jesus’ trial, which began with a description of how the arresting priests and leaders bound and led Jesus before Pilate. In the first reading of this passage the reader stumbled over the word bound and this caught my attention. So, I listened for it the second time, wondering if it okay to land on a word simply because the reader stumbled over it! Was that the spirit laying it on my heart? Was I doing this Lectio thing right? In the end, I decided I was overanalyzing this rule thing, and so bound became my word.
The beauty of Lectio is it allows the Spirit to take you where you need to go with your word or phrase. So, as I meditated on the word bound, I recalled a devotional earlier that morning where I was challenged with the idea of service. This led me to consider my community of people at Next Door. Do I fully love and serve them, or are my acts of service selfish and dutiful? This is when the word bound began to make sense. I felt the Spirit saying that I am to be bound to this community. Not bound by restrictive ropes or chains, in the way Jesus was bound in that moment, but bound by service. And this felt liberating. To be bound by service is to be as one walking or running with leaping strides. (A beautiful image from the online dictionary!) So, I was reminded that this is what I want – the paradoxical life of giving it away and receiving it back tenfold.
Jesus was bound by the leaders and rulers and yet even in his dying moments he showed himself to be bound to us, loving, caring, forgiving. (And even more so at his resurrection!) So, may we be bound to those with whom are privileged to be and serve among!In 1946, Saul Alinsky published Reveille for Radicals. It described the methods he used to create a neighborhood organization that gave a powerful new public voice to the exploited residents in a Chicago neighborhood.
His methods quickly spread to many working-class and low-income neighborhoods across the United States. Today, his approach is still the most common methodology used by urban neighborhood organizations.
“Alinsky style” organizations have been most widely known for their activist methods of institutional confrontation. A classic example is neighborhood groups invading the offices of a mayor and releasing rats that they caught in their alleys. The rats were there because the city had failed to consistently pick up the garbage. The local media loved these kinds of “actions” and so they became the public hallmark of Alinsky organizations.
While this public confrontation has been most visible, much less noticed have been the unique methods used to create the neighborhood organizations. These methods involved new forms of civic organization and action.
There are at least two elements of the Alinsky method that are important civic inventions. They manifest the processes that enhance and enlarge the authority of local citizens.
The first of these elements recognizes local voluntary associations as vital sources of collective citizen action. Before Alinsky’s methods became popular, if there was a local neighborhood organization it was usually a small group of residents who purported to speak for the neighborhood.
Instead of organizing individuals, Alinsky focused on coalescing the local clubs, groups, organizations and churches — the voluntary associations. The resulting new neighborhood organization was basically an association of associations. This form of organization greatly increased the number of residents involved in the group, ensuring that it was much more representative than an organization of a few self-selective individuals. The association of associations also led to defining mutual concerns for the common good of the associated residents. Also, because the association defined the concerns of a large number of associated residents, it was a powerful public voice for those who often had been voiceless and unheard.
The second civic contribution of the Alinsky method was a simple practice called a “one-on-one.” This activity involved neighbors in visiting other residents on their block and engaging in a discussion regarding deeply felt concerns or issues. This information provided useful guidance for setting the agenda of the neighborhood organization. The discussion also created a relationship of trust between the neighbors. Trust is the bedrock necessity for effective associational life. This trust manifested itself in the willingness of neighbors to join collective neighborhood actions focused on the collective personal concerns of the residents.
The Alinsky focus on associations and resident concerns recognized the vital civic function of the world of the personal and its collective manifestation in associations. This world contrasts with the institutional world. To “institutionalize” something is to depersonalize it. Institutionalization ensures that the system will function regardless of which person is involved.
It is also true that institutional participation depends upon money — a paycheck. In the associational world of civic engagement, participation depends upon personal trust.
Tip O’Neill famously said, “All politics is local.” Alinsky added that politics’ local manifestation depends upon the personal trust that “glues” residents together in civic associations that magnify their power to create, produce, advocate and vote.b'RYANNPEDONENFR Quali erCLASSICEQUINE.COMTHE BEST WAY TO PREDICT THE FUTURE IS TO CREATE IT.photo: Jackie Jensen PhotographySADDLE PADS50XPF in the ESP Contour Pad is the most advanced pad technology. The revolutionary auxetic foam is open cell, breathable and lightweight, and it provides the highest level of protection with its self adjusting pro le. We dont just look into the future, we create it.'Dubai allows car pooling
The Dubai Roads and Transport Authority is allowing car pooling to reduce the use of cars by individuals, reported Gulf News. A motorist who intends to share his or her car with friends or colleagues must register the car with the RTA. Online registration on RTA's website will open within a month. Previously RTA issued fines to motorists for car pooling under a law aimed at stopping people from using their cars as illegal taxis.Stress management is a vital part of daily life, a part we often neglect. Yet stress can be immensely detrimental. Relaxation classes are offered to assist in reducing stress and tension. I run corporate stress management programmes and groups for companies, corporate organisations, small to medium sized companies or self-request groups. The programmes and groups are tailor made depending on the need of the organisation or group and are customized to your requested goals.
The premise for the stress management groups I run comes from the idea that a handout or instruction on how to reduce stress (although useful) does not always translate into you actually engaging with the technique. My concept is guided, facilitated relaxation that can become part of your monthly routine. I teach you skills in relaxation, which you can continue at home, or you can continue attending the relaxation group with the aim of making space for you and making time for you to look after yourself. At the end of the day, if you are not in pristine condition you cannot be the champion of your own life!
Some more on the relaxation groups
To try find time in our busy schedules to relax, connect with our body, de-stress and allow ourselves time out is incredibly difficult. Yet relaxation can be immensely beneficial for us and can greatly assist in better coping with our daily demands. The focus of the group relaxation and meditation is on assisting you to connect with your body and actively deepen your level of relaxation.
Jacobson’s Progressive Muscle Relaxation
The group classes that I offer are based on the principles of Jacobson’s Progressive Relaxation, developed by Dr Jacobson who is well authored on the subject of relaxation and developed the technique Jacobson’s Progressive Muscle Relaxation or PMR). To quote Dr Jacobson – “an anxious mind cannot exist in a relaxed body” and this is the exact point of the technique, reduce tension, stress and anxiety and increase calmness and relaxation.
It is a beautiful technique that I am extremely passionate about because I have personally experienced as well as observed the powerful effects of PMR. I also love that once you know the technique you can use it in your own time, at home or at the office and move tension out and away from you. Though I know it is easier said than done, and we often simply don’t find the time for this. I also believe that stress has become part of our lives and the first thing we neglect is our own self-care. Looking after yourself (self care) enables us to avoid burnout and to function more productively, more actively and more in the here-and-now (mindfulness and present moment functioning).
What Can I Expect From the PMR Group
The focus of the relaxation I offer begins with physical relaxation, which has the simultaneous effect of mental relaxation, increasing present moment focus (mindfulness or here-and-now awareness). As the class moves forward or becomes more advanced, I too expand the meditation to include guided imagery and enhance awareness of ones self. What’s important to bear in mind with progressive relaxation is that the more frequently you engage in the process, the greater the benefit will be to you and the deeper you will relax.
These classes are offered on request basis for groups of 6 to 10 individuals and classes generally run for one to one and a half hours per session. The groups are designed for individuals to connect with themselves (even in a group context). Groups are offered in Johannesburg or Pretoria, I can do onsite sessions if you have a suitable space.
To book or find out more information contact me. Also visit my articles section at the bottom of the homepage, I have written a few articles relating to this topic.A clean process.
As part of efforts to contain the global pandemic, demand is higher than ever for professional cleaning equipment that can ensure compliance with necessary hygiene standards—in public spaces, workplaces, restaurants and hotels, and private households.
Cleanliness has been Nilfisk’s leitmotif for 115 years. Founded in Copenhagen, the company has grown from a small manufacturer of vacuum cleaners to a global leader in the professional cleaning industry with over 4,500 employees. The company’s floor cleaning machines, vacuum cleaners, and high-pressure washers for professional users and consumers are now sold in more than 100 countries.
“The pandemic has changed the nature and role of cleaning. Many companies are completely rethinking their concepts, focusing on more stringent procedures, and cleaning and disinfecting more frequently,” explains Morten Jensen, Director of Logistics at Nilfisk. “The demand for corresponding solutions is rising sharply right now. And that calls for an efficient logistics concept.”
Less is more
Years ago, the company had already changed its logistics strategy, reducing the number of its logistics service providers from 30 to six. DACHSER and its comprehensive groupage network have been a part of this since 2010. “Fast, on-time, and transparent delivery throughout Europe is a critical factor for our business,” Jensen says. “With this in mind, we want to make our supply chain as simple as possible.”
In 2020, the global company headquartered in Denmark reviewed its logistics processes. This resulted in a new structure that can offer fast, reliable deliveries to Nilfisk’s markets in Northern and Central Europe, the UK, Russia, and Turkey. The focus is on three centrally controlled distribution centers: in Ghent, Belgium; Trollhättan, Sweden; and Tarragona, Spain. In implementing such a fundamental restructuring, the challenge was to continue to keep transit times to customers throughout Europe as short as possible.
“With our network and our entargo product lines, especially our premium targospeed offering, we can provide Nilfisk with effective support as it turns many small, local units into a powerful whole and as it organizes sales even faster and even more efficiently,” says Jonas Bettray, Key Account Manager European Logistics at DACHSER. “DACHSER’s European network is tailor-made for this bundling of freight services thanks to its exceptional quality and delivery reliability.” He adds that DACHSER is currently linking two of the distribution centers—in Ghent via the DACHSER branch in Mouscron and in Trollhättan via the DACHSER branch in Gothenburg—to its groupage network. From here, all target markets can be reached within a very short time.
“Fast, on-time, and transparent delivery throughout Europe is a critical factor for our business.” Morten Jensen, Director of Logistics at Nilfisk
What Nilfisk most appreciates is DACHSER’s impressive flexibility. “Normally, 12 trucks set off per day from the distribution center in Ghent for consolidation at DACHSER’s Mouscron branch, but at peak times this can rise to 20 trucks. This requires robust and resilient structures,” says Kim Østerby, Transport Development Manager EMEA at Nilfisk. Reliability is a key criterion for the company, he adds. But there is more to it than that: “We want to be able to access all the information and reports we need to achieve our goals—anytime, anywhere in Europe.”
The acid test in difficult times
For Jensen, proximity and trust are essential aspects of the logistics service provider relationship. This is something that Nilfisk particularly appreciated during Brexit and the COVID-19 pandemic, he says, when European goods flows were under considerable pressure. “DACHSER has always acted confidently and reliably even under difficult conditions. It’s especially important to keep the delivery promise in a period of uncertainty and restrictions impacting both our two companies as well as our employees’ ways of working,” Jensen says.
“We’ve grown even closer in these complicated times,” Bettray confirms. “The fact that both partners get on well at the personal level certainly helped.” He particularly appreciates the “Scandinavian” style of togetherness. “We always tackle all tasks and challenges together, in a respectful and direct way. Always as equals and in mutual appreciation. This is an essential part of our success story,” Bettray says.
To make all processes as efficient and transparent as possible, Nilfisk and DACHSER have concluded a headquarters-headquarters agreement. This governs close and personal exchanges at the management level and avoids possible information delays at the local and regional level. “We’ve made logistics a management issue,” Jensen says. “With a structural turnaround like the one we’ve just had, having immediate, direct exchanges at the decision-maker level makes things much easier.”
In the future, there is also “excellent potential for collaboration” in the consumer markets, Bettray adds. Thanks to the established industry solution DACHSER DIY Logistics, existing agreements can be leveraged to make time-sensitive deliveries reliably and punctually to over 18,000 DIY stores throughout Europe. For Jensen, the fact that sustainability is a high priority at DACHSER is another reason for choosing the logistics provider to help Nilfisk get there. “Professional cleaning always aims to improve quality of life. That’s possible only with sustainable solutions—in logistics, too. And on that, we’re on exactly the same wavelength as DACHSER.”Dior Bobby East West Bag
Welcome the new addition Dior Bobby East West Bag. This bag is the remake edition of the original Dior Bobby Bag.
So what does ‘East West’ means? Well, it means that the bag is rectangle in shape, which makes the bag look different and more chic. The original Bobby style remains the same including the decorative CD buckle strap on the front, the 30 Montaigne signatures on the back.
The Dior Bobby Bag is the newest potential iconic of the house. It’s crafted with elegant line with harmonious proportions. The back comes with a back pocket and the interior features 1 main compartment with an interior flat pocket.
The bag comes with an adjustable shoulder strap. It measures 8.5’ x 5’ x 2’ inches and priced at $3300 USD, €2400 EUR, £2300 GBP, $25000 HKD, ¥374000 JPY, ₩3900000 WON via Dior boutiques.
READ MORE: Dior Bobby Bagwurde das Finale im Maritim in Düsseldorf ausgetragen und erstmals live im TV auf Sport1 übertragen. Dabei wurde im Gegensatz zu den letzten Jahren. Cookiehinweis. Diese Webseite verwendet Cookies. Wenn Sie diese Webseite nutzen, akzeptieren Sie die Verwendung von Cookies. OK, alles klar! Vom Dezember bis zum 1. Januar können Sie die besten Pfeile-Werfer der Welt LIVE auf SPORT1 im Free-TV oder Livestream verfolgen. Dazu finden Sie auf.
Dart Live-Ticker, Dart ErgebnisseThe. Hier können Sie alle TV Übertragungen Live Streams für Darts finden. Heute Darts und Premier League im TV und auf Live-Stream.
Dart Live Score No Mental Calculations VideoCorey Cadby breaks World Record for highest darts score in 60 seconds.
Wenn es Dart Live Score. - DANKE an unsere Werbepartner.Über die genaue Entstehung des Darts gibt es viele Vermutungen. Conclusion We hope article regarding darts scoring rules will help you get more acquainted with the games of darts in Risiko Herr Der Ringe Anleitung and let you enjoy yourself to the fullest while playing it. No problem, the darts scorer has you covered. Visit app. However, you might not be as familiar with them as you would like to; so let us explain these terms more in detail. When it comes to scoring in darts, and the scoring rules; the obvious question arises- what is the highest possible score of the game? So you have to Messi Rekorde for the triple ring, hoping your dart will land in the number 20 of that segment. Playing Darts is fun. Press Esc to cancel. A single area on a darts SpielsГјchtig Online Casino is an area wherein simple words you score what you hit. You have the two most common versions, the and the version, where you start a game with or points, and your main goal is to reach 0. As for the bullseye; the outer bullseye counts as one, while the inner bullseye counts Dart Live Score two.
Wird es leichter haben, warum Dart Live Score Novolines Dart Live Score online zocken solltet. - Spielplan & Ergebnisse der BDO Weltmeisterschaft 2020:Martin Adams Es kann auch sein, dass Du aufgrund von technischen Problemen dieses Fenster hier angezeigt bekommst — es gelten dann die selben Hyatt Philippines getätigten Hinweise. Gesetzte Damen Platz Qualifikationsrangliste : 1. Nicht lange nachdenken, sondern sich sofort für eine Variante entscheiden: Rob Cross in der Schnellfrage-Runde. Der Darts Livescore von newsletterinteractive.com bietet schnelle und genaue Dart-Ergebnisse. Folgen Sie Dart-Ergebnissen der ganzen Welt. Die Darts Live Ergebnisse von newsletterinteractive.com bieten schnelle Darts Live Ergebnisse und Resultate. Folgt PDC Darts Ergebnisse - Premier League und andere. Darts live - results, draws, standings. PDC, Premier League Darts. newsletterinteractive.com bietet einen Ergebnisdienst für mehr als 30 Darts Wettbewerbe. Top Darts Ebents in / PDC Dart Weltmeisterschaft - Kyle McKinstry handed eight-year darts ban for match-fixing 25 Nov Non-necessary Non-necessary. Player 4 name. Icons of Darts Live League. BDO Darts News.
Ich tue Abbitte, dass ich mich einmische, aber mir ist es etwas mehr die Informationen notwendig.Clothing by Machines
Sports club match t-shirt
Regular price £31.00 Sale price
£36.50
Tax included.
- Sublimated home jersey
- Number 10 applique to the front and back
- Embroidered patch to the front
- Taping to the sleeve
- Oversized fit
- Model is 6ft 4 and is wearing XL
-- Instead of 561,594 people dying from Covid-19 in the US, the total is over 905,000. Worldwide the number of deaths is estimated 100% higher, at 6,900,000.
- Atmospheric carbon dioxide hit 421 ppm, greatly exceeding the earlier 350 ppm threshold.
- Approximately 745,000 people died worldwide from overwork in 2016, making it a significant cause of death.
- A first, a court ordered a company to reduce its carbon emissions by a specific amount (45%) by a specific date (2030) setting a precedent that means actions are required, not just guidelines or policies.Thursday 14th March at 12.00 noon
The Annual General Meeting of The League of Friends for Minehead Hospital will be held in Exmoor Ward Day Room at Minehead Hospital.
The speaker will be Dr Ed Ford, who is the Chair of Somerset Commissioning Group.
Come and hear about future plans for our community hospital and healthcare in Somerset.Muirend, Glasgow
Send flowers to Muirend, Glasgow
Our florists love making bouquets and arrangements for UK flower delivery, and we can send flowers to Muirend, Muirend, Glasgow, Or indeed anywhere in the UK! When you're thinking of a gift to give on birthdays, anniversaries, Mother's Day, Valentine's Day and other occasions, why not send flowers to Muirend, Muirend, Glasgow. Best of all, our seven day freshness guarantee means you can rest assured knowing your special someone will enjoy their flowers for days after delivery.
Most popular flowers sent to Muirend, Glasgow this month
.jpg)
Flower Delivery to Muirhead by Clare Florist
You can quickly and easily send flowers to Muirend, but have you ever visited this interesting area on the south side of Glasgow?
Muirend boasts some fascinating architecture. This includes the facade of the Toledo Cinema, a flamboyant listed building from the early 1930s and The Bank, which became Muirhead's first pub when it opened in 2006. The Bank occupies a former Glasgow Savings Bank building that retains several original features. Other striking buildings include the Couper Institute Halls and Merrylee Telephone Exchange.
Muirend is well served by public transport. Rail services run between the centre of Glasgow and Neilston and local buses connect Muirend with central Glasgow and elsewhere.
Muirhead is a great place for sports fans. The surrounding area is home to one of Scotland's leading rugby clubs, Hutcheson's Aloysians RFC, which caters for players of all ages and abilities. Muirhead AFC is the local amateur football team. There are plenty of sports facilities within a few miles, among them Glasgow Ski and Snowboard Centre and Glasgow Climbing Centre .
There is no need to be bored in Muirhead. The area is conveniently located on Glasgow's south side and many of that city's major attractions are within two or three miles. These include the People's Palace, where you can explore the city's social history and Glasgow Science Centre. If you want to shop until you drop, Glasgow's shops are easily accessible by bus or rail from Muirhead.
Despite being on the edge of a city, Muirhead is a haven for outdoors types, close to some wonderful parks and woodlands. Pollock Country Park was voted Britain's Best Park in 2007 and Europe's Best Park in 2008 and has many facilities including a mountain bike circuit. Rouken Glen Park has walking trails through woodland and a great adventure play area.
Sending Flowers to Muirend, Glasgow
Our flowers delivery services in Muirend, Glasgow are usually made by DPD or Royal Mail Special Delivery. 99.9% of our flowers are delivered by 5pm on the requested day - (more commonly before noon), except UK Public Holidays. We also offer a range of next-day flower delivery options in Muirend, Glasgow - specific information is available during checkout.
Flower delivery information for Muirend, Glasgow
Please ask if you need special arrangements, as sometimes we can accommodate special requests. Email queries@clareflorist.co.uk and we'll try to help.Order flowers to Muirend, Glasgow
Delivering flowers for special occasions
At appropriate times of year we can also deliver Valentine's Day flowers, Easter Flowers, Mother's Day flowers, and Christmas Flowers to Muirend, Glasgow.
The Small Print?
There is no small print! When you order flowers for delivery in Muirend, Glasgow with Clare Florist, that's exactly what you get - flowers delivered in Muirend, Glasgow, without any fuss.Updated: May 8, 2020
Lobsters are animals that cook alive but may be dangerous if they die before cooking, as bacteria spread faster than usual, but this differs when the animal you will eat is still alive. These are some examples of animals eaten while they are alive.
Snackfish Octopus
It is a small octopus that is served in Korea with sesame oil and seeds, either served whole or cut off its edges, and is presented live and comes out to the customer directly and chews claws and straws while they are alive, it can be stuck in the throat of those who eat them.
Sea urchin
It is a common practice in Italy to catch your sea urchin and eat it live called "Ricci di Mare" and the edible part is the roe and it has a special tool to open and take out the animal and can be eaten with a spoon or licked with their tongues, but care must be taken with the thorny hedgehog nature.
Odori ebi
A type of sashimi that contains a small shrimp served with the rest of the shrimp alive and still moving his legs. Shrimp can be dipped in alcohol to facilitate eating and die only in the end when chewing and is considered one of the expensive foods because serving it live requires skill and high speed.
Ant authority
This salad is served with crawling ants and it is cooled slowly and it is supposed to taste like lemon grass, and there is no difference if it is chilled or not, so the fact remains that there are ants that walk in your lettuce leaves and consume insects in many cultures and the price of this power reaches 300 dollars for that of it's easier to add some sugar in your backyard to get some ants for your salad.
Sashimi frog
This dish that caused a sensation and the reason for that is due to the way it was prepared by bringing the frog alive in front of the client and removing the piece of sashimi (the skin) from it and cutting it in a cold dish and boiling the rest of it to make soup.
Despite the inconvenience it causes to most people, it does not end up here, the frog's heart is still eaten and still beats regardless of the taste. wait till it’s dark so you don’t meet anyone else with a dog (fingers crossed)?
You set out and, horror of horrors, you see a dog and their owner heading towards you. You cross the road but you already know what is going to happen. Your dog spots the other dog; his ears go up, his tail stiffens, and then he lunges, barks, spins while you struggle to hold on to him. The other owner gives your dog a dirty look and may even suggest you ‘get control of your dog’.
Sadly, this is a common occurrence for many dog owners.
But take heart, you can help your dog and start to enjoy your walks with him again.
Flight vs Fight: Dogs that behave in this way are called ‘reactive dogs’. They are not nasty or aggressive. Most of the time they are afraid, but because the lead restrains them, they cannot flee – so they ‘fight’ instead. They have learned that by behaving in this way the frightening object – be it an unknown human, dog, vehicles etc. – goes away. So, it is a strategy that works, and dogs do what works for them.
Dog-reactive-dogs are usually not comfortable off lead although they may appear so. Studying your dog’s body language will reveal signs of discomfort. He appears comfortable as he can usually get away if he needs too.
Social Skills: Another reason dogs react is frustration. They really do want to greet everyone they see. Poor social skills and a lack of manners are the main reasons for a dog to behave in this way. The lead acts as a barrier preventing him from doing what he wants, and this, combined with a lack of impulse control leaves him unable to deal with rising frustration and so he barks, and lunges towards the other dog or person.
So, what do you do about it? And you must do something, otherwise your dog’s behaviour will get worse. Dogs behave this way because that behaviour works for them and they will practice it repeatedly, until it has become a habit – ‘it’s what I do when I see another dog’.
Exercises to help your reactive dog:
Let’s go! The first thing you need to do is to relax. If you are bundle of nerves it is not surprising that your dog gets worried. Don’t hold his lead tight* – let him have the slack. When you see another dog approaching – breathe out, soften your hands on the lead, say a jolly ‘let’s go’ to your dog as you turn 1800 (i.e. do a U-turn) and walk in the opposite direction. If you can, do this before your dog has had a chance to react.
Stop Pulling: Teach your dog not to pull. To do this you need to stop pulling too! Practice this exercise in the house, then the garden – it will take time if your dog has pulled all his life – but with consistency and perseverance you will both learn.
Have your dog on a lead at least 6-8 feet long.
Stand still and your dog go to the end of the lead.
Do NOT allow your hand to leave your hip – tuck it in a pocket if necessary.
Wait until your dog puts the tiniest slack in the lead, as soon as you feel that, call your dog, and reward him with a favourite treat.
Repeat and repeat
The key is not to let your arm leave your side.
Become an expert in reading your dog’s body language: You need to be able to read your dog’s body language so you can recognise when he is beginning to feel anxious or aroused. This is what is called his ‘reactivity threshold’. Once your dog is over this threshold he is in full reactive mode. You need to learn to pre-empt this and do something to distract your dog and keep his focus on you.
These are some of the signs that indicate that a dog is anxious and has reached or nearly reached their reactivity threshold. Some signs are obvious, but the early signs are quite subtle:
Changes in breathing, panting, wheezing, sighs
Repetitive yawning and lip-licking
Displacement behaviours like suddenly scratching.
Ear carriage – drooping to the side or back
Tail carriage – tucking, raising stiffly
Excessive salivation
Change in body carriage e.g. a general stiffening or bending of the legs to crouch down
Stopping
Fixed stare
Raised hackles
Inability to eat / decreased interest in treats
Inability to refocus after each treat
Increased levels of environmental scanningPracticing Feng Shui and meditation can bring
peace of mind
Anxiety
Anxiety is a natural response to acute stress but in today's world there is an unnatural amount of stress
that most humans and many animals are bombarded with on a daily basis. There are too many sources of it for the average person to be able to cope with in a fully conscious manner, thus the increase of anxiety, suicidal depression and nervous exhaustion so prevalent especially in the Western world.
There are a few planets and several planetary aspects that can increase or decrease anxiety.
Those that are most often known to induce high levels of anxiety include the Moon (our satellite), Mercury, Mars, Uranus and Pluto. For example when the moon is full, there is often an increased amount of anxiety that is noticeable in general, which can be exacerbated by the sign being occupied and aspects being made.
There are many methods of quelling anxiety from the mundane to the spiritual, and they are all appropriate to use at different times. Discovering the right herbs and/or other remedies can take time for some people because of the amount of trauma that has accumulated in both the body and mind.
A study of the astrological blueprint or natal chart can assist in unraveling the both inherit gifts and external remedies that will lead to wellness.Libya’s internationally recognised the Tripoli-based education minister Othman Abduljaleel Mohamed.
“All the minister’s decisions are random. He does not speak about our problems,” said a high-school teacher from the western city of Zliten who was protesting.
“There are no curriculums and books available yet, schools are in bad condition and our salaries are always delayed,” he said, asking not to be named. “And now the minister stops salaries of thousands but we’re here until he’s ousted.”.Preface
The Pacific Council on International Policy is a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization whose mission is to build the capacity of Los Angeles and California for impact on global issues, discourse, and policy. By connecting local experience to global affairs, we bring attention to the inextricable ties between domestic and foreign policy and contribute to better policy outcomes at the local, state, and national levels. We rely on a community of members — with deep insight and expertise in all manner of U.S. domestic and foreign policy issues — to carry out our work.
The Council focuses on policy issues with particular relevance to California and Los Angeles and brings a West Coast perspective to the national dialogue. Launched in 2016, the Pacific Council’s Mexico Initiative aims. The program is governed by an advisory committee of experts and interested Council members and citizens.
Under the auspices of the Mexico Initiative, the Pacific Council commissioned the following First 100 Days Memo on U.S.-Mexico Policy for President Biden and his team. While we relied on interviews with various stakeholders — including former cabinet members, undersecretaries, and State Department officials; members of the Biden transition team; premier academics and think tank leaders; and informed citizens — to produce the memo, its content and recommendations are solely those of the author and do not reflect specific policy positions of individual contributors, the institutions with which they are or have been affiliated, or the Pacific Council as a whole.
The recommendations in this document are current as of January 20, 2021. If you would like to read this memo in Spanish, please click here.
Executive Summary
The transition from the Trump administration to a Biden presidency will present both challenges and opportunities for the U.S.-Mexico relationship. Despite early challenges, the Biden administration has an invaluable opportunity to transform this relationship for years to come. In addition to traditional foreign policy considerations such as security and trade, other challenges — such as the COVID-19 pandemic, immigration, climate change, and natural disasters — offer opportunities for collaboration in a range of fields including public health, infrastructure, law enforcement, and human rights.
Migration flows indicate that the United States and Mexico are more interdependent than ever before, which bodes well for renewed partnership. Mexicans account for nearly 24 percent of immigrants living in the United States, at nearly 11 million overall. An additional 11 million undocumented migrants live and work in the United States, about 5 million of whom are believed to be of Mexican origin. Of those 5 million, more than 80 percent have lived in the United States for 10 years or more.
Conversely, Mexico is the number one destination for Americans emigrating abroad, with some researchers calculating that this flow may now exceed the historical south-to-north flow. This two-way movement, combined with the depth and breadth of common issues faced by both nations, make it clear that for the United States, there is no relationship more important and strategic than that with Mexico.
Through careful messaging, consistent focus on the relationship, and early symbolic and substantive actions, President Biden has the opportunity to strengthen the U.S. relationship with Mexico. The Pacific Council on International Policy’s Mexico Advisory Committee has commissioned a report focusing on actions recommended by Mexico policy experts and informed citizens that President Biden and his team can take to improve the relationship with Mexico during the first 100 days of his administration.
Recommendations fall under four broad themes:
- Re-emphasize Washington’s view of Mexico as a key strategic partner. Take steps early to send an unmistakable signal to Mexico about its value and importance to the United States. These can include convening reciprocal visits by heads of state, assigning key Cabinet officials to move the relationship in a positive direction, launching a high-level bilateral forum for collaboration in key areas of common interest, and developing a joint response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
- Strengthen the North American region. Under the banner of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), engage Mexico in actions designed to resolve problems and facilitate regional collaboration while sending a strong signal to our trade competitors. Issue a powerful statement embracing robust relations with Mexico and Canada that strengthen our ability to compete globally and address China’s expanding regional profile, host a North America Summit as soon as it is safe and practical to do so, leverage the USMCA to address difficulties in the relationship and promote further cooperation between the United States and Mexico, and create a bipartisan panel to set common regulatory frameworks and integrate markets within the USMCA infrastructure.
- Strengthen cooperation with Mexico to help advance immigration priorities. Work with Mexico on a counter-pandemic border strategy, development programs for Central America (to stem the flow of migrants moving north), and contingency plans for a potential post-COVID-19 immigration surge. Regularize the status of members of protected groups and people who have lived in the United States for extended periods of time.
- Partner with Mexico on issues beyond security and trade. Make educational and cultural exchanges key components of the bilateral relationship, and support subnational efforts, for example those led by local governments and nonprofits, to improve the relationship.
Introduction
President Biden’s commitment to ending many of former President Trump’s most egregious restrictions on immigration, increasing oversight of enforcement agencies, returning to multilateralism, and more proactively addressing climate change and global public health will create new opportunities for cooperation between the United States and Mexico in the weeks and months ahead. However, challenges in the U.S.-Mexico relationship are real and serious, with an unpredictable counterpart in President Andres Manuel López Obrador; a growing fault in the U.S.-Mexico security relationship over the arrest, repatriation, and ultimate acquittal of Mexican General and former Defense Minister Salvador Cienfuegos; and mounting pressure from some quarters in the U.S. government to get tough on Mexico regarding energy investments and labor protections.
Successfully exploiting opportunities to collaborate will require patience, nuance, and a holistic approach to the relationship. Early symbolic gestures, strategically selecting and engaging with key stakeholders in both countries, and emphasizing an ongoing commitment to policy outcomes that benefit both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border will prepare President Biden and his team for success.
By most accounts, President López Obrador is an idiosyncratic counterpart in the U.S.-Mexico bilateral relationship. A staunch nationalist, he is a persistent, tenacious, and effective Mexican politician who developed a largely positive relationship with the Trump administration. During his time in office, he has demonstrated openness to working with the United States on select issues, such as trade and immigration, while maintaining a nationalist, Mexico-first posture on others — most notably energy. López Obrador’s willingness to cooperate with Trump on immigration and trade surprised many, given Trump’s unpopular policies, hostile rhetoric towards Mexico and Mexicans, and tariff threats, combined with what one expert interviewed for this report characterized as the Mexican leader’s overall strategy to “remain as invisible as possible outside Mexico.”
Given López Obrador’s largely domestic focus and his relationship with then-President Trump, his lukewarm and much delayed acknowledgment of Biden’s electoral victory was not out of character. The December 2020 call between President-elect Biden and President López Obrador to discuss a regional partnership and new approaches to migration is a noteworthy development, but without careful navigation by the Biden administration, positive progress could end there.
Biden’s initial interactions with Mexico as president-elect were colored by the October 2020 arrest in Los Angeles of Mexican General Salvador Cienfuegos on charges related to drug-trafficking and corruption, which caused outrage among top officials in Mexico and which López Obrador deemed a violation of Mexican sovereignty.[1] In the months since Cienfuegos’s arrest and repatriation to Mexico, the López Obrador administration has shown less openness to cooperating with the United States. In December 2020, the Mexican Congress passed a law limiting Mexican officials’ ability to cooperate with U.S. law enforcement and intelligence operatives in Mexico, a move that is likely to significantly obstruct U.S.-Mexico security cooperation going forward. Also in December, López Obrador replaced respected diplomat Martha Bárcena as Mexican ambassador to the United States with Esteban Moctezuma, an economist and former Secretary of Social Development and Secretary of the Interior of Mexico. The Cienfuegos fallout prompted a new low in the U.S.-Mexico security relationship when, in January 2021, days before the Biden administration took office, all charges against the general were dropped in Mexico.[2] Finally, in early January 2021, López Obrador signaled interest in granting asylum in Mexico to Julian Assange after the Trump administration’s appeal to extradite the WikiLeaks founder from the U.K. was denied in court.
On the commercial side of the relationship, also in October 2020, a bipartisan group of U.S. Congress members sent a letter to President Trump protesting what they considered unfair treatment of U.S. energy companies operating in Mexico, claiming that Mexico is in violation of provisions of the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA). President López Obrador’s administration dismissed the claims outright; in fact, he said he would attempt to revise the Mexican Constitution to re-enforce Mexico’s primary reliance on state-owned energy companies and its sovereignty over their actions and regulations.[3] At the same time, congressional Democrats and the U.S. labor movement contend that Mexico is not meeting labor standards, and advocate swiftly bringing enforcement actions against Mexico under the labor chapter of the USMCA. President Biden and his team will be challenged to respond to domestic pressures while balancing the multifaceted issues on which the U.S. must continue to productively work with Mexico, including a pressing need to maintain a positive relationship as part of an overall North American response to a rising China.
Given these challenges, rehabilitating the U.S.-Mexico security relationship and maintaining positive momentum on trade, immigration, and other key issues will hinge on Biden’s ability to move past early infractions and prevent future issues by developing a baseline president-to-president relationship and engaging with the right stakeholders within López Obrador’s administration. While Esteban Moctezuma’s ambassadorship was, at time of writing, still pending approval by the Mexican Senate and the U.S. government, his experience in issues related to the Mexican interior could provide useful insight. Additionally, Mexican Secretary of Foreign Affairs Marcelo Ebrard, an energetic advocate for Mexican global interests, will remain a key player. One of Ebrard’s most notable diplomatic achievements was to negotiate the return to Mexico of General Salvador Cienfuegos; he will likely oversee the Assange asylum case, should it move forward. Given López Obrador’s unpredictable nature and lack of interest in global engagement, communication at the diplomatic, cabinet, and nongovernmental levels will be key to ensuring a strong relationship.
Despite early challenges — and regardless of who is in office in the United States or Mexico — it remains in the best interest of Washington to strengthen this relationship for one fundamental reason: Americans and Mexicans are more interdependent now than ever before. Despite the Trump administration’s efforts to curtail immigration, close to 11 million undocumented migrants continue to live and work in the United States, 5 million of whom are believed to be of Mexican origin. Of those 5 million, more than 80 percent have lived in the United States for 10 years or more.[4] While Mexico is no longer the top country of origin for immigrants to the United States, Mexicans account for nearly 24 percent of migrants living in the United States, at nearly 11 million overall.[5] On the other hand, the U.S. Embassy in Mexico City estimates that more than 1.5 million U.S. citizens live in Mexico, making it the main destination for U.S. emigration.[6] U.S. citizens — including “digital native” telecommuters, students, retirees, and nearly 600,000 children who have returned with their Mexican-born parents — make up an estimated 75 percent of immigrants to Mexico.[7] Some researchers calculate that the flow of migrants from the United States into Mexico may now be higher than the south-to-north flow.[8] As people, goods, and services move across the border, and the pandemic, crime, and natural disasters affect communities on both sides, distinctions between domestic and international issues will continue to blur.
The Biden administration’s commitment to promoting global engagement undergirds the recommendations that follow. The Pacific Council on International Policy, as well as leaders in Los Angeles and California, strongly agree that pursuing policy solutions that benefit not only Americans but also Mexico and Mexicans, who confront many of the same issues that challenge Americans, is in the best interest of the United States precisely because these are issues where no barrier can protect either country. This relationship should be premised on building bridges, not walls. We encourage the Biden administration to demonstrate its commitment to these values by embracing the following recommendations in the early days of its time in office.
Recommendations
The following actions can strengthen the U.S.-Mexico relationship during the first 100 days of the Biden administration.
1) RE-EMPHASIZE WASHINGTON’S VIEW OF MEXICO AS A KEY STRATEGIC PARTNER
1.1: Make Mexico the destination of the first presidential visit of the new administration.
A presidential visit is a significant symbolic act with unique visibility that reflects U.S. priorities and projects the importance of a binational relationship at the highest levels. A presidential visit could balance a symbolic reset with a clearly defined agenda for the relationship and a strong message that the United States expects Mexico to act as a good-faith partner. During this visit, President Biden should acknowledge President López Obrador’s commitment to Mexico’s self-determination while also addressing contentious issues in the relationship by (1) encouraging a middle-ground resolution on the Cienfuegos issue; (2) seeking a roll-back of the new Mexican security law limiting Mexican law enforcement officials’ cooperation with U.S. agents in Mexico; (3) reminding him of the USMCA’s labor and environmental provisions, and (4) inviting Mexico to collaborate with the United States on COVID, development in Central America, and other pressing issues.
1.2: Issue a bold and forward-looking statement acknowledging the unique and inextricable ties between the United States and Mexico and emphasizing the role of Mexico as a strategic partner in North America.
Getting it right with Mexico as part of an overall North American response to China’s increasing influence in the region is critical to U.S. national interests. Following four years of divisive rhetoric about Mexico and Mexicans from the Trump administration, pressing the “reset” button on domestic political discourse about Mexico and reframing the relationship as one of strategic partnership will underpin any future successes on trade, security, immigration, and other issues. A full embrace of Mexico as a partner and key ally to the United States, laid out in an early statement from the Biden administration, will set the tone for the relationship for the next four years.
1.3: Emphasize to key officials the unique importance of U.S.-Mexico relations.
Reinforce the partnership “reset” by having incoming Secretary of State Anthony Blinken, National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan, Secretary of Homeland Security Alejandro Mayorkas, U.S. Trade Representative Katherine Tai, Secretary of Commerce Gina Raimondo, the soon to be appointed Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs, and the U.S. ambassador to Mexico all emphasize to their teams in the strongest possible terms that the relationship with Mexico is to be seen and promoted as uniquely important.
1.4: Establish a high-level bilateral forum to facilitate continuous communication and collaboration across different components of the relationship.
While Mexico is rarely a top priority for a U.S. president given the competing demands on the international policy docket, the day-to-day relationship with Mexico can and should be given a high priority at the federal agency level. The White House must signal the importance of this relationship by organizing an inter-agency task force to work with counterparts in Mexico.
While President López Obrador is preoccupied with domestic policy, making it a challenge to promote collaboration on public health, climate change, labor, and renewable energies at his level, several of his cabinet members are actively involved in the bilateral relationship. Working directly with Mexican officials, including Secretary of Foreign Affairs Ebrard and incoming Mexican Ambassador Moctezuma, among others, would be an effective way to seek common ground on these and other issues.
A new bilateral forum focusing on topics beyond security and the economy can be a powerful incentive for cooperation and can provide an opportunity to re-envision a multifaceted bilateral relationship.
1.5: Formally invite Mexico to collaborate on the COVID-19 response.
The flow of people across the U.S.-Mexico border requires bilateral cooperation to combat the COVID-19 pandemic and prepare for future public health crises. With public health a key priority for the Biden administration, a counter-pandemic border strategy, including a comprehensive approach to screening, robust contact tracing and data sharing, and broad regulatory alignment,[9] implemented in collaboration with counterparts in Mexico, will help stop the spread in both countries. The López Obrador administration is unlikely to obstruct a coordinated bilateral response on an issue as pressing and deadly as the COVID-19 pandemic.
2) STRENGTHEN THE NORTH AMERICAN REGION
2.1: Issue a powerful statement embracing robust relations with Mexico and Canada that strengthen our ability to compete globally and address China’s expanding regional profile.
Out of necessity, the Biden administration will be preoccupied with China. Competing in the commercial arena with China will be a challenging task that the United States cannot and should not take on alone. North America is central to U.S. competitiveness, and Mexico can and should play a key role in bringing manufacturing back from China to North America. An early trade address that embraces North America and doubles down on Washington’s commitment to the USMCA will send a strong global message as well to both trade adversaries and to our allies in Mexico and Canada.
2.2: Invite President López Obrador and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to Washington for a North America Summit as soon as it is safe and practical to do so.
In July 2020, Prime Minister Trudeau opted out of a trilateral summit to celebrate the implementation of the USMCA, citing concerns about COVID-19 and about potential U.S. aluminum tariffs. Given the positive relationship between the Obama-Biden administration and Prime Minister Trudeau, reinvestment by the new Biden administration in the trilateral relationship will be well received on the Canadian side, creating additional incentive for the López Obrador administration to embrace the North American concept. The symbolism of the invitation will reinforce commitments to partnership, cooperation, and a common North American identity.
2.3: Leverage the USMCA to address difficulties in the relationship and promote further cooperation between the United States and Mexico.
The USMCA makes an already rich and dynamic trade relationship between the United States and Mexico even more efficient. Still, more can be done to unleash the potential of the North American region. While efforts to transform the USMCA into a more comprehensive agreement could end up draining energy and distracting from more practical ways to achieve other goals, the Biden administration should focus on supplemental frameworks that address challenges in the relationship and allow the United States and Mexico to achieve even greater mutual benefit using the trade agreement as a springboard.
To a substantial portion of the American public, the effects and consequences of globalization and the USMCA are intertwined. Mexico is perceived by some — including U.S. Congress members in both parties[10] — as abusing the partnership on the interconnected issues of labor, the environment, and energy. President Biden should challenge Mexico to show itself as a trustworthy partner with a shared interest in the prosperity of North America that will honor its commitments to the USMCA.
To reinforce the clean-energy focus of the Biden administration’s proposed Latin America policy, the Biden team should offer a combination of renewable energy incentives, a cooperation framework, technical support, trade benefits, and other options to encourage collaboration.
2.4: Create a bipartisan panel to set common regulatory frameworks and integrate markets within the USMCA infrastructure.
While the USMCA provides a framework for trade between the U.S. and Mexico, the trade relationship would benefit from a bilateral effort to smooth bureaucratic challenges, align national regulations (including definitions of essential industries), and minimize inefficiencies.[11] Shutdowns related to the COVID-19 pandemic have demonstrated that stakeholders in both countries need better tools to work with their counterparts. The Biden administration should explore regulatory collaboration in a variety of areas, including criminal law, educational certification, financial markets, and energy.
3) STRENGTHEN COOPERATION WITH MEXICO TO HELP ADVANCE IMMIGRATION PRIORITIES
3.1: Prioritize status regularization of protected groups and people who have lived in the United States for an extended time.
While a path to U.S. citizenship exists and there is baseline consensus on process, access to that path has been restricted, at least in part, by the Trump administration’s policies. The Biden administration can give new energy to immigration policy dialogue in the United States and signal commitment to treating Mexico and Mexicans fairly and humanely by taking urgent executive action to provide full protection to beneficiaries of DACA, DAPA, TPS, and DED,[12] as well as asylum seekers and people who have lived in the United States for extended periods of time, and to eventually place them on a path to regularization.
3.2: Collaborate with Mexico on development programs for Central America.
Mexico is transitioning from a country of immigrant origin to one of transit and destination, attracting mainly Caribbean, Central American, and South American migrants. To address the root causes of immigration to both nations, the United States must work with Mexico on a development strategy for Central America that emphasizes regional growth, stability, and security. Mexico’s status as the second largest investor in Central America will be helpful in promoting a regionally led approach to this issue.
The year 2021 offers an opportunity to rethink an approach to Central America, given the expiration of the Plan for Prosperity in 2019, the end of the Central America Regional Security Initiative in 2017, and the call in 2019 from the U.S. Government Accountability Office to develop a comprehensive plan to assess progress toward prosperity, governance, and security in Central America.
3.3: Work with Mexico to develop a contingency plan for a possible increase in immigration after COVID-19.
In 2020, the flow of migrants transiting through Mexico slowed, in part because of the COVID-19 pandemic, but experts forecast that it will increase as early as spring 2021 regardless of the status of COVID-19. Drier weather, poor economic and security conditions in Central America (recently exacerbated by a series of natural disasters), and limited economic opportunities in Mexico will drive more migrants to Mexico and the United States. Joint contingency planning should include counter-pandemic border measures and short- and long-term initiatives to stem the flow of migrants.
4) PARTNER WITH MEXICO ON ISSUES BEYOND SECURITY AND TRADE
4.1: Make educational and cultural exchanges a key component of the bilateral relationship.
Exchanges and other public diplomacy tools allow Americans and Mexicans to better understand the richness and complexity of each other’s cultures. Investing in long-term exchanges will build ties over generations, facilitating interaction between the peoples of two neighboring countries who share deep cultural, linguistic, and often familial ties in addition to the common domestic and foreign policy priorities outlined above.
The number of American and Mexican students participating in exchanges is low relative to the importance of the bilateral relationship. Student visas to the United States are currently awarded predominantly to citizens of China and India. Mexico is 10th on the list, with about 15,000 students per year, a trend that has been decreasing since 2016.[13] Mexico receives fewer than 6,000 U.S. students per year.[14]
Existing programs — like 100,000 Strong in the Americas and the Bilateral Forum on Higher Education, Innovation and Research — provide solid foundations for the Biden administration to build on, but educational and cultural exchanges need a place on the agenda that reflects the importance of the bilateral U.S.-Mexico relationship.
4.2: Embrace subnational efforts to improve the U.S.-Mexico relationship.
The Biden administration should work in partnership with mayors, governors, nonprofits, and citizens to amplify the effects of its policies on Mexico. The last four years have taught us that local governments and American civil society can serve as a bridge to allies abroad when U.S. foreign policy falls short. When Washington embraces global engagement, those same actors can complement its efforts by informing policy based on their experience and expertise and by helping to carry out policy where they already have relationships and projects in place.
California, Los Angeles, and the Pacific Council are among the subnational actors whose work can both inform and amplify the Biden administration’s goals in Mexico. In 2019, Governor Gavin Newsom took his first international trip as governor of California to El Salvador to explore the root causes of immigration and serve as a symbolic counter to then-President Trump’s immigration policies. In the same year, Mayor Eric Garcetti of Los Angeles, a Spanish speaker, inaugurated the Mexico-Los Angeles Commission[15] — a binational effort to enhance collaboration on issues including trade, sports, renewable energy, science, art, culture, and tourism — in partnership with Mexican Secretary of Foreign Affairs Marcelo Ebrard.[16] The Pacific Council and its Mexican counterpart, COMEXI (the Mexican Council on Foreign Relations), serve as hosts for the effort, with Dr. Cynthia Telles, a prominent Angeleno and Latinx leader serving as chair of the Commission on the U.S. side.[17]
Conclusion
President Joe Biden has the opportunity to build a relationship with Mexico that draws on historical strengths, broadens mutual interests, transforms challenges into opportunities, and creates new avenues for collaboration to the benefit of the peoples of both nations. In the first 100 days, his administration can lay the groundwork for what is to come in the next four years and perhaps beyond. Navigating early diplomatic and security challenges, pressure from the U.S. Congress, and challenging issues such as energy, the environment, and labor will require consistency, nuance, good timing, and a perpetually level head — all qualities that President Biden has demonstrated over decades of public service.
When two countries share a border, many of the issues they face blur the distinction between international and domestic. The COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated dramatically that, regardless of our approach to immigration, trade, and security, our challenges do not always recognize borders. As such, we would do well to work together on solutions. With the right set of actors in place — those who are deeply committed to improving our relationship with Mexico — President Biden and his team can ensure that improved ties with this valued neighbor will become a key legacy of their administration.
Endnotes
[1] Felbab-Brown, 2020.
[2] Kitroeff, Feuer, and Lopez, 2021.
[3] Monarch Global Strategies, 2020.
[4] González-Barrera and Krogstad, 2019.
[5] Israel and Batalova, 2020.
[6] Fry, 2019.
[7] Sheridan, 2019.
[8] Mark, 2019.
[9] Bonner and Horton, 2020.
[10] Monarch Global Strategies, 2020.
[11] Monarch Global Strategies, 2020.
[12] Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents, Temporary Protected Status, and Deferred Enforced Departure.
[13] “All places of origin,” 2020.
[14] “All destinations,” 2020.
[15] See the addendum for a full list of participants.
[16] “Mexico Foreign Minister Ebrard and LA Mayor Garcetti Announce Mexico-LA Commission,” 2019.
[17] “Announcing MEXLA, A New Effort to Deepen LA-Mexico Ties,” 2019.
References
All Destinations: U.S. Study Abroad Data from the 2020 Open Doors Report (November 16, 2020). Retrieved from
All Places of Origin: International Student Data from the 2020 Open Doors Report (November 16, 2020). Retrieved from
Announcing MEXLA, a New Effort to Deepen LA-Mexico Ties (Pacific Council, March 15, 2019). Retrieved from
Bonner, R. and Horton, G. (Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, September 28, 2020). Lessons Learned: Why the United States Needs a Counter-Pandemic Border Strategy. Retrieved from
Felbab-Brown, V. (Brookings Institution, November 23, 2020). Cienfuegos and the U.S.-Mexico Firestorm. Retrieved from
Fry, W. (San Diego Union-Tribune, June 17, 2019). Americans Make Up Mexico’s Largest Demographic of Immigrants. Retrieved from
González-Barrera, A., and Krogstad, J. M. (Pew Research Center, June 28, 2019). What We Know about Illegal Immigration from Mexico. Retrieved from
Israel, E. and Batalova, J. (Migration Policy Institute, November 5, 2020). Mexican Immigrants in the United States.
Kitroeff, N., Feuer, A., and Lopez, O. (The New York Times, January 15, 2021). In Blow to U.S. Alliance, Mexico Clears General Accused of Drug Trafficking. Retrieved from
Mark, M. (Business Insider, 2019). More People Are Moving from the US to Mexico than the Other Way Around. Retrieved from
Mexico Foreign Minister Ebrard and LA Mayor Garcetti Announce Mexico-LA Commission. (News release, City of Los Angeles, March 6, 2019). Retrieved from
Monarch Global Strategies (2020). Monarch News — December 21, 2020. Retrieved from
Sheridan, M.J. (Washington Post, May 18, 2019). The Little-Noticed Surge across the U.S.-Mexico Border: It’s Americans, Heading South. Retrieved from
Addendum
The Mexico-Los Angeles Commission is a partnership between the Los Angeles Mayor’s Office, the Foreign Ministry of Mexico, the Mexican Council on Foreign Relations, and the Pacific Council on International Policy. Its mission is to enrich the cultural, economic, and social ties between Mexico and Los Angeles through cross-border collaborations among leaders in key sectors. The Commission was designed to facilitate collaboration between a foreign national government and a U.S. city government based on the expertise Angelenos have in local-to-global issues such as trade, sports, renewable energy, science, arts, food, culture, and tourism.
Chair
Dr. Cynthia Telles, Director, Hispanic Neuropsychiatric Center of Excellence at the Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior, and Clinical Professor, Department of Psychiatry at the School of Medicine, University of California, Los Angeles
Los Angeles-based members
Ms. Beatriz Acevedo: Founder, Mitú, and President, Acevedo Foundation
Ms. Elise Buik, President and CEO, United Way of Greater Los Angeles
The Honorable Michael Camuñez, President and CEO, Monarch Global Strategies LLC
Mr. Kevin Demoff, Executive Vice President of Football Operations and Chief Operating Officer, LA Rams
Ms. Susan Feniger, Chef, Cookbook Author, and TV Personality
Mr. Tom Gilmore, Chairman, Sister Cities of Los Angeles, and CEO, Gilmore Associates
Mr. Michael Govan, CEO and Wallis Annenberg Director, Los Angeles County Museum of Art
Dr. Jerrold Green, President and CEO, Pacific Council on International Policy
Ambassador Nina Hachigian, Deputy Mayor for International Affairs, City of Los Angeles
Ms. Christy Haubegger, Agent and Head of Multicultural Business Development, Creative Artists Agency
Dr. Lucy Jones, President, Lucy Jones Center for Science and Society
Ms. Nonny de la Peña, CEO, Emblematic Group
Mr. Castulo de la Rocha, President and CEO, AltaMed
Mrs. Maria S. Salinas, President and CEO, Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
Mr. Daniel Weiss, Managing Partner and Founder, Angeleno Group
Mr. Ernest Wooden, Jr., President and CEO, Los Angeles Tourism and Convention Board
Mexico-based members
Dr. Luis Aguirre, Director General de Green Momentum
Sr. Carlos Álvarez del Castillo, Propietario de El Informador
Sr. Gabriel Brener, Director General de Brener International Group
Sra. Patricia Dorenbaum, Co-fundador de Vapasi Consultores
Sr. Epigmenio Ibarra, Fundador de Argos Comunicación
Sra. Beatriz Leycegui, Subsecretaria de Comercio Exterior en la Secretaría de Economía (2006-11), Gobierno Federal de Mexico
Sr. Manuel Martínez, Investigador en el Instituto de Energías Renovables
Sr. Giancarlo Mulinelli, Vicepresidente Senior de Ventas en Aeroméxico
Sr. Abraham Muñoz Barbosa, CEO, Educación para Compartir
Sr. Mauricio Oberfeld, Fundador de Dugally Oberfeld, Inc.
Sr. Mario Orozco, Director de Ventas en Azteca Milling, L.P.
Sr. Raúl Padilla, Presidente de la Feria Internacional del Libro y del Festival de Cine de Guadalajara
Sr. Olegario Vázquez Raña, Director y presidente de Grupo Empresarial Ángeles
Sr. Juan Manuel Santillán Castellanos, Director de Value Grupo Financiero
Credits
Report Author
Mr. Ricardo César Corona, Mexico Initiative Fellow, Pacific Council on International Policy
Leadership, Pacific Council on International Policy
Dr. Jerrold D. Green, President and CEO
Ms. Nastasha Everheart (Project Director), Director of Strategy
Mexico Advisory Committee
The Honorable Michael C. Camuñez (Chair), President and CEO, Monarch Global Strategies LLC, and former Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Market Access and Compliance
Dr. Richard D. Downie, Managing Director, Delphi Strategic Consulting, and former Director, Department of Defense, Perry Center
Mr. Jeff Garcia, Investment Analyst, The Capital Group Companies
Ambassador Nina Hachigian, Deputy Mayor of International Affairs, City of Los Angeles, and former U.S. Ambassador to ASEAN
Ms. Sandra Holden, Founder, Media 360
Ambassador Marcela Celorio Mancera, Consul General of Mexico in Los Angeles
Dr. Javier Martínez, President, Association of Mexican Entrepreneurs in Los Angeles
Mr. Patrick C. Schaefer, Chief Legal Officer for Supply Chain, Capital Partners; and former Senior Vice President, Center for Global Trade and Foreign Investment, Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
Dr. Andrew Selee, President, Migration Policy Institute, and former Director, Mexico Institute, Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars
Dr. Cynthia A. Telles, Director, Hispanic Neuropsychiatric Center, Semel Institute for Neuroscience and Human Behavior, University of California, Los Angeles
Ms. Dulce Vasquez, Director of Strategic Partnerships, Office of the President, Arizona State University
Ms. Mary Ann Walker (Vice Chair), Managing Partner, Walker Harding LLP, and Board of Advisors, Latin America Program, Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars
Acknowledgments
The First 100 Days Memo on U.S.-Mexico Relations was informed by a group of experts and interested citizens whose experience with Mexico spans decades, presidential administrations, and multiple fields of work and study.
The Pacific Council would like to thank the following individuals for providing their insights in one-to-one interviews: Ms. Kimberly Breier, former Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs, U.S. Department of State; Dr. Abraham F. Lowenthal, President emeritus, Pacific Council on International Policy, and Founding Director, Latin American Program, Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars and Inter-American Dialogue; and Ashley Tabaddor, President, National Association of Immigration Judges.
We also acknowledge the following individuals, who participated in group meetings in October and November 2020:
Dr. Robert Banks, Clinical Associate Professor of Communication, Center on Public Diplomacy, University of Southern California, and former Planning and Coordination Officer, Office of Public Diplomacy, Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs
Mr. Gray Beverley, Managing Director, Dittoemes & Company
The Honorable Robert C. Bonner, former Commissioner, U.S. Customs Service and U.S. Customs and Border Protection, former Administrator, U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency, former U.S. District Judge, and former U.S. Attorney for the Central District of California
Dr. Richard D. Downie, Managing Director, Delphi Strategic Consulting, and former Director, Department of Defense, Perry Center
Mr. William McIlhenny, Senior Fellow, German Marshall Fund of the United States; former Director for North America at the NSC, and former Member of the Secretary of State’s Policy Planning Staff
Mr. Patrick C. Schaefer, former Senior Vice President, Center for Global Trade and Foreign Investment, Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
Dr. Andrew Selee, President, Migration Policy Institute, and former Director, Mexico Institute, Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars
Dr. Pamela K. Starr, Associate Professor of International Relations, University of Southern California, and Senior Adviser, Monarch Global Strategies
Mr. Seth Stodder, Partner, Holland & Knight LLP, and former Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Border, Immigration, and Trade Policy
Mr. Salvador Villar, President, Mercado Plus
Finally, we would like to thank the leaders of the Mexico Advisory Committee, The Honorable Michael C. Camuñez (Chair) and Ms. Mary Ann Walker (Vice Chair) for commissioning this report and sharing their expertise in interviews and group meetings; The David and Lucille Packard Foundation for funding the Pacific Council’s efforts to improve U.S.-Mexico relations; Pacific Council program staff (Ashley McKenzie and Moriah Nacionales-Tafoya) for coordinating and overseeing the work; and Pacific Council communications staff (Justin Chapman and Marissa Moran Gantman) for ensuring a quality final product.Search the Community
Showing results for tags 'BigMax'.
Big Max Golf Announces New Bag Line For US
Golfspy_CG2 posted a topic in Bags & CartsBelow is a Press Release from Big Max Golf regarding the launch of it's new Golf Bag line PRESS RELEASE BIG MAX LAUNCHES AWARD WINNING GOLF BAG LINE IN U.S. #1 â€“ â€˜Waterproof'.. Â½â€ Â Â½â€œ, well under 5 lbs and available in a range of stylish colour combinations, the DRI LITE Active looks great and delivers on the course. DRI LITE G is a full-size stand bag that belies its capacity with a weight of less than 4 Â½ lbs. A 14-way divider separates the 9â€ top giving plenty of room for a full set of clubs. An air channel strap for breathability across the back enhances comfort for the carrier while leg lock enables the â€˜G' to be perfectly stable on a cart. 7 pockets along with DRI LITE technology finish off the practical features and a fantastic price make it a great buy for those carrying with a full set of gear.  Sport 2 - $299.99, available in Black/silver, Charcoal/Black/Red, Silver/Black/Cobalt, Red/Black/Silver, Navy/Black/Silver AQUA Wave â€“ $249.99 available in Black, Red, Yellow, White/Orange, Petrol AQUA Ocean â€“  Insta@ @BIGMAX.GOLF About BIG MAX BIG MAX has been Europe's #1 push cart brand for over 15 years following the unprecedented success of the world's first 3 wheel push cart the Ti1000. Available in virtually every country that plays golf, BIG MAX is a name that has become associated with quality and innovation. It's most recent advancement, Fold Flat technology, has seen BIG MAX pioneer push carts that fold down completely flat, in some cases to less than 5â€ deep. BIG MAX has furthered its reputation for innovation with its AQUA and DRI LITE technology that in the last quarter of 2017 matched BIG MAX push carts by becoming #1 waterproof golf bag brand in continental Europe.Apocalypse Now? Or not yet
Six.Sean Parnell Suspends G.O.P. Senate Bid in Pennsylvania
Mr. Parnell, who was endorsed by Donald Trump in one of the highest-profile 2022 Senate races, had been accused by his estranged wife of spousal and child abuse.,
Advertisement
Continue reading the main story
Supported by
Continue reading the main story
Sean Parnell Suspends G.O.P. Senate Bid in Pennsylvania
Mr. Parnell, who was endorsed by Donald Trump in one of the highest-profile 2022 Senate races, had been accused by his estranged wife of spousal and child abuse.
Sean Parnell, a leading Republican candidate for Senate from Pennsylvania, suspended his campaign on Monday after a judge ruled that his estranged wife should get primary custody of their three children in a case in which she accused him of spousal and child abuse.
Mr. Parnell, who was endorsed by former President Donald J. Trump in September, said he was “devastated” by the decision and planned to appeal.
“There is nothing more important to me than my children, and while I plan to ask the court to reconsider, I can’t continue with a Senate campaign,” he said in a statement. “My focus right now is 100% on my children, and I want them to know I do not have any other priorities and will never stop fighting for them.”
Mr. Parnell’s estranged wife, Laurie Snell, testified in court this month that Mr. Parnell had repeatedly abused her and their children, choking her and hitting one of their children so hard that he left a welt on the child’s back. The Butler County judge wrote that he found Ms. Snell to be “the more credible witness” and that he believed Mr. Parnell had committed “some acts of abuse in the past,” according to The Philadelphia Inquirer.
The Pennsylvania seat, currently held by Senator Pat Toomey, a Republican, is widely considered one of the most competitive Senate races in 2022.VA Loan Refinance with Mr. Cooper in Winchester
If you’re ready to explore ways to reduce your monthly mortgage payments, a VA IRRRL with Mr. Cooper in Winchester could help you lock in a lower interest rate. You may be curious about what a VA IRRRL is. And who exactly is eligible for a VA IRRRL? A VA IRRRL Refinance with Mr. Cooper in Winchester is meant for active duty service members, veterans, and their surviving spouse who already have a VA loan. How it works: your existing VA Home Loan changes during the refinance process! Give Mr. Cooper in Winchester a call today to learn more about a VA IRRRL.
A VA IRRRL with Mr. Cooper in Winchester Could Lower Your Mortgage Payment
One of the perks of refinancing your VA-backed home loan? There’s typically a decrease for homeowners in their monthly home mortgage payments. If you want to learn more about a Mr. Cooper VA IRRRL in Winchester, you may qualify for this loan and not pay a cent out-of-pocket during the application process.* While you may see a funding fee during the application, oftentimes it can be worked into the loan terms.* Work with one of our home advisors to learn how Mr. Cooper’s VA IRRRL Refinance in Winchester can save you money over time.
Here for You: Mr. Cooper is Your Home Loan Ally
When you work with Mr. Cooper, you’ve chosen a trustworthy home loan company. We make sure you’re comfortable through every step of the process, equipping you with knowledge to determine the right path forward for your personal and financial situation. Our team is located in the U.S. and ready to chat through any thoughts you have about a Mr. Cooper VA IRRRL in Winchester. Because Mr. Cooper ranks as one of the top loan servicers across the United States,.Moses Ashikodi is a semi-professional footballer who plays for Isthmian League South East Division club VCD Athletic.
Explore Moses Ashikodi Wiki Age, Height, Biography as Wikipedia, Wife, Family relation. There is no question Moses Ashikodi is the most famous & most loved celebrity of all the time. You can find out how much net worth Moses has this year and how he spent his expenses. Also find out how he got rich at the age of 34. He has a pure loving kind heart personality. Scroll Down and find everything about him.
Famously known by the Family name Moses Ashikodi, is a great Athlete. He was born on 27 June 1987, in Lagos. is a beautiful and populous city located in Lagos Antigua and Barbuda.
Read Also: Daria Svatkovskaya Wiki, Biography, Age, Net Worth, Family, Instagram, Twitter, Social Profiles & More Facts
Moses Ashikodi Net Worth
Moses Ashikodi has a net worth of $5.00 million (Estimated) which he earned from his occupation as Athlete. Popularly known as the Athlete of Antigua and Barbuda. He is seen as one of the most successful Athlete of all times. Moses Ashikodi Net Worth & Basic source of earning is being a successful Nigerian Athlete.
Moses entered the career as Athlete In his early life after completing his formal education..
Moses Ashikodi Personal Life, Relationships and Dating
Ashikodi was born in Lagos, Nigeria and moved to London. After leaving professional football, Ashikodi began working as a wellbeing personal trainer in Twickenham.
Moses Ashikodi’s official Twitter account
The Athlete with a large number of Twitter followers, with whom he shares his life experiences. Moses is gaining More popularity of his Profession on Twitter these days. You can read today’s latest tweets and post from Moses Ashikodi’s official Twitter account below, where you can know what he is saying in his previous tweet. Read top and most recent tweets from his Twitter account here…
Tweets by Moses
Social Network
Born on 27 June 1987, the Athlete Moses Ashikodi is arguably the world’s most influential social media star. M
Ashikodi started the 2018–19 season on the books of Isthmian League South East Division club VCD Athletic. After only one league appearance, he moved to South Park of the South Central Division, before being brought back to VCD Athletic on 12 October 2018.
In March 2017, Ashikodi returned to Isthmian League Division One South club Walton Casuals for his second spell with the club. He made his debut in a 1–0 defeat at Dorking Wanderers on 25 March, and scored a week later in a 3–3 draw against Ramsgate. Ashikodi also scored in a 1–1 draw at Hastings United on 15 April. He made a total of six appearances before leaving the club at the end of the season.
Ahead of the 2017–18 season, Ashikodi joined Southern Combination Premier Division side Three Bridges. On 26 August, he made his debut as a substitute in a 1–1 draw with Eastbourne Town and was involved in an incident after the full-time whistle. Involved in a row over a stolen mobile phone, Ashikodi was grabbed around the neck by a supporter leading him to punch the supporter. The club claimed the striker has acting in self defence. He made a further four appearances for the club.
On 15 November 2017, Ashikodi made his debut for Southern Counties East Premier Division side Rochester United. Three days later, he scored his first goal for the club in a 5–2 defeat against Glebe. He also scored back-to-back goals with a brace at AFC Croydon Athletic and a late consolation goal against Rusthall. The following month, Ashikodi scored in further back-to-back appearances against Glebe and Hollands & Blair. His 82nd-minute strike in the latter earned Ashikodi his first win in eight games, but he made just one further appearance in a 3–1 defeat at Lordswood on 6 January 2018.
In December 2015, Ashikodi joined league rivals Carshalton Athletic after a short absence from football. On 2 January 2016, he made his debut in a 1–1 draw with Corinthian-Casuals. Spending a month with the club, he scored his first goal in his fourth appearance – his side’s only goal in a 7–1 loss to Ramsgate. He left the club shortly after the defeat.
In February 2016, Ashikodi made two appearances for Southern Counties East League Premier side Croydon, his first club in the ninth tier. However, his swift departure less than a week after signing ensured he failed to score for the club.
On 3 March 2016, Isthmian League Division One South club East Grinstead Town announced the signing of Ashikodi. His fifth club of the season, he made his mark with a goal just five minutes into his debut. Nonetheless, it would be his only appearance for the club before his return to a former side.
Ashikodi began the 2016–17 season with Isthmian League Division One South club Whyteleafe. His spell with the club was short-lived, scoring once in five appearances. His final game saw him start on the bench, replacing Roscoe Dsane on the hour, and receiving a yellow card for an intentional handball. Ashikodi stated his intention to leave the club immediately after the game, unhappy at being left on the bench.
In October 2016, Ashikodi joined Combined Counties Premier Division side Guildford City. He scored on his debut in a 3–1 victory at Knaphill but made just four appearances before his release two weeks later.
Ashikodi returned to the Isthmian League in November 2016 with a move to Chatham Town. He made just four appearances for the club before an on-the-pitch incident resulted in his release. An argument with teammate Ricky Freeman led to the striker storming off the pitch, having come on just seven minutes earlier, and leaving his team with 10 men for the final 15 minutes having made all three substitutions.
In December 2014, Isthmian League Division One North club Maldon & Tiptree announced the signing of Ashikodi. He made his debut in a 2–0 win against Thamesmead Town on 20 December, and scored his first goal in a 1–1 draw with Burnham Ramblers on 1 January 2015. Ashikodi was named as an unused substitute in the following game and left the club shortly after.
In January 2015, Ashikodi returned to Isthmian League Division One North side Cray Wanderers. On 24 January, he scored 29 minutes into his debut in a 3–2 defeat to Brentwood Town. A week later, he scored again in a 3–2 defeat at Aveley. After three goalless games, Ashikodi was dropped to the bench in late February. He returned to the starting line-up a month later and scored eight minutes into a 4–0 win against Burnham Ramblers. However, he would not feature again as Cray Wanderers narrowly avoided relegation.
In August 2015, Ashikodi joined Isthmian League Division One South club Walton Casuals for his first time in the eighth tier of English football. On 15 August, he marked his debut with a goal in a 3–0 win against Tooting & Mitcham United. Four days later, he scored again in a 4–0 win over East Grinstead Town in the Isthmian League Cup First Round. On 25 August, he scored both goals in a 3–2 defeat to Walton & Hersham. Ashikodi scored his first goal for the club in a 3–1 win against Three Bridges on 26 September, and played his final game two weeks later. He totalled seven goals in 15 games prior to his release.
In October 2015, he joined local and league rivals Walton & Hersham. Ashikodi made his debut in a 2–0 defeat at Hastings United, but managed just 51 minutes before being replaced due to an injury. It went on to be his only appearance for the club.
In February 2014, Ashikodi signed for Isthmian League Premier Division side Cray Wanderers. On 23 February, he scored on his debut in a 5–1 defeat against Lewes. On 1 March, he scored in a 7–1 loss at Metropolitan Police. Ashikodi scored his side’s first goal in a 2–2 draw with Wingate & Finchley on 23 March, and scored a brace two days later in a 3–2 win against Grays Athletic.
Ashikodi joined Isthmian League Premier Division club AFC Hornchurch ahead of the 2014–15 season. On 9 August 2014, Ashikodi made his debut as a substitute in a 1–0 defeat at East Thurrock United. He made a further six appearances for the club, completing ninety minutes on just one occasion, and recorded a single point in seven league outings.
In November 2014, Ashikodi joined Conference South side Eastbourne Borough. He made his debut from the bench in a 2–1 win against Hayes & Yeading United on 18 November. He made a further two appearances as a substitute before his departure.
On 22 October, having returned from international duty just two days earlier, Ashikodi struck in the 87th minute to seal a 1–0 win against Woking in the FA Cup Fourth Qualifying Round. The goal ensured a first win in eight games, and Ashikodi later revealed he was still suffering from jet lag.
He failed to score again for the club and departed after three goals in 26 appearances. Ashikodi had an unsuccessful trial with Luton Town after his release in May 2013.
On 2 November 2013, Ashikodi signed for Isthmian League Premier Division team Enfield Town. The same day he made his debut in an FA Trophy Second Qualifying Round defeat to Grays Athletic. On 12 November, he made his league debut in a 3–0 loss to Wingate & Finchley. The defeat saw manager Steve Newing sacked and Ashikodi failed to appear for the club again.
Exactly a month after signing for Enfield Town, Ashikodi joined Isthmian League Premier Division club Margate. The striker had looked set to join Hampton & Richmond Borough but the club announced the deal fell apart in the final stages. On 7 December, he started in a 5–3 defeat to Bognor Regis Town. After three games without a goal and a change in managers, Ashikodi was dropped to the bench for a 2–2 draw with Hampton & Richmond Borough on 21 December. Coming off the bench in a 4–0 loss at Maidstone United on 26 December, and being unused two days later, Ashikodi departed the club soon after without a first win.
On 31 December 2013, Conference South side Farnborough announced that Ashikodi had signed a short-team deal with the club. On 11 January 2014, he made his debut in a 2–1 defeat to Staines Town. He made a further two appearances for the club, with one in the Hampshire Senior Cup.
Later that month, Ashikodi returned to Croydon in the Southern Counties East Premier Division. On 12 March, he made his debut in a 2–1 loss to Lordswood and was substituted after 65 minutes. The defeat proved to be his only appearance as he failed to return to the club.
On 2 January 2012, after the expiration of his loan deal with York City, Ashikodi signed a permanent contract that would take him up to the end of the season. He failed to score again for the club, managing just three starts, and was released in May 2012.
Ashikodi re-signed for Conference Premier side Ebbsfleet United in July 2012. Having scored five goals in pre-season, Ashikodi also scored on the opening day of the season in a thrilling 5–4 victory at Nuneaton Town. Scoring in a 4–2 defeat at Hereford United on 25 August, he then went almost two months without finding the net.
He made his international debut for Antigua and Barbuda as an 81st-minute substitute in a 3–1 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification defeat to Guatemala on 7 September 2012.
On 27 September 2011, he was sent off in a 5–3 loss to Hayes & Yeading United, along with teammate Jean-Paul Marna. The pair were dismissed for fighting following a dispute over who should take a penalty. Ashikodi eventually took the penalty, and after missing Marna scored from the resulting corner. They then came to blows on their way back to the centre circle.
In November 2011, Ashikodi was placed on a transfer list due to the club’s financial difficulties – which saw the complete first team squad listed for sale.
On 23 November 2011, Ashikodi joined Conference Premier club York City on loan until the New Year. On 3 December, he scored his first goal against parent club Kettering Town in a 7–0 victory. The goal proved to be his only in six appearances in the loan spell.
He has resented his “bad boy” jibes after the knife incident that lead to his departure from Millwall. Speaking to the York Press in 2011, he said:
On 19 January 2010, Ashikodi remained in the Conference Premier after signing with Ebbsfleet United. That same day, he scored a penalty on his debut against former club Kettering Town. He scored 10 goals in 15 league appearances before his departure at the end of the season.
In July 2010, Ashikodi returned to Conference Premier side Kettering Town.
Ashikodi’s contract was terminated in February 2009. Later that month he played on trial for both Luton Town, scoring in the side’s reserve team game against Peterborough United, and Shrewsbury Town, where he scored twice in a reserve fixture.
In February 2009, Ashikodi joined League Two club Shrewsbury Town after a successful trial. On 28 February, he made his debut in a 3–0 defeat at Macclesfield Town Ashikodi scored his first goal for the club a week later in his third game to help Shrewsbury to a 3–2 win against Notts County on 7 March. He came on as an 89th-minute substitute in a 1–0 defeat to Gillingham in the 2009 Football League Two play-off Final at Wembley Stadium on 23 May. Two days later, he was released by Shrewsbury having scored 1 goal in 10 games.
On 2 September 2009, Ashikodi joined Conference Premier side Kettering Town. He made his debut as a second-half substitute against Altrincham three days later, scoring once and setting up a second goal in a 2–0 victory. Ashikodi played his final game in a 1–1 FA Cup Second Round draw at home to Leeds United on 29 November. He was later released by the club.
After recovering from his broken leg, Ashikodi was loaned out to League One side Swindon Town in January 2008. Expected to remain at the club for the rest of the season, he made 10 appearances before being forced to return to Watford in early April after a loose screw on a plate in his leg required surgery ruled him out of the remainder of the season.
In August 2008, Ashikodi joined League One side Hereford United on a five-month loan. He scored in his second game for the club, a 2–1 loss to Championship side Crystal Palace in the League Cup on 12 August. In mid-September he returned to Watford for treatment on an injury, but subsequently returned to Hereford to complete the loan period. Ashikodi made eight appearances for Hereford, with one goal scored, and returned to his parent club in January 2009.
On 1 January 2007, Ashikodi completed a move to Premier League club Watford after impressing during a two-week trial. He signed a two-and-a-half-year contract for a nominal fee. On 6 January, he scored the final goal in a 4–1 FA Cup win over Stockport County on his debut. The goal was his first at senior level. He played his first Premier League game against Aston Villa on 20 January.
In March 2007, Ashikodi joined League One side Bradford City on a one-month loan. The loan was extended until the end of the season two weeks later, and he scored twice in eight games for the club. His loan spell was cut short after he sustained a broken leg in a fixture against Brighton & Hove Albion, which ruled him out for the remainder of the season.
Ashikodi joined Scottish Premier League club Rangers in January 2006 after a successful trial period. He signed a contract until the end of the 2005–06 season.
He failed to make a first team appearance and was released at the end of the 2005–06 season.
In August 2005, Ashikodi joined League One side Gillingham on a four-month loan. On 20 August, he made his debut in a 1–0 victory against AFC Bournemouth. The match proved to be his only victory during the loan spell, featuring in two defeats and a draw. His final appearance came on 15 October in a goalless draw with Yeovil Town. Replacing Andy Hessenthaler at half-time, Ashikodi picked up two yellow cards and was dismissed within 29 minutes. He made a total of four substitute appearances before returning to his parent club.
On 10 June 2005, Ashikodi made a single appearance for the Under-18s as a substitute in a 0–0 home draw with Norway. He made his debut for the Under-19s in November and scored both goals in a 2–1 victory against Switzerland. Ashikodi made his final appearance in a 2–1 victory over Northern Ireland on 20 May 2006, having scored three goals in three games for the Under-19s.
Ashikodi’s career at Millwall effectively ended in February 2004 after a training ground incident that reportedly saw him threaten teammate Mark McCammon with a plastic knife. The club launched an investigation into the events, and on 29 April he left the club by mutual consent. A club statement read: “The disciplinary process has been concluded. We wish him the best of luck in his future career.”
On 5 August 2004, Ashikodi joined Championship club West Ham United on a two-year contract after impressing during a trial. Manager Alan Pardew said: “Moses is getting a last chance with us. He is a major talent and, hopefully, he will have learned his lesson.”
Ashikodi began his career in the Millwall youth system. On 22 February 2003, he made his professional debut as a substitute in a 1–0 defeat at Brighton & Hove Albion. In doing so, at 15 years and 240 days, he became the youngest player to make a first team appearance for Millwall and the youngest player to make his Football League debut between 1988 and 2008.
Ashikodi played in the 2002 Victory Shield, scoring in a 1–0 victory against Wales on 1 November, and made his final appearance for the Under-16s in a 2–2 draw with Germany in November. He scored three goals in eight caps before joining the Under-17s, making his debut in a 4–0 victory against the Faroe Islands in the 2002 Nordic Tournament. He scored his first goal for the Under-17s almost a year later, netting the winning goal in a 1–0 victory over the United States on 7 July 2003. He made five appearances for England at Under-17 level, scoring one goal.
He made a further four substitute appearances during the 2002–03 season, and was chosen by the club’s youth academy staff as Millwall’s Schoolboy of the Year award for a second successive season.
He represented England at youth level, and in May 2002 made his debut for the Under-16s in a 3–1 friendly victory against Belgium. He scored England’s second goal in the 29th minute.
Moses Ashikodi (born 27 June 1987) is a semi-professional footballer who plays for Isthmian League South East Division club VCD Athletic.Diabetics Weekly is your trusted source for reliable health content.
We strive to provide you with timely diabetes-related information to help you live a healthy & happy life.
From how to effectively manage your blood sugar to the best recipes and diets for diabetics, you can always count on us to be there for you with the most authoritative and up-to-date health information – all focused on helping you know how to best manage your diabetes.What It Does
- Scrapes
- Dry heels, elbows and cuticles
- Minor burns
- Bug bites
- Gardener’s hands
- Tattoos
- Sunburn
- Scars
- Boo boo care
Free shipping on all orders $75+
All Purpose Salve has so many uses, we can’t possibly provide instructions for each one. Here are some tips for our favorite ways to use our most versatile Amazing Herbal sal
I am an avid home gardener and because of that always have little nicks and cuts on my hands. Recently, I had a cut on the pad of my thumb that wouldn't heal. No amount of washing, bandaging, or lotion worked. I order this salve hoping it would help. In two days the salve completely shut the wound and a week later it is completely healed. I ordered three more immediately - one for my purse, one for my dad who is a farmer, and one for a backup in the medicine cabinet. I grew up with a grandmother who made homemade "salve." I don't know why I ever started using lotion. This stuff is a real healer.
I love using Ora's salve on burns. It helps heal sunburns I've had and I also use it if I burn myself while cooking. This salve takes the pain away from burns in hours and helps heal sunburns almost overnight for me.
We’ve tried many products to heal small scrapes, treat dry cuticles and save hands during winter. We love Ora’s family of products, especially The Herbal Salve. It absorbs fast, conditions long, smells great & is naturally good for skin. We use it everyday on hands, elbows, bums, knees & toes!
I was doubtful that the salve could be as good as other reviewers stated. I began using it each night and by the second night my heels began to take on a healthy glow and feel. I couldn’t believe it. I am going to give it as Christmas gifts this year. I couldn’t be more pleased.
The All Purpose Salve works great on all sorts of skin issues.Made.
This post was sponsored by Made Good Foods and Mambo Sprouts. As always, I only work with brands I love and use in my own kitchen, and all opinions are 100% my own.
I’m excited to share one of my newest favorite products with you: Made Good Foods Granola Minis and Bars.
Wow, did Made Good Foods knock it out of the park with this one! My kids couldn’t wait to dig in when we opened up the box that was sent. My oldest reached for the Chocolate Banana Minis first, and immediately asked for them to be put in his school lunch the following day, while my (picky) toddler reached for the closest bag of minis, devoured them, and asked for more.
We pack lunches every day because my school-age kids are both on low sodium diets (you might be appalled at how much sodium is in an average school lunch), and we avoid sending any types of nuts because of the kids at school who have allergies. I often find myself wondering what I’m going to pack them, without packing the same things over and over.
I was so excited to see that these snacks have no sodium, none. In addition to that, they are packed with the nutrients of a full serving of veggies, but my kids would never guess it. There are no added vitamins or weird stuff, just real ingredients.
I checked out the labels before passing them out, and secretly guessed that they wouldn’t taste all that great. Wrong. While my personal fav is the chocolate chip granola bar (followed closely by Apple Cinnamon Minis), I have tried every single flavor and have loved them all.
Made Good Foods snacks come in the following flavors:
Granola Minis:
- Apple Cinnamon
- Chocolate Banana
- Chocolate Chip
- Strawberry
Granola Bars:
- Apple Cinnamon
- Chocolate Banana
- Chocolate Chip
- Mixed Berry
8 Comments
LindaNovember 30, -0001 at 12:00 am
Love, love, love that these are free of pretty much everything. The perfect snack.
thereislifeafterwheat@gmail.comNovember 30, -0001 at 12:00 am
Me too Linda, I’m blown away by how good they taste, too!
RaiaFebruary 24, 2017 at 7:23 am
I’ve never heard of this brand before, but they look delicious, and clean too! Thanks for sharing!
thereislifeafterwheat@gmail.comFebruary 24, 2017 at 2:07 pm
Raia, you’ll love these! Snacks like this are so hard to find.
Emily @ Recipes to NourishFebruary 27, 2017 at 10:08 am
I haven’t seen these yet. They sound like a great little snack!
thereislifeafterwheat@gmail.comFebruary 27, 2017 at 10:11 am
We’ve loved them Emily! Hope you get a chance to try them, I think you’ll love them too.
Rebecca @ Strength and SunshineFebruary 27, 2017 at 12:37 pm
What a great snack! I’ve seen them, but never tried them myself!
thereislifeafterwheat@gmail.comFebruary 27, 2017 at 1:44 pm
Rebecca I bet you would love them!
DawnFebruary 27, 2017 at 12:56 pm
Aw! I never knew they made granola minis! I def want to try.
thereislifeafterwheat@gmail.comFebruary 27, 2017 at 1:45 pm
The minis are my kids’ favs 🙂 OK, they’re mine too haha!What can you not do in Muay Thai?
You can NOT use the hip or shoulder to throw an opponent in any kind of judo throw or reap. You can NOT step across, or in front of, your opponents leg with your leg and bringing your opponent over your hip. You can NOT grab the opponent’s hip in a waist lock and throw them using a hip throw.
Should I shave my legs for Muay Thai?
Shaved legs are a thing..
Is there a 10 count in Muay Thai?.
Can you do Muay Thai without fighting?.
Do BJJ fighters shave their legs?
MMA fighters will often shave their legs because it helps to be more slippery and escape a variety of wrestling and BJJ grappling and holds more easily. … It’s painful and frequent that it could encourage a lot of fighters to just shave their legs altogether.
Why is Muay Thai so brutal?.
What should I look for in a Muay Thai Gym?
How To Select The Right Muay Thai Gym For You
- 1) World-Class Instructors.
- 2) Convenient Schedules.
- 3) A True Martial Arts Environment.
- 4) Quality Training Partners.
- 5) Clean, Family-Friendly Environment.
What size gloves should I get for Muay Thai?
For training of this nature, gloves between 12-14oz are usually prescribed. Young children may use a lighter weight around 6-8oz while heavier folks can consider 16oz. Theoretically, the heavier the gloves, the more protection they offer due to having more padding.
What gloves should I use for Muay Thai?
Both Boxing and Muay Thai prefer prefer the use of 16oz gloves for sparring. If you weigh less than 140lbs (63kg) then you can usually get by with 14oz. In general however you will not go wrong with a pair of 16oz gloves.Abstract
The interaction energies of the van der Waals dimers H2O-H2O, Cl2-HF, ClF-HF and N2O-HF have been calculated for a range of geometries using ab initio SCF techniques. The SCF binding energies have been decomposed into electrostatic, exchange, polarisation and charge-transfer contributions and the intermolecular angles optimised with respect to various combinations of the above components. The effects of exchange, polarisation and charge transfer on the shape of a given dimer are found approximately to cancel, so that in each case a purely electrostatic model is capable of predicting intermolecular angles that agree well with those of a full SCF treatment, as well as with experiment. These findings are consistent with the proposals and earlier calculations of Buckingham and Fowler.Happy New Year!
All around the world people will be choosing this week to make New Year's resolutions. The closing of an old year, and the ringing in of a new year is cause to celebrate. What resolutions will you make? We are curious about the vows Southern Floridians will make this year.Miami is a fun, crazy city. You see some one-of-a-kind characters on foot, bike, or traveling in a car. With such a lively culture, there are sure to be quite a few humorous entries when Miami residents make their New Year vows. The traditional vows to lose weight, swear less, and be more happy will pepper people's papers, but we like to think there are a few other pressing matters on South Floridians minds. Nowhere else would people make New Year's resolutions like the ones people in Miami, Florida would make.
So, without further ado, we present our list of Five New Year’s Resolutions South Floridians Should Make. Whether you live in the area or not, these are sure to ring true.
1. In 2015, many South Floridians will vow to refrain from wearing a bathing suit while riding a bicycle at a busy intersection. This is especially true of 80 year olds. Also, it will become illegal for anybody at all to wear a Speedo while bicycling.
2. South Floridians will pledge to collectively redo the entire Miami highway system. Anyone living in Miami understands where this sentiment is coming from. The current roads have passed frustrating and entered into the realm of downright aggravation. They are archaic, and they need to be redone. Sooner than later is preferable.
3. Miami residents who do not already speak a second language will take the time to learn one in the coming new year. After all, Spanglish is considered by many to be the native tongue in South Florida.
4. South Floridians as a whole will make a firm resolution to be on time. Most people in the region are at least two hours late. To everything. Don’t let this influence you. Set an example and don’t be late.
5. Buy new flip flops. They are largely considered to be the national shoe of Miami, which is fine when they're actually functional. If you do not have a pair in every color known to man, you are behind the times.
If you live in Miami, or Southern Florida, celebrate the New Year by making some resolutions to improve yourself and your quality of life in 2015. No matter what has happened in the past, the New Year is a chance to make a fresh start.Before you head out to farms, we need to know how to contact you and keep you safe. Please provide the following information to get connected to a gleaning program near you.
I.
I have read, understand and agree to abide by this agreement. My failure to follow the above guidelines may result in the termination of my involvement with all Gleaning Collective Member activities.
I'm comfortable having my image appear in publications by Salvation Farms and Member Organizations of the Vermont Gleaning Collective.
WeReserve Bank governor Glenn Stevens is concerned about Sydney’s booming house prices, describing the market as “crazy”.
Mr Stevens says that he finds the steep rises in property prices in Australia’s biggest city “acutely concerning” and that the issue is a social problem.
“Yes, I am concerned about Sydney. I think some of what’s happening is crazy,” he told a business lunch on Wednesday.
• Green shoots, but in all the wrong places
• RBA cuts rates to a record low
His comments came as HSBC research found Australian home prices have risen 24 per cent in the past three years, though the gains have mostly been confined to Sydney and Melbourne.
Sydney prices had jumped 39 per cent, while Melbourne prices were up 22 per cent while the average price for the rest of the country was 10 per cent.
Mr Stevens said Sydney’s housing boom was not simply a result of record low interest rates and noted that the RBA was focused on ensuring lending standards improved.
He said the RBA took into consideration what was happening in all property markets across the country, not just Sydney, when deciding whether to adjust the cash rates.
In other developments, Mr Stevens gave his clearest indication yet that the Reserve Bank had not ruled out another rate reduction after opting to leave the cash rate at two per cent last week.
The central bank cut the rate by a quarter of percentage point in February and again in May, taking it to a new historic low.
Economists are now split on whether there will be another cut before the end of 2015.
“The Reserve Bank will remain attuned to what it can do,” Mr Stevens told the Economic Society of Australia.
“We remain open to the possibility of further policy easing, if that is, on balance, beneficial for sustainable growth.”
However, he warned that there were limits to the effectiveness of any future moves in the cash rate and renewed his calls for governments to start spending on major infrastructure projects to help boost the economy.
“The temptation, of course, is to presume outcomes can be fine-tuned by policy settings and that we can simply dial up more or less demand … (the) reality is inevitably more messy than that,” he said.
Mr Stevens said the outlook for June quarter economic growth was likely to be worse than the RBA had predicted two years ago, pointing to weak business investment, and government investment falling eight per cent in the past year.
“In Australia, recent growth in the economy has not been as strong as we want,” the governor added.
He said economic growth is not expected to pick up anytime soon, despite residential investment hitting record highs and modest growth in household consumption.
“Other areas of investment seem very low and … the most recent indications are for, if anything, a weakening over the year ahead.”
He said there was room for governments around Australia to boost infrastructure spending, which would support confidence and construction work.
“The impediments to this outcome are not financial,” Mr Stevens said.
“The funding would be available, with long-term interest rates the lowest we have ever seen or are likely to.”
On the plus side, Mr Stevens said there was “upside risk” that the Aussie dollar could fall further, which would help growth.
AAPNATURAL STONE
COLUMNS & MONOLITHS
Natural Stone Columns and Monoliths
Landscaping elements with flare
Bring a unique style to your home and added curb appeal with natural stone columns or monoliths. Brighten up your favorite outdoor space by adding colorful flowers at the base of your stone column, or create a water bubbler or fountain with an Aquascape water feature kit.
AQUASCAPE
American Stone is an authorized dealer for Aquascape products. Pick up stone to pair with your fountain, pond and water feature supplies, all in one place. Visit your local American Stone and see all the water feature possibilities you can create! We can help you to Build it Beautiful!
Beautiful Water Features
A beautiful water feature enhances any outdoor living space. Natural stone basalt columns are excellent for water features.
Landmarks and Focal Points
Give your outdoor space a notable landmark. A natural stone monolith is eye-grabbing and beautiful.
Stunning Garden Displays
Make your garden space stand above the rest with a stunning stone display. Natural stone columns raise your garden to a higher level of beauty.
Columns
Many owners have questions on how foreclosure works and how lengthy they have between when they miss a cost and when the bank actually forecloses. When mediation is terminated for defendants who do not go ahead with mortgage modifications there is nonetheless an opportunity to buy more time to reside of their homes. At that point it becomes an REO property” (Real Estate Owned) aka a bank owned dwelling” or (technically erroneously) a foreclosure”.
60 Minutes explains that something weird” has happened in that the banks and lending establishments foreclosing on properties have by some means misplaced” the foreclosure paperwork required to legally foreclose on homes. The second mortgages have given the banks a loophole: every greenback a financial institution forgives goes toward fulfilling its obligation underneath last year’s settlement.
E.D. Va. 1983) (holding that debtor’s proper to redeem truck was property of the property that a chapter courtroom might compel an entity in possession to turn over). Attempt to Promote the House: If the borrowers determine that they can’t afford the house, then the borrower might still be capable to cut back the damaging effects of the foreclosure by attempting to promote the house.
– At most lenders, when you’re 60 days late (September 2 in our case), your mortgage is taken into account in default and the lender can start either the Judicial or Non-Judicial foreclosure course of. When a mortgage broker brought Irwin a mortgage at below the par rate, the dealer was required to pay low cost points for the mortgage.
Relying on state law, the lender might be required to publish the notice on the front door of the property. This happens after the homeowner has stopped paying on the loan, often after the third missed cost by the owners. You possibly can authorize a lawyer, HUD-certified housing counseling company, or different advisor to speak in your behalf with the lender about methods to keep away from foreclosure.
BROKEN ROSARY
cedar, rose, cardamom, moss, cinnamon leaf and orris.Well, it is safe to say that the season has not started as well as we had hoped. Four games played, three losses and a boring draw against Frosinone. A lot of things have irritated me this season, besides the most obvious like not winning and not scoring goals. What is most irritating is the
Tag: Krejci
The injury to Verdi gives other players an opportunity to impress.
Bologna welcome Juventus for a very interesting match Sunday afternoon. Atl.. Event
- Private Event
- Conference & Meeting
- Function Space
- Offsite Space
Our 2,050 square foot spacious event space, is called The Living Room due to its lounge furniture throughout, about 75-seating lounge pieces, with..
Page 1 of 11. Jump to page: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ... 11 < Prev Next >Our Work
Core Themes
More Topics
Commentary & Analysis
You are here
Home » Blogs » Rural Development » Food and Agriculture » Trade » 15:13 » labor mobility Trade filter Trade
- Globalization (1) Apply Globalization filter
- World Trade Organization (WTO) (1) Apply World Trade Organization (WTO) filter
By Date
- (-) Remove 15:13 filter 15:13
Commentary MenuOriginal article no longer available
NW Mail
Last updated 12:09, Tuesday, 21 October 2008
A PENSIONER found drowned near a Lake District beauty spot took her own life while depressed, an inquest has heard.
The body of Ivy Riley, aged 86, of New Road, Kirkby Lonsdale, was found by tourists in the shallow waters of Windermere, at Waterhead, on July 16 this year.
Yesterday, South Cumbria coroner Ian Smith was told Mrs Riley’s depression had been triggered by a letter from the Department for Social Services stating they had accepted her claim for attendant’s allowance.
Her son, David Riley, from Preston Patrick, near Kendal, said his mother felt she was not entitled to the amount offered and was worried by a phrase on the letter that said the money was to pay for both day and night time assistance.
Mr Riley explained: “She was encouraged by a neighbour to apply for attendant’s allowance. But she was shocked at the figure offered and she felt she was not entitled to it, it was too much.
“She also objected to the wording that indicated she may need assistance through the night.
“She lived alone and wanted this changed on the paperwork. I believe this was the trigger for her depression.”
The hearing at County Hall in Kendal heard how Mrs Riley, a widow, subsequently took an overdose of painkillers resulting in a stay at the Royal Lancaster Infirmary.
Community mental health nurse, Simon Kent, described for the inquest how the pensioner had not made the progress she had wished for in her recovery from depression and had begun taking a higher dose of anti-depressants in the week before her death.
He also recounted for the court that Mrs Riley had suffered two previous bouts of the illness during her lifetime, which seemed to occur every 20 years, and had taken an overdose during one of these occasions.
South Cumbria coroner Ian Smith said he would give a narrative verdict on Mrs Riley’s death.
He said Mrs Riley caught a bus to Ambleside under her own steam before taking her life in the lake.
He added he believed her concern at receiving something she did not feel she was entitled to put her in a depression but that she had received full support from health professionals.
Mr Smith said: “It’s obvious she was troubled at being awarded attendant’s allowance.
“I fully accept that she was of a generation which was very uneasy about being entitled to anything and she had been assisted by someone with the form.
“However, she was entitled to this money.
“The trigger was very minor but it may not have looked minor from her point of view.
“Mrs Riley died as a consequence of her own actions while recovering from severe mental illness.
“I believe it was the depression that decided what she did, not Mrs Riley herself.”#ConcertProduction #SpecialEventProd #Unique&ExclusiveLocation #PublicRelation #SpecialTravel
2019: 1 year in 2mn
# Special Event Production
Zain gathers "music and art skills" to create unique moments.
Zain artists network, developed through 15 years of Event Production, to create one of a kind emotions:
Michelin cook, Sound designer, Art Light engineer, Dance performer, Sportsman, Dj's.
Zain Agency has produced some of the most diverses and big events :
- Grand Palais Private Sting concert for 100yFIE with 1 thousand seated diner guests (2013: 3MEbudget),
-104 T-night (Rolex group) "Strategies Event of the year" in 2009.
- Cartier Cactus collection or Dior addict with "London Grammar private performance" for Sharlize Teron.
- Pucci party with private performance of Solange Knowles for Peter Dundas.
- Balmain party, Vogues, LV, System, Gaya, Mastermind Diners,... at Loulou.
Due to the position of Monsieur Bleu in Palais de Tokyo and Loulou at musée des Arts Decoratifs,
we are linked to art world producing dinners for White Cube, Gagosian, Kamel Nennour galleries
or media such as the relaunching of "Beaux-Arts magazine" and "Numéro Arts".
En-tête 4
# Unique & Exclusive locations
Zain is exclusively producing all special events
Zain, throughout its network, scouts unique venues to create one of a kind night creative concepts
# Public Relation
Benjamin_zain is founding partner of Raspoutine (7 years), MonsieurBleu (4 years), Loulou (1 year) in charge of Public Relation, Communication and Event production. This gave him the opportunity to enlarge his connection to international cercle and fashion industry.
For 15 years, Benjamin_zain did Public Relation missions for Rolex, Maserati, Chaumet, IWC, Lancel, Armani, Jcrew, Tiffany,... inventing and producing concepts to bring happy few to exclusive shared moments with brands.
# Special Travel Agent
Since 2002, Zain has runned unique trips for unique people: Heliskiing in Ouzbekistan or Kamchatka, kitesurfing and dancing in Kazantip (Burning man of Ex-Ussr) with always the desire to bring special treatments in the middle of nowhere. But our main talent has been to bring together like-minded people that became life-time friends by sharing unusual experience in remote location.
As we like to say : "Travelling like partying is not about the place you are, but the people you are with! "
This has led Zain to combine Travel and Party skills by producing "3daysParties" in best planet spots: Swedish art magma birthday jubile week-end in Capri, Cirque du soleil founder week-end in Kiev, Young french taifoon 3days celebration with sports competition and high-level parties in Val d'Isere, nothing is impossible for us, along its unusual to create.
Zain does not have clients, just a circle of trust that asked them for 15years to create happiness. Join the circle! to be 😊 happy...Pennsauken is considered a Large Town with a population of 35,863 and 3,673 businesses. 26 in 2018 were added to the Pennsauken Chamber of Commerce business directory which was more than 2017 which had 22.
The economy of Pennsauken employs 23,921 people and has an unemployment rate of 9.4%. Some of the largest industries in Pennsauken are Professional Services (173),Restaurants (91), and Locksmiths (76).Criss-Cross
Today is the day we reveal our quilts made in the Friendship Swap of the Cross-X blocks (some call them the + and x blocks). I got started on this through an invitation from Krista of KristaStitched, who is now found more commonly on Instagram. She wrote and invited me to play along, and since I’d always wanted to try out this block, I agreed. Susan of PatchworkNPlay and Carla of Lollyquiltz set us up a Flickr Group and we were in business.
I’m sure you remember these photos, as we kept track of our progress. Well, all of a sudden we were done, and then all of a sudden there was a deadline of today to get the quilt done. So, what you see up there is my quilt top (or flimsy), as the quilt is at the quilter, and since I was a bit slow in getting the top done, I don’t have the final “finish” on the quilt. Soon, very soon.
However, I don’t think I have to worry about my partner Krista finishing her quilt top before I will. She was working on a better and bigger project, which arrived several weeks early! Congratulations, Krista! Having Baby Rita here safe and sound is waaaaay better than a quilt top. Many thanks to Krista, Carla and Susan, for inspiring us to a Cross-X quilt top.
Thought you’d like to see what the inspiration was for these blocks, in the early days:
This quilt by Setsuko Inagawa, which used an old block by Nancy Cabot, caught everyone’s eye. The pattern diagram and the current origins (from Badskirt) are *here.*
UPDATES: Here are some thumbnails of the completed quilts or quilt tops, with links to their blogs.
Carla, from Lollyquiltz
Carla, from Grace and Favour
Susan, from Patchwork N Play
Cindy, from Live A Colorful Life
Heidi of Libellen Quilts
Jane of Jane’s Fabrics and Quilts
13 thoughts on “Friendship Swap for the Cross-X Block”
Firstly, thanks for sharing this amazing journey with us! And I love that original quilt- so very French! Your yellow border is stunning- I look forward to seeing it in all it’s quilted glory soon!
It looks wonderful. I LOVE the yellow border. Yes, I would say that Krista has more important things to work on right now.
You cross x top is gorgeous- congratulations on a great finish!
It’s great Elizabeth! Such a great example of scrappy and that border is perfect.
The colors just sing together! Very uplifting. And how great that it was a work created by an ensemble of friends. H.
I enjoyed seeing you and Krista post blocks on Instagram!!! The quilt top is so pretty!! That counts as a finish in my book. Also, happy to see baby Rita pictures too on IG 😉
The orange outer border is great. These are looking so good. I love seeing how each one is the same only waaaaay different!
I really like your quilt and all the scrappiness of the blocks. Perfect for movie watching!
That border totally makes the quilt. The squares are beautiful, and the border really makes them shine. Gorgeous quilt.
How great your colorful quilt looks, Elizabeth! Thanks for playing along. I saw Krista at KCMQG a few weeks ago and she looked great. I bet she will be back to quilting before you know it now that Rita has gotten to come home!
What a great quilt and the border really makes it sing!
Wow, so many gorgeous quilts! Now I’m really sad I didn’t finish mine, haha. Owell, I guess Rita is keeping me pretty busy. Thanks for swapping with me, this was so fun.
Thanks for sharing all the little thumb nail pics. You all made such great quilts and yet all so different. It’s a good block for showing off lots of variety.Own this business? Learn more about offering online ordering to your diners.
Le Chalets
served with cajun fries
hand battered then deep fried to crispy perfection. served with cajun fries
shucked and battered. served with cajun fries
lightly battered served with cajun fries
served with cajun fries
cajun or lemon pepper, served with cajun fries.
all of the above
ginger crushed black peppercorn
whole
Menu for Le Chal.E-cigarette vaping credited by some for sharp drop in smoking [...]
For years now, provincial governments, public-health officials and anti-smoking groups have lobbied hard against electronic cigarettes, arguing they risk fueling a disastrous come-back in tobacco use. But the latest statistics show a sharp drop in the percentage of Canadians who smoke, and some experts argue the most plausible explanation lies in the popularity of e-cigarette “vaping” – despite constant official discouragement of it.
2016-11-22
news.nationalpost.com
New Study on E-Cigarettes and Bronchitis: An Example of Scientific Dishonesty and Deception
A new study published online [...].
2016-11-22
tobaccoanalysis.blogspot.com
Early childhood household smoke exposure predicts later delinquency [...].
2016-11-22
eurekalert.org
Smoke’s negative effects should guide marijuana and tobacco policy
Canada is in the process of introducing increasingly stringent measures to discourage use of tobacco, while simultaneously moving forward with a plan that [...] tacitly legitimizes the recreational use of marijuana through its legalization. These two very different approaches to smokable leaf products fail to give due attention to a crucial similarity between smoking tobacco and smoking marijuana: the smoke.
2016-11-22
policyoptions.irpp.org
Flavors.
2016-11-22
medicalxpress.com
California marijuana industry is a '$25 billion opportunity'.
2016-11-22
usatoday.comBy Stephen Dafoe
Morinville – St. Jean Baptiste Park was the setting for an emotionally-charged candle light vigil Dec. 16. About 50 adults and youth attended the anti-bullying vigil organized by Morinville Community High School Student Travis Loseth and his family and friends.
As participants stood shoulder to shoulder with their candles around the park’s gazebo, each had the opportunity to hear personal stories on bullying and its effects on youth and adults alike, information made all the more poignant by the reading out of the names and ages of the many North America youth who, since 2010, had taken their lives due to bullying.
Over the course of the event, it was explained that bullying consists of three components: aggressive and negative actions towards an individual, a pattern of behaviour repeated over time, and an imbalance of power and strength. Additionally, it was explained bullying can take on many forms, including negative comments and name calling, social exclusion and isolation, physical violence towards a person, lies and false rumours spread about a person, items damaged by bullying students, and cyber bullying via cell phone or Internet.
Although Loseth has not personally experienced bullying, he indicated friends and family had in the past. One of those friends, Brittany Hope, shared her touching personal story of bullying and how close she came to taking the route of the many youth whose names had been read earlier in the evening. Hope, who had lived in Ontario before moving to Alberta, explained how she was bullied by students at her school and yet felt so attached to them she was unwilling to leave them behind to travel west.
“I cried because I couldn’t leave my friends behind,” she said, adding she told her parents she wanted to live with her aunt so as to be with them. “We ended up leaving and one day, sitting in my new house here, I sat down and I realized I never had friends to lose – that I didn’t leave anyone behind because no one ever cared about me, and no one ever loved me.”
Hope said she experienced severe depression until half way through Grade 9 when she began loving herself. “I finally had real friends,” she said. “The only reason I’m still here today is because I have amazing friends like Travis [Loseth] and Victoria [Dean] and Savannah [Lincez] and everyone else that’s supported me in the last five years since I’ve been here. I honestly owe my life to every single one of them. I wake up in the morning now and I Say, ‘I get to see my friends today.’ I know that they are actually friends and that they will support me in every single moment of my life because I finally know what love is.”
Hope’s story was not the only emotional tale told during the vigil. Loseth’s mother, Valerie, told the story of how her son came out to her and her husband a year ago. Mrs. Loseth said, like any mother, she was worried about how her son’s friends and teachers at Morinville Community High School would deal with the news he was gay. “I was worried he was going to be bullied because he was gay,” Mrs. Loseth explained. “Well, let me tell you, he has been shown such wonderful support by all. The evening of and the days after he came out, his Facebook page was flooded by over 50 to 60 messages of support from students at school. Fellow students telling him they were proud of him, and saying they thought he was brave and strong, and telling him they were there for him if he needed a friend.”
Mrs. Loseth said it is because of the positive support from teachers and students at the school that he son is comfortable with himself. “He has so much passion for what he believes that he wanted to organize tonight’s event because he knows that not everyone is treated equally,” she said, adding she and her husband could not be prouder of him.
The vigil included Travis Loseth and friends doing the dance routine they and fellow MCHS students performed for a Government of Alberta anti-bullying video a few weeks ago. A closing prayer by Morinville Christian Fellowship’s Youth Minister Pastor Peter Visscher ended the evening.
Wow. I’m so proud of you for organizing this, Travis. I salute you, and everyone who attended the vigil, for having the courage to stand up for those who are being victimized, and showing them that there is somewhere they can turn when they need support.
This story gives me new hope for today’s youth, who will be tomorrow’s leaders. My best to everyone!By The C @ City Beach Oval
w/ Icehouse, Pete Murray, You Am I, Tex Perkins, Killing Heidi
Saturday, March 26, 2021
7/10
The strong show of hands in response to local radio personality and host for the day, Clairsy, and his question about who bought tickets for today’s show when they originally went on sale in October 2019, indicated that Aussie royalty Icehouse’s return to the West was a long time coming.
Through a few date changes, the line up remained intact with the WA leg of the Icehouse By The C tour favouring the likes of Tim and Tex over acts like Motor Ace and Baby Animals, who joined the headliners on dates at beaches on the eastern seaboard.
Killing Heidi hit the stage at 2pm to a growing audience of seated punters. Yes, the requirements of large outdoor gatherings under the State of Emergency that WA has been under for more than a year was creatively addressed at By The C with all attendees required to bring a fold-up camping chair and stake their position, which only added to the relaxed vibe for the day under the sun.
Ella Hooper’s energy got toes tapping and heads nodding as she led her band through a short set that covered the earworms of their first album, namely Weir and Mascara, while the warts-and-all vibe remained on some of their early tunes. Surely the pick scratching and double kick aren’t required for hearing Superman/Supergirl in 2021? Okay, so maybe the double kick outro was a guilty pleasure…
During the long break between bands, the DJs’ selections could be gauged by the reactions of a security guard in front of the stage. He uncontrollably tapped along to Toto’s Africa, but halfway through the next song, namely Alex Lloyd’s Amazing, his hand has stopped moving and a glum downtrodden look had settled on his face.
When Tex Perkins did hit the stage, his backing band broke into the strains of Pay the Devil His Due, a dark country song that drew the ire of attendees wanting shiny happy hits. Longtime collaborator Matt Walker handled the 12 string acoustic guitar duties while Tex sporadically banged away his black Telecaster, using it more as an accessory than a key contributor to the sound.
A Place in the Sun saw the frontman continually attempting to keep the sun out of his eyes, before he declared with the voice of a southern American preacher that he was only going to be “funky from now on.” Showing off his wit, Tex briefly won over the crowd with his funky jam, before concluding his session with the Cruel Sea classic The Honeymoon is Over.
By the time You Am I took the stage, it became obvious why $6 camp chairs were not the best option for your reviewer today. Still the pain in one’s rib cage and lower back must have been pale in comparison to Tim Rogers’ ailments, which he alluded to several times before admitting that the night before took a toll on him and he was suffering in the blinding sun today as a result.
Nevertheless, Rogers brought his a-game with a set made for the festival stage. After introducing a new song from their soon-be-be-released new album, Rogers taunted the crowd, “Usually [a new song’s] the last thing you want to hear – play Heavy Heart,” he teased. “‘Well, get a load of this song – you’ll forget I ever had a heart, if I ever had one!”
While the track itself didn’t live up to those high expectations, it still fit alongside their classics, including Get Up, Cathy’s Clown, Mr Milk and Applecross Wing Commander, with a nod to the suburb a few postcodes away which is almost as affluent as where the frontman attended school. Closing with Berlin Chair, You Am I delivered as they regularly do.
Speaking of 51-year-old frontmen, a fellow specimen described by Rogers as being of the “bronzed variety” and thus made for the afternoon sun was Pete Murray himself. While the previous bands spoke of catching flights from Melbourne that morning, Murray’s declaration of flying from Brisbane that day drew a few nervous laughs due to Queensland’s COVID cluster making headlines over the weekend.
Churning through his hits, which can be classed as where white-meets-bread and where AOR meets MOR, such as Opportunity and Better Days, the former athlete had plenty queueing at the food vans for respite. His band ably remained faithful to the original records, which is a testament to their restraint.
With the sunset on City Beach, Iva Davies and his rejuvenated Icehouse returned to the stage as one of the busiest touring bands in the world in 2021, having already played three shows thus far. The band got straight to business, kicking off with Icehouse, the song that the band recorded when they were still known as Flowers.
Following up with Electric Blue, the live version somehow exceeded the quality of the record, with the intricate vocal arrangements brought to the fore. Hey Little Girl, Crazy and Street Cafe continued the party before the eagerly anticipated Great Southern Land led to a David Bowie cover, Jean Genie. It was a fitting choice for a band so clearly inspired by the Thin White Duke.
As the crowd filed out to surrounding sand dunes and car parks, folded camping chairs under arms, the sense that maybe things are getting back to normal took hold. The crowd was well-behaved and followed the instructions of the many COVID marshals in high vis vests, while the extra room available in the reduced capacity setting allowed punters to have their own space in which to throw shapes. Here’s hoping these types of shows continue throughout 2021 and the long-suffering music industry can recover.
MORTY HORGAN
Photos by Adrian Thomson.
This is the time to ask questions about possible procedures such as teeth whitening. You can look at pictures of actual Highlands Ranch porcelain veneer patients and Littleton dental implant recipients. Our cosmetic dentistry patients really get excited when they see images of the possible results for their teeth.
By listening effectively and asking the right questions, Drs. Almeida & Bell can fully assess the many variables unique to your needs.
Drs. Almeida & Bell thoroughly examines teeth, gums and biting function. Complete x-rays are taken. Existing dental work, tooth color, tooth alignment, and gum condition are taken into consideration. Medical history and lifestyle are also important considerations. Lone Tree cosmetic dentistry costs are outlined.
Taking the first step to learn is your key to understanding your options and preparing to make decisions. Learn about the possibilities for your smile at Almeida & Bell Cosmetic Dentistry; give us a call at 303-858-9000.Throughout September I got a crash-course introduction to the Blackmagic Cinema Camera as I used it to shoot Harriet Sams’ period action adventure web series The First Musketeer. The camera was kindly lent to us by our gaffer, Richard Roberts. Part-way through the shoot I recorded my initial thoughts on the camera in this video blog:
Here’s a summary of the key differences between the Blackmagic and a Canon DSLR.
Having now come to the end of the project, I stand by the key message of my video blog above: if you already own a DSLR, it’s not worth upgrading to a Blackmagic. You’d just be swapping one set of problems (rolling shutter, external monitoring difficulties, aliasing) for another (hard-to-see on-board screen, weight, large depth of field).
The depth of field was really the killer for me. Having shot on the 600D for three years I’m used to its lovely shallow depth of field. With the Blackmagic’s smaller 16mm sensor it was much harder to throw backgrounds of focus, particularly on wide shots. At times I felt like some of the material I was shooting looked a bit “TV” as a result.
The small sensor also creates new demands on your set of lenses; they all become more telephoto than they used to be. A 50mm lens used on a crop-chip DSLR like the 600D is equivalent to about an 72mm lens on a full-frame camera like the 5D Mark III or a traditional 35mm SLR. That same 50mm lens used on the Blackmagic is equivalent to 115mm! It was lucky that data wrangler Rob McKenzie was able to lend us his Tokina 11-16mm f2.8 otherwise we would not have been able to get useful wide shots in some of the more cramped locations.
As for the Blackmagic’s ability to shoot raw, it sounds great, but will you use it? I suggest the images you get in ProRes mode are good enough for anything bar a theatrical release, and are of a far more manageable data size. You still get the high dynamic range in ProRes mode (although it’s optional), and that takes a little getting used to for everyone. More than once the director asked me to make stuff moodier, more shadowy; the answer was it is shadowy, you just won’t be able to see it like that until it’s graded.
The colour saturation is also very low, again to give maximum flexibility in the grade, but it makes it very hard for the crew huddled around the monitor to get a sense of what the finished thing is going to look like. As a cinematographer I pride myself on delivering images that looked graded before they actually are, but I couldn’t do that with the Blackmagic. But maybe that’s just a different workflow I’d need to adapt to.
The biggest plus to the BMCC is the lovely organic images it produces, as a result of both the down-sampling from 2.5K and the high dynamic range. This was well suited to The First Musketeer’s period setting. However, I think next season I’ll be pushing for a Canon C300 to get back the depth of field.
I’ll leave you with a few frame grabs from The First Musketeer.
Note: I have amended this post as I originally stated, incorrectly, that the BMCC has a global shutter. The new 4K Blackmagic Production Camera does have a global shutter though.HEKLA – Song For Ewe
“Sigríður Níelsdóttir started making music at 70 and made 59 albums in 6 years, making her one of the most productive musicians in Iceland.”
Copy and paste this URL into your WordPress site to embed
Copy and paste this code into your site to embedI recently passed the Microsoft certification exam for 70-411. To celebrate this achievement, I would like to tell you that I used GreatExam Microsoft 70-411 braindumps...
QUESTION 4.
The domain contains more than 100 Group Policy objects (GPOs).
Currently, there are no enforced GPOs.
You have a GPO named GPO1 that is linked to the domain.
You need to configure GPO1 to apply settings to Group1 only.
What should you use?
A. Dcgpofix
B. Get-GPOReport
C. Gpfixup
D. Gpresult
E. Gpedit. msc
F. Import-GPO
G. Restore-GPO
H. Set-GPInheritance
I. Set-GPLink
J. Set-GPPermission
K. Gpupdate
L. Add-ADGroupMember
Answer: C
QUESTION 440?
A. Modify the Delegation settings of Starter_GPO1.
B. Modify the Group Policy Preferences in Starter_GPO1.
C. Link a WMI filter to GPO1.
D...Alternator Pulley - Mercedes-Benz (119-155-03-15)
1992-1999 Mercedes-Benz (1191550315)
Details
- Genuine:
- SKU: 119-155-03-15
- Other Names: Pulley
- Description:
Gas engine, 110 amp. 6 Groove. 500. E420.
- Condition: New
- Notes: PARTS: Included in alternator asssembly. Order by description.
- Sold In Quantity: 1
Also Purchased
Mercedes-Benz USA LLC
The Alternator Pulley (119-155-03-15).Fei Yu Ching Concert 2016 8 December 2015 – 2 January 2016 Add to calendar Get gig news & updates Fei had performed several theme songs for TV drama series, some of which were more successful than the shows themselves. He has a melodious and distinctive voice that elevated him to stardom with his numerous hits such as 《一剪梅》，《晚安曲》，《送你一把泥土》，《万里长城》，《梦驼铃》，《情深往事直到永远》and many more. In 2006, he did a duet song 《千里之外》with the popular Taiwan singer Jay Chou and created a stir in the music industry, which brought his singing career closer to more youngsters. Fei Yu Qing stages sold out concerts in almost every country he performed. He is also well known for his rendition of golden oldies as well as his humorous and signature jokes on stage. Catch this songbird in action as he enchants you with an unforgettable and enjoyable evening.Bookstores Specializing in Autobiographies & Biographies/Memoirs
Looking for autobiographies & biographies/memoirs books? Biblio.com hosts over 5500 of the finest online book stores and booksellers, including specialists in autobiographies & biographies/memoirs. Use the list below to locate a specific specialist bookseller or book store near you. Or, use the form below to search the inventory of all booksellers who specialize in autobiographies & biographies/memoirs.
bookstogo
Brampton, Cumbria, United Kingdom
Rare and good quality books. Everything from educational to local history and beyond.The future of a woodland has been secured after 300 trees were planted on the Malvern Hills.
Saplings of Norway Spruce, Scots Pine and Hornbeam donated by local people and visitors have been planted by a team of Malvern Hills Trust volunteers in Thirds Wood on Jubilee Drive.
In recent years MHT have undertaken woodland management in Thirds Wood including removing diseased and weak trees to allow the healthier trees to mature.
Beck Baker, Community and Conservation Officer said, “The species of trees planted here have been carefully selected to maintain the character of this wood for local people and visitors to enjoy. Wildlife including Siskins and Crossbills will also benefit from this habitat conservation.”
Alongside natural regeneration within the woodland, the new trees will ensure that this Thirds Wood remains part of the Malvern Hills’ landscape for generations to come.
Beck added “We’d like to say a huge thank you to the kind people who donated saplings for planting in this woodland. Your support means that this landscape and special part of the Malvern Hills will live on.
“Our thanks also go to our volunteers who play and essential part in looking after the Hills and Commons.”
Thirds Wood was first planted around 1860 as a commemorative planting for Queen Victoria’s Golden Jubilee. Straddling Jubilee Drive on the western side of the Hills, this woodland has a special character all of its own, earning it the local name of ‘Little Switzerland’.I had to go all the way the fuck out to Bolingbrook, IL to find a location to buy a simple key to a trigger lock on a small caliber revolver!
That’s because you can’t buy small plastic keys to trigger locks, you can’t buy trigger locks, you can’t buy guns, paintball guns, or even slingshots in the City of Chicago.
Don’t you love how safe and gun violence free this city as a result of the many absurd bans and prohibitions on guns and any projectile weapons, even the type I played with as a child?
Anyway, I go up to the counter and it’s the day after the Christian Whole-Lie-Day of Jesus’ Birthday, and there are literally hundreds of White people lined up to buy guns, hundreds of them, White men, women, and children.
I kept hearing shit like “home protection,” this guy behind the counter handed this White, Mid-Western, Red Blooded, All-American, Man a shot gun that was bigger than I was. This dude had on fucking boat shoes (in December) a damn Tommy Hilfiger polo shirt, and don’t look like he’s seen a day of real hardship, he fucking lives a exurb that has nothing but McMansions and corporate mega-stores, WTF does he need a fucking Elephant gun for? What the fuck does he think is coming to his home?
Shit!
I’m directly in line behind this couple and this woman is buying a new clock, its molding is pink, but she can’t decide between the one with the solid pink or the pink-camo design. She was upset that the one with the pink-camo was more expensive than the solid pink gun. I bullshit you not, that was her dilemma. So, I’m behind her for like 20-30 mins as she goes back and forth.
Then the clerk looks over her shoulder and ask; “can I help you with something,” I said, “yes, I’m looking for a trigger lock,” and the clerk responded, “those are at the far end of the counter,” then I corrected myself, and said,“I’m sorry, I meant; I need a universal key for the build in trigger locks,” at that point the pink Glock woman rudely cuts me off and started just taking about the cost disparities of the camo and non-camo guns again; the clerk turns away from me as I was in mid-sentence and starts responding to the pink Glock lady.
I say, “excuse me, I’m not done,” this clown then turns to me and says, “well, she was here first,” I say, “that’s true, but you are the one who ask me if I needed help as I waited patiently while she complained bout the cost disparities between the pink Glocks for 20 damn minutes.” The woman, after being so fucking bold and rude kept her eyes averted and head down so low that I though it would roll off of her shoulders. The clerk then said: “I thought you needed something quick,” I said “I thought so too, but that ain’t got shit to do with shit. You need to behave like you have some home training, all of you do.” I said, “I don’t expect much from you but I expect you to at the very lease adhere to the corporate code of conduct and customer service that they teach you at employee orientation.”
Then he started stammering again, then all these gun toting Suburbanites looking at me like I disrupted their Corporate Constructed MidWestern Utopian Paradise. I decided I’d just contact the manufacture from home instead of deal with this shit.
I also thought, “let me get the fuck outta here before my wife comes upstairs and really starts flipping on these Suburban Drones.”
I don’t care how bad the Hood gets, this Suburban culture and lifestyle these people have constructed in these White Ethnic Enclaves are far worse. I swear, I couldn’t live in no shit like that. I know so many Black people who’ve staked their lives on living as close to these people as possible because they think it’s safer and the schools and other social services are better; but damn, you gon sacrifice your sanity for that? If I had to live with their passive-aggression, their palpable hostility, their deep-seeded psycho-pathologies on a daily basis, shit, I couldn’t.
Your life energies are better spent creating safe and dignified spaces of your own instead of fighting to get into spaces that were not built for you and that you are not welcome or wanted. Fuck that.
If the damn White Liberals had not successfully imposed policies to disarm the Black community (or more accurately, “disarm the moral, and upstanding members of the Black community”), and create an anti-gun atmosphere in the major Black metropolises I would even had to have been all the way out there. Damn!
We need to set up cooperatively owned gun stores, gun-smithing shops, and indoor ranges all over the hood. We need to reintroduce Black Gun Culture to the Hood, seriously. Why would we block ourselves from any tool or technology available to all others? But that’s another discussion, tho.
I swear, all the average White America has left to cling to is their false notion of moral and genetic superiority they have over us, that’s it because the White and Corporate Elite have damn near robbed them of everything else, hell what little they have left is gonna be drained by all these Corporatist Republicans they voted in this past November. LoL!
But it ain’t really funny, because when the White Elites drain the White masses of all that they have, and send their sons off to foreign lands to die for even higher corporate profits, these Suburban Drones will gather up their guns and hatred and direct them towards those who ain’t got shit to do with their suffering, and that means us.
History has not been very aggressive about documenting White riots, armed racial aggression, and organized/mass White-on-Black Violence but it has happened more often than you know, and we are one economic calamity, or False Flag Terrorist Attack away from a White Uprising directed at any and everyone except those who are responsible for the economic calamity or Terrorist Attack, mark my words.
Hell, just visit the gun shop, gun show, or even the rural Wal-Mart outside your Hood on any given day, you’ll see these God-Fearing White Americans arming themselves to the teeth, and you can guess their intended target.
You can roll out with me to Bolingbrook and just spend a few minutes at the gun counter and you’ll see Soccer Moms pumping shot guns, and twitchy IT nerds pushing carts full of ammo.Fox has greenlit the reality competition series Lego Masters from Brad Pitt’s Plan B Entertainment and Endemol Shine North America.
Originally created by Tuesday’s Child for Channel 4 in the UK, Lego Masters will feature Lego enthusiasts – consisting of 12 teams of two – in head-to-head brick-building competition to be crowned the country’s most talented amateur Lego builders.
Each episode of the series will see competitors attempting to impress the judges and progress to the next round. Three teams will ultimately reach the finale where they will face off against one another for the Lego trophy and the grand title of Lego Masters. An exact premiere date has yet to be set.
“Lego Masters has everything you want in a reality-competition: an incredibly quirky and unique twist on a brand revered by billions of people, exciting team-based battles driven by creativity, and a premise that’s ultra-family friendly,” said Rob Wade, president of alternative entertainment and specials for Fox Entertainment, in a statement. “It’s bold, fun and unlike anything else on television, and we’re thrilled to bring Lego Masters to American fans.”
Lego Masters first launched in the UK via British pubcaster Channel 4 in 2017. The series ranked as the network’s highest-rated new series, nearly doubling its primetime average with young adults. The series has since been renewed by C4. The format has also expanded its footprint globally with Endemol Shine Australia producing a local adaptation for Nine, and Endemol Shine Germany producing the series for RTL.
Endemol Shine North America’s Sharon Levy, DJ Nurre and Michael Heyerman will executive produce the competition format alongside Tuesday’s Child’s Karen Smith and Steph Harris. Jill Wilfert and Robert May exec produce for The Lego Group.
The U.S. format rights were acquired by Fox Entertainment.
(Pictured: Channel 4′s Lego Masters)This morning the House Financial Services Committee is holding a hearing that will evaluate how Federal Reserve policies are adversely affecting households, small businesses, savers, and retirees, and consider policy opportunities that the Federal Reserve could implement to improve economic opportunities for all.
The panel will include the following witnesses:
Dr. Norbert Michel, Senior Research Fellow, The Heritage Foundation
This post was published at Zero Hedge on Jun 28, 2017.
Recent CommentsBrooke
New Music: Eades // Same Guy
Updated: May 27, 2020
Leeds based ‘Eades’, a quintet collaborative project, have dropped their new release ‘Same Guy’. This is the perfect track for that bedroom groove and head bounce we all need in isolation. Eades display the beauty of collaboration with this track by fusing together the best of Indie-Rock and Psychedelic influences over the easy going Lo-Fi vocal. ‘Same Guy’ is the ultimate mood-lifter, amalgamating in a hook that is entirely addictive.
Opening with a charismatic guitar riff oozing a refreshing Funk sound, looping and streamlining the song, you cannot help but escape into its easy stride and instant pumped up tempo. The layering effect of the steady drumbeat, with the natural rhythm of the bongos and groove of the bass, Eades display a flair for tight and tasteful sounding instrumentals. Lead vocalist, Harry Jordan, narrates with a smooth semi-spoken and inviting part, effortlessly balancing a Lo-Fi and Dance-Funk combination. The opening verse and chorus prepare the foundation for an acceleration of groove nearing the end where drums burst and snare along with guitar melodies that intensify a lasting chant on vocal.
Conceptually grounded, the lyrics express a thoughtful reflection on the inevitability of getting older and the acceptance of our imperfections. This coming-of-age tune gazes into existential realisations and expresses these ideas with an uplifting and unifying clarity.
Together, this quintet has created a feel-good track that will last even when the sun goes down. With their EP approaching soon over the horizon, Eades have for sure set the vibe right with this track!
Eades
Facebook - @eadesmusic
Instagram - @eades_music
Twitter - @EadesMusic
Dusty Studio Productions
Instagram -
Twitter -
Spotify -
Written by: BrookeGrace's Guide is the leading source of historical information on industry and manufacturing in Britain. This web publication contains 148,337 pages of information and 233,846 images on early companies, their products and the people who designed and built them.
Coppersmith, tinner and brazier, of Sheffield.
Patented Chimney Tops.
1934 George Cooper and Sons of Effingham Nut and Bolt Works, Sheffield, were owned by Thomas W. Ward
1963 Part of Ward Group, makers of nuts and bolts.Quick Facts!
This page is created to provide a quick access page to get to the technical details quick about the sport.
Webbing: Bring 1" width, earth-tone colors (black, tan, brown), and 30-ft a person.
Overhand Knot: the "building block" of other knots. Simple to tie.
Figure 8 Knot:
Cove Hitch/Triple Clove Hitch:
EDK: quick way to join two ropes together (to retrieve)
Double-Fisherman:
Prusik:
Munter Hitch:
Girth Hitch:
Gear the community uses:Help Stop Hate-Report It!
It is important for members of our university community to report all acts of intolerance no matter how insignificant one might perceive an incident to be. Incidents such as name calling or graffiti can escalate into more serious incidents and perpetrators may feel comfortable continuing their behavior fostering a campus climate where bias and prejudice is tolerated.
Here are ways to report acts of intolerance: (1) if injured or if there is concern of immediate danger, call 911 or 9-911 from a campus phone; (2) send an e-mail to tolerance@illinois.edu; (3) submit an anonymous report online; or (4)contact the Office of the Dean of Students 24 hours a day, 7 days a week at (217) 333-0050.
Help do your part in helping to stop hate.Off-The-Shelf Courseware Pricing
An Affordable Solution to Your Learning Needs.
.png)
How Much Does Off-The-Shelf Courseware Cost?
Looking for a quick, affordable way to deliver essential training topics?
Off-the-shelf courseware is the answer.
Building your own eLearning course can easily take up to 80 hours of development time—for just ONE interactive course. Save your team the cost of all those development hours and choose an off-the-shelf library that fits your training needs and is ready for immediate deployment.
Plus, many off-the-shelf courseware providers continuously curate and update their course catalogs, so you know you’re always getting the latest content without having to make any edits yourself or buy new courses.
Typical Off-The-Shelf Course Pricing
Off-the-shelf courses are generally offered in comprehensive catalogs covering broad topics like soft skills or professional development. You might also see them referred to as “libraries” or “curriculum.”
Pricing for pre-built training is generally done on an annual per-learner basis, with volume discounts. You may be able to save even more by bundling multiple course libraries or seeing what content is available with your learning management system.
Catalyst Resource Group, Inc. CATA
It’s has been a little while since we fished around for bargain stocks, so we decided to go on a bottom-play hunt this morning. So far, our search has yielded a potential play that fits the bill. CATA is trending up from its 52wk. low of .0015, having already begun to bounce.
We want to monitor the situation with CATA going forward, as it seems the stock has just recently awakened, perhaps due largely in part to a recent agreement announced by the company earlier this month, as outlined in the following PR:
LOS ANGELES, CA and VIENTIANE, LAOS, Mar 04, 2012 (MARKETWIRE via COMTEX) —.’s ownership in a 68-km2 gold concession known as the San 8 and San 60 areas of the Somsanouk Village, Sanakham District, Vientiane Province, Lao People’s Democratic Republic, in exchange for cash and monetary commitments to further explore and develop this project in the near future.
Exploratory activities on these concession areas previously carried out by Newmont (), BRGM () and more recently by Kingsgate Consolidated Ltd. () in 2011 have shown potential minable gold vein deposits aggregating several hundred thousand ounces. There also would be the possibility of finding up to one million or more ounces of minable gold and large bulk of base metal deposits. At today’s gold price, the total estimated value of these concession areas could range approximately from $US510 million to $US1.7 billion.
The closing of this transaction is scheduled to occur on April 16, 2012 but no later than May 30, 2012. The Company plans to carry out additional mapping, trenching, sampling and follow-up geophysics to define drill targets and then drilling of these targets in collaboration with a select regional mining contractor or a joint-operation partner.alt="NRO_tree" width="431" height="713" data-src="" data- data-sizes="(max-width: 431px) 100vw, 431px" data-swift-image-lazyload="true" data-style="" style="height:713px" data-l>
A tall, quick growing tree, to 100 feet, with a straight trunk and rounded crown. Conical when young, rounded at maturity. One of the more important lumber trees in the eastern U.S. Commercially valuable as furniture, general construction, mineprops and railroad ties. Grows more rapidly than other northern oaks. The acorns provide food for mammals and birds. Known as a desirable tree for planting along streets or real estate. A member of the Red Oak group; part of the Beech Family.
alt="NRO_leaf" width="278" height="402" data-src="" data- data-sizes="(max-width: 278px) 100vw, 278px" data-swift-image-lazyload="true" data-style="" style="height:402px" data-l>
Oblong to 8” with 7-11 sharply pointed and bristle tipped lobes. Shallow V shaped sinuses extend less than halfway to the midrib. Lobes are wider at the base.
alt="NRO_bark" width="281" height="390" data-src="" data- data-sizes="(max-width: 281px) 100vw, 281px" data-swift-image-lazyload="true" data-style="" style="height:390px" data-l>
Long vertical strips of smooth gray bark sit adjacent to sections of darker brown, rougher bark. Cracks revealing darker reddish inner bark, like ski trails.
alt="NRO_twig" width="206" height="613" data-src="" data- data-sizes="(max-width: 206px) 100vw, 206px" data-swift-image-lazyload="true" data-style="" style="height:613px" data-l>
Thick, red brown and smooth with large end buds that are red-brown,cone shaped, and in clusters.
alt="NRO_nut" width="257" height="339" data-src="" data- data-sizes="(max-width: 257px) 100vw, 257px" data-swift-image-lazyload="true" data-style="" style="height:339px" data-l>
A nearly round acorn, ¾-1” covered a quarter or less by the cap, like a beret. Acorns mature in two seasons.
alt="NRO_catkin" width="257" height="341" data-src="" data- data-sizes="(max-width: 257px) 100vw, 257px" data-swift-image-lazyload="true" data-style="" style="height:341px" data-l>
Species is unisexual – males are yellow-green in 2-4”catkins; females appear on short spikes. Appearing with leaves in the spring.The URL can be used to link to this page
Your browser does not support the video tag.
IGA; Boulder County, City of Longmont; Boulder County Regional Housing Partnership; Exp 8/16/2020
8/6/2018 Contract Tracking>Thank You O RCE OETHE CI1yg77ORNEY to. AUG 10 2018 STANDARD Contract Routing Cover Sheet Please print and attach to your document You can view the status of your contract using the Contract Tracking Status Page. Routing Number 20180806-4476 Originating Dept Housing Contact Person Kristin Hyser Phone Number 13034414187 Project Manager/ Contract Kristin Hyser E-mail hyserk@bouldercolorado.gov Administrator Counter Parties Boulder County, City of Longmont Contract Title/ Type Intergovernmental Agreement Number Description The Intergovernmental Agreement defines the structure of the Boulder County Regional Housing Partnership, oversees the implementation of the Partnership Strategy, and govern the finandar and in-kind contributions from the Parties (City of Boulder, City of Longmont, Boulder County). Special Instructions Signature pages from each of the parties are concurrently being signed. Following the City Manager's signature, please return to Housing. Upon receipt of all signature pages, the document will be routed to Central Records for recording. Amount J$45,000 Expense Type INCOMING Dept. Head Signature NOTE; Originating Depa menta Idntify with a check mark all areas document needs to be routed. • Purchasing • Budget • Sales Tax 111 C • CAO VW t<'• City Manager �• Central Records o r— hJ C; n`. Contract Tracking Home I Signature Routing Form I Track Contract Status I Update Contract Status `- 4� 7M INTERGOVERNMENTAL AGREEMENT ESTABLISHING THE STRUCTURE AND FINANCIAL GOVERNANCE OF THE BOULDER COUNTY REGIONAL HOUSING PARTNERSHIP This Intergovernmental Agreement ("Agreement') made and entered into this �(B�' day of 2018,by and between Boulder County,Colorado, a body corporate and politic,the City'617 Boulder, a Colorado home rule city, and the City of Longmont, a Colorado municipal corporation (the"Parties"). WHEREAS, the Parties are authorized to enter into Intergovernmental Agreements pursuant to C.R.S. § 29-1-203; and WHEREAS, Boulder County is in a housing crisis with home prices and rents that are unaffordable to a large and growing segment of the current population; and WHEREAS,access to safe,decent affordable housing is of tremendous importance to the Parties and the communities they represent; and WHEREAS,the social,economic and environmental well-being of the region is enhanced when safe, stable and attainable housing is available; and WHEREAS,the affordable housing challenge is regional and is shared by each jurisdiction; and WHEREAS, regional cooperation and action is needed to support equitable solutions to the challenge of producing an adequate amount of affordable housing and distributing it across the county; and WHEREAS, Boulder County communities and residents are committed to and have already made strong investments in affordable housing;and WHEREAS, Boulder County communities have committed to forming the Boulder County Regional Housing Partnership to create and dedicate the needed resources and implement tools and policies to aggressively address the housing needs of the community; and WHEREAS,the Parties desire to enter into an agreement to support the Boulder County Regional Housing Partnership to address the affordable housing needs and to expand access to diverse housing options within Boulder County; and WHEREAS,the interests of the public are best served by the Parties entering into such an agreement for the purpose of furthering the goals of the Boulder County Regional Housing Partnership. NOW,THEREFORE, Boulder County,the City of Boulder,and the City of Longmont agree as follows: 1. Purpose The purpose of this Intergovernmental Agreement is to define the structure of the Boulder County Regional Housing Partnership("Regional Housing Partnership"or"Partnership"),oversee the implementation of the Partnership Strategy,and govern the financial and in-kind contributions from the Parties in support of the Regional Housing Partnership. 2. Effective Date This Agreement shall be effective as of the date this Agreement is fully executed by all Parties. This Agreement shall continue for a term of two years, from the date of execution,unless any of the Parties elect to terminate its obligations per the provisions in Paragraph 8.This Agreement shall automatically renew for two additional, two-year terms unless any of the Parties elect to terminate its obligations per the provisions of Paragraph 8. 3. Governance of the Boulder County Regional Housing Partnership The Regional Housing Partnership will be governed by a Steering Committee.This Steering Committee will outline and publish regional housing strategy goals to address the regional housing needs (the"Strategy")and will be responsible for achieving the goals of the Strategy. The Steering Committee is responsible for ensuring the Strategy,the Strategy's implementation,and the Regional Housing Partnership's outcomes align with the housing needs of the region. The Steering Committee may create sub-committees, interest groups,operations teams,and any other sub-group that it determines will be necessary to achieve the goals of the Strategy.An example of a structure the Steering Committee may create, along with a potential description of the purpose,time commitment,members,and scope of these bodies is detailed in the Governance Charter(Attachment A). However,this Governance Charter is subject to change at the Steering Committee's discretion. A. The Steering Committee shall consist of the Director of the Boulder County Department of Housing and Human Services, the City of Boulder Deputy Director of the Division of Housing and the City of Longmont Housing and Community Investment Division Manager. The Steering Committee shall meet monthly or as needed, and at least once annually to review the Parties' commitments under this Agreement. B.. C. As currently envisioned,the Operations Team shall manage, coordinate and implement the work of the Regional Housing Partnership to achieve the desired goals of the Partnership and its Strategy.The Operations Team shall include participation of designated staff including the in- kind Manager provided by the City of Boulder,a Communications Lead,a Data and Analytics Lead,and a hired Coordinator. Membership on the Operations Team is in the discretion of the Steering Committee; other members may be added by the Steering Committee(or removed from it) to provide the Operations Team with the expertise to further the goals of the Partnership. D. Other local government entities participating in the Regional Housing Partnership are eligible to join this Agreement if and when such jurisdictions commit financial and/or in-kind resources to the Partnership and upon approval of the original three Parties by an amendment to this Agreement in accordance with paragraph 9. Approval by the Parties will be arrived at through consensus. If the Parties cannot come to a consensus,the Parties may decide to vote.To ensure equal representation,each Party member has one vote of equal weight. Upon taking a vote,the Parties will be bound by the majority decision. 4. Funding to Support the Boulder County Regional Housing Partnership In order to further the goals of the Regional Housing Partnership, funding is necessary to support certain staffing and programming expenses. It is imperative that the funding be sufficient to provide for the human and material resources needed to meet the intentions of the Partnership. Initial staffing will be one half-time Manager and one half-time Coordinator. Boulder County will contribute to the personnel and operating expenses of the Partnership in the amount of$45,000 per year for each year this Agreement remains in effect.The County will provide the funds to the City of Boulder annually in a lump sum payment to be held by the City of Boulder The City of Boulder will contribute in-kind services through its dedication of the equivalent of 50%of a full-time employee(the"Partnership Manager"), including payment of salary and benefits for each year this Agreement remains in effect. The Boulder County HOME Consortium members(City of Boulder, Boulder County, City of Longmont) have agreed to contribute administrative funding available through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development HOME program(generally around$80,000 annually)to support the efforts of the Regional Housing Partnership for each year this Agreement remains in effect. The Partnership Manager has the authority to expend funds to support the work of the Partnership in an amount up to $10,000 per transaction. Expenditures exceeding$10,000 require authorization by the Steering Committee. It is imperative that each Party meets its specified obligations in order to achieve the goals of the Partnership. Should a jurisdiction's funding fall short in its obligation,the Steering Committee will attempt to resolve the issue to ensure the Partnership's needs are met. A Party that does not meet its funding obligations may be removed from the Partnership by the other Parties. 5. Liability Parties under the Colorado Governmental Immunity Act, C.R.S. §24-10-101,et seq.,as amended. 6. Insurance Requirements At all times during the term of this Agreement,each Party shall maintain such insurance, by commercial policy or self-insurance,as is necessary to meet its obligations hereunder. 7. Relationship of Parties The Parties enter into this Agreement as separate,independent governmental entities and shall maintain such status throughout. Employees working on Regional Housing Partnership business shall be considered and shall remain employees of their respective agencies at all times and for all purposes under this Agreement. 8. Miscellaneous Provisions Nothing herein shall constitute a multiple fiscal year obligation pursuant to Colorado Constitution Article X, Section 20. All direct and indirect financial obligations of a Party under this Agreement are subject to annual appropriation of the funds necessary to meet such obligations. A. Any Party may terminate its obligation under and participation in this Agreement at any time, with or without cause,and without penalty, by giving the other Parties to the Agreement 30 days' prior written notice of its intent to terminate. B. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create a partnership,joint venture or employment relationship between the Parties. 9. Amendments This Agreement may be altered,amended, or repealed only on the mutual Agreement of the Parties by a duly executed written instrument.The City Manager or designee of each party may approve and execute amendments, including amendments adding new parties to this Agreement, as long as the amendment does not substantially increase the funding or other obligations of the Party. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement on the date first written above. DowSign Envelope IDFSSC182E-5BA04D00-ASOD-FF369ESAASDF BOL11,PE&COUNTY cu gn. E ""'% Qat#.t" BBFOWB122B11E0. Cindy Domenico,Chair Board of County Commissioners DocuSIgwd*.. ATTEST' A9016B12BSED/6B... Clerk to the Board 10/18/2018 CITY OF BOULDER, a Colorado home rule City �.kxe _ Jane Brautigam, City Niefiager ATTEST: L curette eck,dity Clerk APPROVED AS TO FORM: Date: City Attorney's Office CITY OF LONGMONT Executed this `R day of 7 L 2018. CITY OF LONGMONT: f MAYO APPROVED AS TO FORM: rl)�T?7 '7//(/ ) DEPUTY ORNEY DATE PROOFREAD DATE APPROVED AS TO FORM AND SUBSTANCE: -4 ORIGINAT DEPARTMENT DATE CA File: 10645 State of Colorado ) as. County of Boulder ) I attest that the foregoing instrument was ackngwled ed i.efore me this a� day of �l,au 2018 bylbn fl r\,A as the Mayor of the City of Longmont. 1 y Witness my hand and official seal. VALERIA L SKITT Notary Public Stets of Coloretlo CITY CLERIC M Commlaelon Ex res 08.04.2020 Notary Public, State of Colorado My commission expires: ab0zU The p Boulder County Regional Housing B Partnership ATTACHMENT A Governance Charter The Boulder County Regional Housing Partnership (Regional Housing Partnership or Partnership) is responsible for achieving the goals of the Regional Housing Strategy(Strategy), including ensuring the alignment of the strategic direction, implementation and outcomes with the housing needs of the region. Mission: Expanding access to diverse and affordable housing for our community. Structure Committee Parties to the IGA Ho.,,ng P""Partnership . . Champions OperationsL Elected Officials Advocates, Lk Development Partners, 'A"'A General Public Partnership Manager,Coordinator, Data&Analytics jP Advisory 44, Committee Jurisdictional Members+PHAs and Alternate nance • Policy a- - • • Regulatory Regional Housing Partnership Steering Committee Purpose: Outline and publish regional housing strategy goals to address the regional housing needs(the "Strategy")and ensure the Strategy, the Strategy's implementation, and the Partnership's outcomes align with the housing needs of the region.The Steering Committee will govern the Partnership,be the ultimate authority to make Partnership decisions,and ensure the efficiency and effectiveness of the Partnership. Time Commitment: Standing Monthly Meeting(2 hour)+Ad Hoc meetings Who: • Primary Members: One representative from each of the Parties to the Intergovernmental Agreement establishing the Structure and Financial Governance of the Boulder County Regional Housing Partnership(the"Housing Partnership IGA")as follows: Director of the Boulder County Department of Housing and Human Services,the City of Boulder Deputy Director of the Division of Housing and the City of Longmont Housing and Community Investment Division Manager. • Alternates: Each participating jurisdiction will assign one alternate to attend and be authorized to take any necessary action in the absence of the Primary Member • Within 30 days of a new Party joining the Housing Partnership IGA,the new Party must assign one representative and one alternate to participate in the Steering Committee. Decision Making Authority: Approval of all Partnership decisions, unless the Steering Committee has otherwise delegated such a decision to another body of the Partnership. The Steering Committee may make decisions via email as needed. Scope: • Govern the Partnership • Ensure fiscal health of the Partnership • Work in concert with the Operations Team • Respond to and provide guidance to the Operations Team • Each Primary Member shall serve on the Advisory Committee as Lead Representatives of their respective jurisdictions Regional Housing Partnership Advisory Committee Purpose: Provide advice to the Partnership regarding the implementation of the Strategy Time Commitment: Standing Quarterly Meeting(2 hours)+Ad Hoc meetings as necessary Who: • Primary Advisors: One primary advisor from each Boulder County governmental entity desiring to participate in the Advisory Committee and approved to participate in the Advisory Committee by the Steering Committee. The Steering Committee may require any participating governmental entities to adopt a resolution supporting the Strategy prior to participating in the Advisory Committee. • Alternate Advisors: Each jurisdiction will assign one alternate to attend and be authorized to take any necessary action in the absence of the Primary Advisor Members of the Advisory Committee should be high-level leaders possessing knowledge of and policy resource allocation decision-making authority in their jurisdiction. Scope: • Evaluate and recommend goals, priorities and tactics to achieve the mission and Strategy of the Partnership • Primary Advisors will implement Strategy by directing certain action items in their respective jurisdictions • Identify outcome measures and collaborate with the Operations Team to monitor progress and accomplishments • Recommend process improvements to the Steering Committee to boost effectiveness of the Partnership • Help the Partnership communicate a clear shared vision to the community • Promote public awareness and engagement • Provide advice for all contemplated Partnership initiatives • Inform Partnership about relevant local,state and federal policy Note: The Regional Housing Partnership Advisory Committee is not intended to take the place of any individual agency's decision-making bodies or impact any individual agency's decision-making ability. Partnership Subcommittees Purpose: The Steering Committee may create subcommittees for subject matter expertise in a variety of areas as needed.The Steering Committee will determine the members, scope of work, and time commitment of each subcommittee upon its creation. Partnership Champions Purpose: Exercise the political will,advocacy and leadership necessary to meet the goals, mission,and Strategy of the Partnership Time Commitment: As needed Who: • One two elected officials from each Boulder County governmental entity desiring to participate as Partnership Champions and approved to participate as Partnership Champions by the Steering Committee. The Steering Committee may require any participating governmental entities to adopt a resolution supporting the Strategy prior to participating as Partnership Champions. Scope: • Provide Partnership with political acumen and local connections necessary to facilitate efficient implementation of Strategy in each of the Champions' respective jurisdictions. • Keep the community updated on the vision and goals of the Partnership's Strategy • Participate in navigating opposition to the Strategy • Actively participate in furthering measures and initiatives requiring public support Housing Interest Group Purpose: Provide Partnership with key stakeholder perspectives and expertise to inform implementation of the Strategy Time Commitment: As needed Who: • Local leaders(non-elected), agency representatives,housing partners(development, providers, services,etc.),advocates,members of the public,etc.as approved by the Steering Committee Scope: • Review ideas and actions to be implemented through the Partnership to advance the Strategy • Identify opportunities and challenges in each of the member's respective communities to help the Partnership achieve its goals • Provide forum for stakeholders and community members to share expertise and perspective to inform implementation of the Strategy • Participate in furthering measures requiring public support by leading and managing certain ballot issue campaigns • Help engage and educate the public regarding affordable housing Partnership Operations Team(Partnership Manager, Partnership Coordinator,Communications Lead,and Data/Analytics Lead) Purpose: Manage,coordinate,and implement the work of the Partnership to achieve the Strategy of the Partnership; serve as a link between Partnership operation and the various Partnership committees and groups. All team members will stay apprised of local housing needs and opportunities, residential development trends,resources and tools. Regional Housing Partnership Manager(20 hours/week,provided by the City of Boulder} Scope: • Manage Partnership operational direction and governance including preparation of fiscal reports • Provide stewardship of pertinent agreements and documents including Intergovernmental Agreement,Governance Charter, any adopted resolutions,the Strategy,etc. • Lead jurisdictional coordination and communication • Facilitate meetings of Steering Committee, Advisory Committee, Partnership Champions and Housing Interest Group • Facilitate communication between Partnership committees and groups and other key stakeholders • Develop additional resources to support the work of the Partnership Regional Housing Partnership Coordinator(20 hours/week) Scope: • Lead administrative coordination including the scheduling of meetings and events, logistics, preparation of meeting agendas and pertinent materials, supports communications development and distribution,and other duties as assigned • Provide meeting support(e.g. take notes,track action items and provide follow-up) • Facilitate subcommittee meetings including presentation of subcommittee work items to Advisory Committee including summary of activities, needs,recommendations and requests from subcommittees • Assist the Data and Analytics Lead with data collection,analysis, and reporting • Serves as Partnership Manager in the absence of the Manager • Help Partnership Manager develops additional resources to support the work of the Partnership Communications Lead(5- 10 hours/week) Scope: • Develop and implement Partnership communications strategy including print, graphic design, social media,website, marketing,press/media management, and event planning • Prepare,publish,and disseminate communication documents Facilitate updates of Regional Housing Strategy documents to reflect current data,housing needs,trends and outcomes • Manage and updates the Partnership website • Supports additional administrative duties of the Partnership Manager and Coordinator Data and Analytics Lead(5— 10 hours/week) Scope: • Lead Partnership data and analytic-related work items • Ensure high-level data and reporting and analysis informing the Strategy • Guide the identification of data sets,metrics, variables, and collection practices tracking Partnership progress and outcomes • Clean and validate data to ensure accuracy,completeness and uniformity • Create and maintain progress and outcomes including inventory tracking(e.g. dashboards) • Interpret data to discover solutions and opportunities and facilitate data-driven decision makingOnly eight months ago, Pacific Union International launched a highly publicized rebranding, assimilating three formerly independent brokerages under the Pacific Union banner.
“This dream team…will provide the absolute best client experience possible,” Nick Segal, the newly appointed company president, said in a statement on Jan. 3. “And we now all proudly share the same company name, Pacific Union International.”
Less than a year later, Segal’s “dream” has a new company name attached to it — Compass.
In a blockbuster deal that has stunned many agents and executives across both coasts, Compass is acquiring Pacific Union, one of the largest brokerages in the country with $14 billion in sales last year. In Los Angeles, executives and star agents say the tie-up likely won’t drastically impact the market because Compass had yet to prove it could hold sway with established players such as Coldwell Banker and Hilton & Hyland.
“I think a lot of agents are confused about what this is,” said Michael Nourmand, president of boutique brokerage Nourmand & Associates. Sally Forster Jones, a former Pacific Union agent who jumped to Compass in February, said she was “surprised” to hear the news.
Compass entered the L.A. market in 2016 and had grown through local acquisitions to six offices in L.A. County and 13 across California. With its latest purchase, Compass will scoop up 1,700 agents and 54 offices from Pacific Union on the West Coast, including 20 in L.A.
Among the agent haul, Compass will be adding Aaron Kirman Partners and Smith & Berg Partners, two top-producing teams within the Pacific Union family. Kirman’s team has more than 40 agents and recently listed a 157-acre property just outside Beverly Hills for $1 billion.
Jason Oppenheim, founder of West Hollywood-based the Oppenheim Group, said that while the acquisition will “inevitably increase” Compass’ market share and revenue in L.A., it’s unclear how much that will affect the firm’s bottom line. The venture capital-backed company has a reputation of offering favorable splits and marketing dollars to agents, which in turn has created a “race to the bottom” where brokerages make less money per agent than they used to, he said.
“The brokerage model has a much more narrow profit margin because they’ve been so aggressively competing with each other to grow,” Oppenheim said. “Once investors stop focusing on revenue, and start focusing on net profit, it will tell whether this method of expanding is viable.”
San Francisco-based Pacific Union is a relatively new player in L.A. Like Compass, it grew by acquiring three brokerages — Partners Trust, John Aaroe Group and Gibson International — since 2016. Up north, it also owns the Mark Company and Empire Realty Associates.
Brokerage executives shrugged off concerns Wednesday that the tie-up would produce a well-funded competitor, with boutique firms largely welcoming the news as a possible boon to their business.
“As these companies get really large, they become more corporate,” Nourmand said. “There’s not as much touching and feeling. When there was a lot of consolidation in the 1990s, a lot of boutiques grew because of that.”
Compass agents will have to work extra hard to “differentiate themselves,” said Mike Deasy, CEO at Deasy/Penner, a boutique brokerage with four offices.
“When you’re going on a listing meeting, the less companies that are out there, the less competition,” said Josh Flagg, a Rodeo Realty agent.
“For my firm this is a win-win,” echoed Jeff Hyland, co-founder of Hilton & Hyland, which has about 150 agents operating from a single office in Beverly Hills, mostly working on properties listed for $10 million or more. “There is no way that they can have the nimbleness that an independent office has.”
Hyland also noted that Compass, since arriving in L.A., has struggled to lure away top-producing agents beyond Tomer Fridman, a former Sotheby’s International Realty agent, and Jones. The firm finally plucked a Hilton & Hyland manager, Charles Black, in May.
“Star agents don’t want to be in an office of 1,000 people,” Hyland added.Hello
I used to mine Bitcoin some time back 2010, Few days ago I’ve restored the wallet.dat from old computer, the problem is that I do not recall password for wallet.dat the wallet.
I’ve tried all password I usually use with no luck. I have over 100 BTC in the wallet, but willing to sell it for 1 BTC, maybe somebody is lucky and will be able to recover password.
You can check balance my address 1FcMLwz89FAXq9LoibGHBQeStjf9r2iA8W here –
Wish you good luck!
Download wallet file from –
In the event you loved this informative article and you want to receive more details with regards to Encrypted wallet assure visit the page.A bad thing happened in October and I’m not ready to write about it yet, but people who have been paying attention will notice that right about the time that I really went off the deep end. (Well, this time around, anyway.)
I have pared my daily life down to the most basic the most and essential life functions because SURVIVAL. I just need to get by. Do my job. Take care of my kid. Sleep. The other stuff will either wait or it won’t get done or it will get frustrated and scream for attention. As the latter has occurred more than once, I’ve been dolling out quite a few explanations and apologies lately:
“I’m sorry, I’m doing the best I can.”
“It isn’t that I don’t want to do X, I just haven’t had the time/energy/attention span.”
“Give me time. Please. I’ll get better. I’m doing the best I can.”
This Button Poetry video showed up in my Facebook feed. In it, Sabrina Benaim eloquent and powerfully explains to her mother what depression looks and feels like from the inside. Thank you for those stirring words and images, Ms. Benaim. As I’m sure you could tell from the reactions in the audience, you accurately voiced the feelings of many.
From to her explanation of depression as miniscule and managable one day, then as massive and brutalizing as a bear the next, to her characterization of anxiety as an unwelcome party guest — Sabrina brings it home. After watching that video, I felt like giving her a slow clap.
Because, you see, my happiness is also a high fever that will ultimately break. That is what mania is. So when someone says to me, “I just don’t know if I really believe that you actually have bipolar disorder — I’ve never really seen you be manic.” What am I supposed to say? Observe: My illness is not so much roller-coaster as it is pendulum, swinging from side to side, and so we shall go from the light side to the dark, and while you will certainly recognize the dark days for what they truly are, you will mistake the light days for health and wellness because you don’t see that I am actually sailing into the Sun. Proof? Really, you need evidence? Ok, here you go, flip through these snapshots of me over the past ten years — I like to call it the “Watch Sarah Gain and Lose and Gain 100 Pounds” Show.
If I’m not proving I’m sick, I’m defending my right to self-care: “You know, I feel like our relationship has been really one-sided lately.” You’re right. It has. Because even though I love you and I care about you as a person, right now my head is one big snarly black mess of fluff and lint, and I can’t seem to keep arbitrary things like dates, appointments, or birthdays straight. I love you, but I don’t want to go out –because I don’t want to have fun when having fun just isn’t fun anymore. I just want to sleep and make sure that there is enough energy left in my reserves to properly take care of my child because if anyone is going to be short-changed it sure as shit isn’t going to be her. It might have to be you. I’m sorry. I love you. I am doing my best. Can you hang on until it gets better? If you can’t that’s okay! Here: have an out: You can hang on until it gets better or you can plead self-preservation in your own right and leave for a while. I won’t be upset. I wouldn’t blame you. You wouldn’t be the first.
I feel like explaining my depression is something like what my non-heteronormative friends tell me about coming out: it isn’t a one-time traumatic release. “Oh thank God, I got that off my chest!” Nope! It’s over, and over, and over, and over. And each time, depending on who I’m “coming out” to, a host of new fears come to the party: will this effect my job? My reputation? Will I lose her as a friend, a colleague? Have I said too much? Is she still going to like me, respect me, want to be around me? Have I frightened her? Overwhelmed her? Will she now turn tail and run?
After a certain point, this whole blog became a calculated risk — people that I know in REAL LIFE read this and will now know me differently! Even if they never bring it up, they have seen behind the mask. My entire adult life I have heard comments like, “You have anxiety? Well, I never would have guessed!” or “You carry yourself with such poise. I had no idea you suffered from depression the way you do.” I am letting that go up in smoke, because I’m willfully telling you: Yes, I am a mess. Yes, I have these disorders. No more compartmentalization and no more hiding. Even if I didn’t know it at the time of inception, that was the mission behind starting the Real Sarah C Project.
But here’s the thing — I fooled you.
For a little while, at least, I fooled you, and now perhaps you will sit back and wonder how many other people in your life are functioning with some form of mental illness — 1 in 5 adults, according to this study — so chances are you know someone. You might even be that someone. And when you consider the masses of individuals coming out and embracing their own non-nueronormativity and fighting to dismantle the systemic stigmatization surrounding mental illness and other disorders, it is plain to see: we are just not as isolated, as powerless, or as dysfunctional as our faulty wiring would have us believe. Perhaps some days, it’s all we can do just to function and to survive, but every so often, we’ll shine.Summer is heating up and all we want to do is lounge in our swimwear all day and spend the balmy nights entertaining on the deck. Take advantage of the warmer weather this festive season: indulge in a feast with friends and family and raise a glass to celebrate the year that was. This picture-perfect moment is marred only by a question that stops most people in their tracks: which wine do you buy?
Suddenly your mind is filled with panic as you picture yourself wandering up and down the aisles staring at endless rows of bottles, each with fancy or not so fancy labels. Is the 2009 Pinot Noir better than that 2010 Shiraz? What year was best for Sauv Blanc? And do you have red or white wine alongside the Christmas turkey?
If you’ve ever been stuck on what wine to bring to a dinner party, or if you’re usually swayed by the prettiest bottle, you’re not alone. And while you can safely assume that a waiter or waitress at a restaurant might know which wine to pair with your meal, you can’t always trust the local bottle shop attendee to know which varietal will best suit your smoked duck or chargrilled mackerel.
Well, you’re in luck this festive season: we’ve picked the brains of with Sirromet’s Chief Winemaker, Adam Chapman, to find out his favourite wine and food matches for the Christmas season.
Best for... pre-dinner nibbles
'06 Signature Collection Pinot Noir Chardonnay
Welcome your guests with a glass of French Traditionelle Style Sparkling Pinot Noir Chardonnay. It has mouth-filling layers of creamy green apple and wild strawberry, shortbread biscuit and honeysuckle, with a fine persistent bead from extended aging on lees. In layman's terms? It's the perfect match for your paté on rye.
Best for... fresh prawns
'15 Vineyard Selection Verdelho
Visit your local fishery to grab yourself a bucket of sweet prawns and accompany them with a crispy, lean, fresh Verdelho. The acidity of the Verdelho pulls out the sweetness of the prawns and is perfect on a hot summer’s day.
Best for ... Christmas Turkey
’14 Le Sauvage Pinot Noir
What's more Christmassy than a succulent roast turkey straight from the oven? Pretty much nothing, we reckon. Pinot and turkey have always been seen as a great match. The cherry and barnyard notes work well thanks to the savouriness of the turkey and the earthy, meaty, red-fruit prettiness of the Pinot Noir.
Best for... chargrilled mackerel
’12 Signature Collection Chardonnay
Chardonnay and fish are both quite rich and contain a full-bodied creaminess. Chardonnay oak and fruit compounds like fig, cashews, and vanilla match beautifully with the oiliness and richness of the mackerel.
Best for... encrusted lamb cutlets
’13 Signature Collection Shiraz Viognier
Shiraz Viognier of wild blueberries, with slight hints of orange and apricot have a great synergy with the delights of BBQ-smoked lamb cutlet.
Best for... duck
’12 Signature Sparkling Petit Verdot
Roasted crispy-skinned duck, pot glazed, and drizzled with a jus of Sparkling Petit Verdot is rich in flavour compounds, savoury notes, and gaminess.
Best for... Christmas Pudding
'06 Private Collection Sun Wine
It isn’t called dessert in a bottle for nothing; try the Sirromet Sunwine as an accompaniment to your fruity Christmas pudding or simply pour it over as a delicious sauce.
The rich ruby-red Sunwine is a lovely balance of fruit, spirit, acid and sweetness. Enjoy the rich cassis, blackberries and blueberries and forest floor characters with a silky mouth feel.
For more premium wine inspiration visitMany years ago they said:
She’s over-the-top, she’s lost her head
Why not give them the sweets and the cake?
Shame….poor little tots
I heard a rumour …. sweet stuff hidden everywhere
No one was sure
Whispers of ill health and spiked energy
Why risk it I thought?
Eat fruit instead
Do you know what they’ve done now? Those parents over there…
Really… not wanting to use baby-powder!
How silly, how sad, gives baby his smell ..
I heard rumour and whispers of large legal cases…..big companies
No one was sure, so I made the call
Not on my baby, no way no hell
He smells as he should, a touch of Lavender to calm
Rather than causing some unknown harm
She’s at it again, she’s completely insane
Who questions a doctor on prescribed meds?
What heresy …. Who cares if bacterium or virilliam?
You do as you’re told, yes Sir Rilliam!
I cried and I sobbed
Do mother’s not question these sorts of things?
I ask and I question for who else cares?
I love and protect … For I see how they fare.
Rumours and whispers again were afoot
Health resides in the gut
No one was sure
Why risk it I thought?
With the pull of a handle, a flush and a swirl, down the meds went
Good riddance I thought
What? You are kidding…. No injections for this or for that?
What is she thinking? She’s finally lost her mind
All babies must have them!
The rumblings and grumblings grew all around
The risk and the unknown just seem to gain ground
Possible damage to body and brain, so much controversy
Not chancing mine own
Why risk it I thought?
I had chicken pox and gee!.. it was horrid
But passed it sure did
This makes no sense, the list grows by the year
Left arm, right arm, left leg, right leg….
Thanks but we’ll pass
I know how this works for I’ve studied it well
The body is awesome and it will be just fine
They’ve been supported and loved and my how they thrive
What on earth is she thinking they gossiped and said
Do you know her child’s got asthma?
According to who I pondered and questioned? And just no cure?
What test and flow metre? What contextual milieu
There were rumbles and murmurs perhaps impacting the heart
No one was sure, but I will be smart
Why risk it I thought?
I researched instead and found healers and therapies, remedies and wisdom
And one crazy technique of deep breathing! … what magic and mystery
How are such cures unknown!
But how tragic….people should know
And look at him now, alive and aglow
They said: How cruel for those dear little kids,
She said no telly during the week?
Poor little mites always playing outside
There were rumours afoot
The telly may just turn
your child’s brain into jelly
No screens here thank you
Why risk it I thought?
Get out…. Go and play. Get dirty and tired, I’ll call you for supper
And then collapse into bed, fulfilled and relaxed not wired and hyper
Completely neurotic she has to be!
Now toothpaste indeed!
Oh please it impacts the brain
She really is completely insane
There were rumours and mumblings
No one was sure
Why risk it I thought?
No sticky junk for your teeth and natural scrubs are fine
And look at you now all pearly and white,
And I see you think clearly, well what a good sign
What? Can you believe it?
No… not allowed cereal and fizzy drinks?
She’s nuts I tell you, maybe she just overthinks
Rumours of risk to body and mind
Rely on good food to balance the mood
Why risk it I thought?
Be cruel to be kind
Eggs my loves? Or avo on toast?
Good choices my lovelies, you’ll be healthier than most
Poor child, they said, 16 and still
To bed she says, it’s bedtime at 9
Some rumbles and whispers of poor mental health
That sleep, oh magic sleep heals perfectly fine
Why risk it I thought?
Bed my darlings, grab a book on your way
I promise you good brains for all of your days
You cook every night? Oh what a hack!
Let down your hair and grab a take-out!
You just can’t compare….
But spices and herbs and fresh wholesome ware
Stirred with blessings and love
The whispers were there, throughout all the ages
Good food, good life
Why risk it I thought? The junk and for speed
Convenience not worth it when visited by dis-ease
I’ll prep and I’ll plan and I’ll cook and I’ll bake
For in these gestures they know they are loved
And sometimes my feet ache, it’s a blessing, gran said
Along with the lessons of fresh air and the sun
When you feel a bit down or in pain from the cramps
Get up and go out, no tablets required
Insanity they say! No injection at this time?
The world is in crisis
But everyone has to, she just thinks too much
Why she always has to make such a fuss
The rumbles and moans begin to take hold
And I recall all the wisdom that I’ve been told
These toxins and new things
No thanks and no way
Take care of yourselves and blessings to you
I will care for myself and my loved ones too
They can whisper and rumour – how crazy, how nuts
So grateful for clear thinking
And I mix and blend my potions and lotions
And dig in the soil for fresh produce
I use products gentle for this beautiful earth
I feed the soil and her worms scraps from the hearth
Crazy they say
Really? And you?
Surely this is a nasty floo
Why risk it I thought?
No toxins and floxins
No fluoride or junk
No chemicals for me
With effects we can’t see
No weird particles that no-one knows
No gels and no jabs
I just don’t trust the labs
Why risk it I thought?
I’ll keep shiny eyes and glossy teeth
Strong hands and dirty feet
Clear skin and clear mind
Strong bones and firm thoughts
Blessed sunshine for health
And grass for soles and toes
Fresh veg and real food
Full heart and connected soul
For this makes me whole
Compassion for others
Love for humanity
Even those who doubt my sanity
No fear welcome here
Only the right to be me
My choice for a life healthy and free
For all that I love, my life and my loves
Why risk it I thought?
Musings by Dominique GarnettAdvanced Search
Policy & Funding | News
Killing the only federal program that specifically provides funding for education technology will undermine reform and innovation efforts in America's schools. That's according to four major education advocacy groups that issued a joint statement Tuesday denouncing proposed cuts to the Enhancing Education Through Technology (EETT) program.
Federal Funding for Ed Tech
EETT (Title II Part D of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, or ESEA) is the sole source of dedicated federal funding supporting education technologies. It's designed to support state, district, and school efforts to "integrate technology effectively into [the] classroom with the goal of improving student academic achievement."
In past years, under the Bush administration, EETT had been the occasional target of proposed budget cuts. And, like the Bush administration, the Obama administration has proposed zero-funding or eliminating EETT as well--twice so far for President Obama, in 2011 and now in 2012. (For its part, the Obama administration has argued that technology is implicit within the larger education programs that are receiving funding, though there is no language within the administration's budget proposal itself specifying funding for technology.)
Up to the present, Congress has never allowed EETT to be eliminated entirely. There's always been some amount of funding specifically for ed tech every year since the No Child Left Behind Act was signed into law in a decade ago, creating he EETT program. (NCLB had been a bipartisan program proposed by President George W. Bush and championed in Congress by Sen. Edward Kennedy.)
'On the Verge' of Losing EETT
But with the 2012 budget, Congress itself looks, for the first time, to be on the verge of eliminating EETT.
That's not sitting well with education technology advocates.
Four of the major ed tech groups--the Consortium for School Networking (CoSN), the State Educational Technology Directors Association (SETDA), the International Society for Technology in Education (ISTE), and the Software & Information Industry Association (SIIA)--issued a statement today saying that eliminating EETT will have a crippling effect on reform efforts.
"We are deeply disappointed that despite many members' understanding of the vital role technology plays in K-12 education in their states and districts, Congress is on the verge of eliminating funding for this critical program," the statement read. ."
The groups also pointed to the irony of President Obama's visit today to TechBoston Academy, a public secondary school focused on a college prep curriculum fueled by technology. (The academy was founded with support from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in 2002.) The President and Arne Duncan, secretary of education, are visiting the school to "celebrate the achievements of TBA’s students and faculty in offering a technology-rich, college preparatory curriculum, and maximizing student engagement," as the school itself described the visit.
"Today, as President Obama speaks at TechBoston Academy to tout the need for more technology-related innovation in education, there is an effort under way to defund the EETT program," the ed tech groups argued. They emphasized: "EETT is the only existing authorized education program designed to leverage innovation and technology to get our economy back on track and adequately prepare all of the nation's children for the competitive 21st century globalMeet Dr. Kris Huber
“An injury brought me to chiropractic.”
As a high school football player, Dr. Kris Huber found himself sidelined by an injury. Medical doctors repeatedly told him nothing was wrong, and advised him to rely on drugs for the pain. He visited a chiropractor and, after his very first adjustment, was feeling better.
“It became very apparent to me that there was something else out there to help people,”
Making Chiropractic a Career
“I went to college not really knowing what I wanted to do,” Dr. Kris recalls. “I loved the sciences, but wasn’t sure how I wanted to turn that into a career.”
He enrolled at Northwestern College of Chiropractic, now Northwestern Health Sciences University, in Bloomington. While studying at Northwestern, Dr. Kris enrolled in four years of elective acupuncture coursework, he became certified to perform acupuncture. This offers patients at Amesbarry Chiropractic additional healing benefits.
I received an excellent education at Northwestern. I am able to read all my own imaging and interpret the findings, which means I can get the results to my patients more quickly.
In the end, the thing Dr. Kris most enjoys about his work is interacting with you, his patients. “Working with people, being able to help them, that’s what I find most appealing.”
CHIROPRACTIC CARE »
Family Man
Dr. Kris and his wife have four children. They enjoy kayaking, canoeing, biking and cross country skiiing. The Hubers are active members of the Church of St. Dominic in Northfield.
We invite you to learn more about the practice by browsing our site. Then call us or text us at (952) 894-9888 with any questions or to schedule your first appointment.
Para I able start achieving my dream of working in promoting Colombia to the world and show how incredible this country is, but – partially because of that – many unbelievable things keep happening to me and I have run into some of the most wonderful people I have ever met. One of them is now my husband, and today , a year after his amazing wedding proposal, I want to share with you the story of two travelers that were meant to meet each other and tell you about one of the most amazing experiences of my life: the day I got engaged!
Having travelled and lived abroad for so long, I reached a point where although I didn’t want to stop travelling, I did think a lot about love and kids and settling down “somewhere” or maybe just find “someone” that enjoyed travelling as much as I do and, “somehow” we would find the way to “settle down” and keep on travelling…. was that too much to ask for??
In early 2009 I organized, as part of my former job, a seminar about the famous “`law of attraction”` conducted by Tatiana Arias a beautiful soul and a very good Colombiana friend. One of the exercises during the seminar was to write a declaration on a specific area of our lives on a piece of paper; I decided to write about the perfect partner for me. So, I wrote on a little red post-it that I wanted a man that loved travelling and kids and settling down “somewhere” and I described him exactly as I wanted…. after all I could write anything I wanted on that paper … so I didn’t restrain myself !
About a month later, I got a Facebook friend request from the most gorgeous man ever J. I saw his pic and thought he was very good looking but also thought “ Mmm … he is Peruvian and lives in Argentina”, so I decided not to get too excited, as I didn’t know many successful long distance relationships. Anyway, I decided to write back because we share a friend to whom I’m very grateful to, and asked him if we ever met through Bruno whilst I was traveling in Peru.
His answer was one of the funniest things I had ever read until that point in my life. No, we had never met “in person”, but he said he saw my picture and just felt he had to get in touch with me, something he had never ever done before (contacting someone on the internet, out of the blue) . So I accepted him as a Facebook friend and we started writing Facebook messages almost every day. I was so happy to have accepted him… It looked as if we shared so many things in life … and guess what? Yes, we shared a passion for Traveling!!!
He had been all over the world, he had even also lived in England for a while (like me) and slowly, we discovered that we had actually been in a number of countries at the same time, that we even had common friends but for some reason we had never met. But more important: travelling was really his passion (so much that –back then – he co-owned one of the biggest Latin American Incoming tour operators). We kept on chatting and writing emails, and while chatting one day after a little more than a month, he wrote saying that he felt something very special was going between us and that he thought we were already “grown up” enough to admit it, also he told me that, if I agreed, he wanted to go to Colombia and meet me there… I almost fainted and thought, am I really a grown up?
He finally made it to Colombia about a month later. From that very moment my life changed completely, 4 days from there we decided that we would be together and that we would have to get our things organized so that we would spend that Christmas and the rest of them together. And so we did, and now here I’m writing from our apartment in Bogota about the best wedding proposal ever…. MINE!!! …but lets not jump ahead so quickly..there’s a lot more 🙂
Back in April 2010 we traveled to Peru for 2 months, and it’s only now that I realize how elaborated and well planned his wedding proposal was. Starting in March he told me several times, very subtly, that when in Lima, we were going to attend the June premiere of a short film made by Alex, one of his friends.
So on June 2nd last year, he went to work and by mid day he called me telling that he had an emergency to attend at the printers regarding some brochures for a travel show and that he was going to go back to our hotel late, just in time to take a shower and leave for Alex’s premiere. So during the afternoon I just went shopping and then went back to the hotel to wait for him and rush to the theater were the infamous “premiere” was going to take place… Little I knew that in fact he was at the theatre getting ready the final details for my secret proposal. So he got back around 8 PM and I was a bit worried because we were going to get there very late… we were already about 20 minutes late when we finally headed to the venue.
About one block before getting there I held his hand and noticed he was very nervous, so I asked him why and he said that he was proud of his pupil’s very first short film and just wanted everything to go as planned.
Anyway, we got to this especial little theater in Barranco, Lima’s Bohemian area, called Mocha Grana late …. VERY LATE, so when we got in, all the lights were shut and we HAD to sit right in front. Alex was at the stage rambling about how grateful he was about all of us coming to that very important day of his life, the audience clapped ant the lights went out.
The film began, credits started to appear on the screen and some 30 seconds later JL (my then boyfriend) told me he wanted to go to the toilet. I thought “ Uuuhhmmm??? but we just got here!!!“ So he left and I just sat there looking at the screen and thinking how ashamed I was for being late. Then when the credits finished and I was expecting the film to start ….his voice came from the screen out and started talking to ME!!!
At first I didn’t understand what was going on, I didn’t understand why a camera man, all of the sudden, was filming ME, I was confused because there were pictures of us when we were little on the screen!!!! When I realized what was all this about and while listening to JL saying the most beautiful things and watching the images, I started laughing and then crying and laughing again…. and at the end of the sweetest video I had ever seen, his voice said – as if it was a movie trailer – “ Marcela Mariscal, te casarias conmigo???” and two little boxes, one for “ yes “ and one for “ no”, appeared on the screen.
At that point a spotlight above the stage turned on , and JL appeared at the stage asking me to join him …. but I was glued to my chair!! J. I don’t know how I managed to get up and to the stage, when I did; I turned around and saw about 40 people, all friends and family. They were all clapping and laughing and cheering us…. ohh my goshhh… it was absolutely beautiful. “Thank you all for coming, but this part is personal” he said, so he walked with me right at the very back of the stage, where no one heard, and proposed.
And I, of course, said “Yes”
After all the clapping and cheering, while having sushi and champagne with all our friends and family at the theater’s lobby, we all cried and laughed together… most of the women there punched their husbands for not being as creative as JL and most boyfriends punched him for setting the standards too high!!!
What a magical night it was! And what a magical couple of years for that matter … a little more than two years ago I was dubious about starting a long distance relationship with a traveler like me, now I have learned that when you really want something, you just have to put things in motion, DO things for them to happen. So now, I’m not traveling alone anymore but with the man I want to have by my side forever.
Many other things have happened since, we got married last January in Bogota and JL decided to sell his shares at his former company and take a –well calculated- leap of faith moving from Buenos Aires and to Bogota, and join me in the See Colombia Travel project to promote this (our) country to the world … and most important , in November 2011 we are expecting a little traveler ready to explore the world with us!
Thanks a lot for letting me sharing this with you!
Marcela
PS: Thank you all very much for all your comments and visits, I will publish them later this week. I have received a huge number of visits and comments only a few hours after its publication.
I would like to welcome you, if this is the first time you visit it and let me take this opportunity to kindly ask you to click “Like” in the right column and to visit our main web .travel.
To all our readers abroad, please remember that if you need information about travelling to Colombia or the rest of South America, all you have to do is send me a message, I’ll be more than happy to help you.
PS2: We’d like to thank Alexander Reyes () for helping JL with the animations, editing, video concept and his unlimited and generous friendship , Andrea Lopez for the very cute drawings that were used for the animation part (which by the way you can buy here: ), Christopher Farfan who lent JL his sound studio for the voice over recording () , Sandra Cassinelli for the event organization and Rory Sheldon, the coolest Botswanian ever for being our cameraman that night. Thank you all!
Abrazos!
Marcela
32 thoughts on “A Traveler’s Love Story: The Perfect Marriage Proposal… Mine! :)”
Pingback: The Greatest Hits of the See Colombia Travel Blog | Colombia Travel Blog by Marcela & See Colombia Travel
Claudio on
Muy bueno, ademas que sean uno de Colombia y otro de Perú es mejor aun, ambos países tiene mucho en comun , mismas geografía, misma idiosincrasia, cultura muy semejante.
Yo soy peruano pero amo a Colombia.
Patricia Ochoa-Werschulz on
This is really a wonderful post and story. I realize I’m a few years late to the party but I’m sure glad to have found it. I can relate as well as my husband and I met on MySpace in 2004 (I reached out to him on a whim and because I thought he was cute) and in 2007 we were married. And in late 2011 we welcomed our son into the world. I hope you guys are having a beautiful life in Bogota. I’ll be sure to contact you both for tips on traveling in the interior. My family is from Bquilla (yet i was born and raised in the US) and well, I have traveled the coast pretty extensively since I was 15. It’s been my dream to see more of mi patria and I hope to do it soon with my boys. Hope you are all well!
catalina on
What a lovely story!
And what a couple!
I wish you a lifetime of happiness, and I guess you’re already having it!
This is such an inspiring and perfect story of love.
Thanks for sharing it.
JL on
Thank You very very much for your beautiful words, Catalina.
JL on
Muchas Gracias Alejandra! Excelente la aplicacion, nos gustaria poder entrevistarlos, es una historia que vale la pena contar! Un Abrazo JL
Alejandra on
Hola Chicos, hermosa historia, la idea del trailer fue buenísima también. Les deseo grandes felicidades y muchos recorridos juntos.LLoré toda la mitad del video 😉
Les comparto también nuestra historia.
En nuestro caso, por una historia de amor, nace un proyecto que ahora tiene 3 años y medio por el cual deseamos incentivar muchas personas a aprender idiomas.
Seguiré leyendolos. Aleja
Alex Marulanda on
Very beautiful story, Can’t wait to find someone and be as lucky as both of you.
Dios te Bendiga
Alex
maria del pilar ariza on
Me encantaria saber mas de Las rutas que tienen yo soy Colombians y vivo en USA. Mi esposo es Americano y me gustaria conocer todos esos sitios con el.
Claudia on
Congrats to you both!! I loved reading your story and I wish you both the very best!! Thank you so much for promoting Colombia so beautifully!! I hope to visit my family again in the next few months and I can’t wait!! Que viva Colombia!!
JL on
Thanks Claudia, thats what we love to do in life! We’re very happy living here in Bogota with our 4 months old baby girl, Maria del Mar 🙂 ….. Un Abrazo!
Pingback: Top 10 Colombia Travel Blog Entries | Colombia Travel Blog by Marcela (and friends)
Pingback: PHOTO ESSAY: 2011 - The Year In Pictures | Colombia Travel Blog by Marcela (and friends)
Coraline on
This is a really touching story here. And what a nice proposal you had!!! I wish you and your husband all the best for the future. And thank you for sharing this special moment with us!
Pingback: Marcela's Friday Q&A: Honeymoon in Colombia | Colombia Travel Blog by Marcela (and friends)
Pingback: Announcing: See Colombia and Footprint Travel Guides Teaming Up! | Colombia Travel Blog by Marcela (and friends)
Pingback: Las más increibles historias de amor en las redes sociales
Natalia on
This video and post almost brought tears to my eyes because I have thought about the same issue many times. Growing up in different countries, what are the odds of finding each other? Amazingly, it happened! Jose Luis and I have been together for 5 yrs already, and many more to come!
Awesome story…. Thanks for sharing!
Paul on
Glad you appreciated it. It can be complicated trying to mix travel and romance but hey, these two prove it can work!
Paul
Pingback: 7 Links Project - Our Top 7 Posts | Colombia Travel Blog by Marcela (and friends)
Britt on
what an amazing story! I hope you guys have many more happy years together! Thanks for sharing 🙂
Pingback: Flower Company » Blog Archive » Hit Marriage Proposal Video Shows Facebook Can Have Romantic Side
Pingback: Is it all about being at the right place at the right moment? « tesstravelling
Isabelle on
I would love to see the video but because of the music in it it is prohibbited to watch this video in my country. =(
I am really happy that it worked out for you and hope for me it will work out some day in the future as well as I am in a distant relationship for almost 2 years now and there are still 1 1/2 years to come because of my studies..
good luck and my best wishes to the two of you
Pingback: Hit Marriage Proposal Video Shows Facebook Can Have Romantic Side – travel blog
Thuli Khoza on
wow, that is so amazing. You are one lucky lady… all the best on your wedding.
jill- Jack and Jill Travel The World on
Soooo happy for you. How romantic! Congratulations, guys and here wishing you a lifetime of happy travels and awesome memories!
Rose on
What a wonderful happy story you have shared with me. Congratulations and Best Wishes for the future. The birth of your first child in November 2011 is a thrilling conclusion to this adventure…
I am sure your promotion of Colombia as a tourist destination will also be sucessful also.
I will in the next few years be visiting my Colombian sister who I grew to know and love whilst she was visiting in my country for two years.. Maybe I will be lucky enough to join with one of the tours you are promoting. Good Luck with all your endeavours.
Stephanie Sadler on
Beautiful story! Thanks for sharing. I enjoyed it 🙂
The Travel Chica on
What a wonderful story! Yours is the first love story I’ve heard of that started with Facebook.
magda on
This WAS a perfect proposal. I loved reading your story. 🙂 Congrats lady!
Pingback: La mejor propuesta de matrimonio , la mia | Colombia Travel Blog by Marcela (and friends)Like me on Facebook
-
Blogroll
Google Translate
Tag Archives: Humble
With a Humble Heart…
Today was Day ONE of The Prom Dress Project 2015. The amazing women of Friends of Aurora Central High School Alumni Association showed up. In grand fashion. With a humble heart, I’m happy to say that we helped prom become … 
Posted in Life Tagged Adoption, Aurora Central, Faith, Humble, Prom 4 CommentsSr. Cell Biologist - BioprocessApply now »
Date: Nov 16, 2021
Location: Kennebunk, ME, US, 04043 Tewksbury, MA, US, 01876
Company: Corning
Requisition Number: 50288.
This person will be working out of the Kennebunk and/or Tewksbury location.
Scope of Position
The Sr. Cell Biologist will conduct cell-based and biochemical experiments to support the Applications Laboratory for Corning Life Sciences. The incumbent will lead cell growth and harvest optimization procedures to support key single use technology in one of the laboratories in Massachusetts or Maine. The Sr. Cell Biologist will actively participate in the development of suspension and adherent cell culture technologies from Corning Life Sciences.
The incumbent will work with team members to establish and execute work plans associated with customer application base projects and division goals. The ideal candidate will also support internal and external training exercises revolving around new products pertinent to Cell & Gene Therapy and Bioprocess initiatives.
Day to Day Responsibilities
- Perform routine mammalian cell culture.
- Responsible for designing, executing experiments, and analyzing experimental results.
- Maintain and document all experimental protocols.
- Conduct experiments to trouble-shoot for deviation investigation.
- Serves as an internal subject matter expert (SME) for bioprocess development.
- Analyze and report data and provide critical review of results.
- Serve as technical consultant to projects both internally and externally.
- Work with marketing to generate protocols, technical documents, and presentations.
- Support new product launch.
Education/ Experiences
- M.S degree in Biological Sciences or related field and 6 years of large-scale cell expansion and harvest experience OR B.S degree in Biological Sciences or related field and 8 years of large scale cell expansion and harvest experience
Required Skills / Abilities
- Ability to design experiments, flow diagrams, and process risk assessments.
- Demonstrated ability to write technical protocols and reports.
- Understanding of bioprocess, control, fluid dynamics, agitation, and mass transfer.
- Knowledge of process development and technical acumen for GMP manufacturing.
- Experience with cell line development or cell growth optimization.
- Familiarity with produce cell lines (CHO, HEK293, VERO, MDCK, etc.).
- Experience with single-use technologies (SUT) for cell production.
- Demonstrated ability for critical thinking, innovation and problem solving.
- Excellent interpersonal communication skills, both written and verbal.
Desired Skills
- Ph.D with 5 years experience
- Experience working with CMOs and managing projects.
- Experience with vaccine and/or viral vectors (AAV, AV, LV) productions.
- Familiarity with stem cell and/or immune cell workflows.
- Handling of stacked vessel technologies, including CellSTACK and HYPERStack.
- Familiarity with 3D microcarrier process development workflows.
- Ability to meet deadlines independently with minimal direction or with large functional groups depending on the nature of the project.
- Flexibility in schedule to complete projects, tasks, and goals.
- Ability to work in a dynamic atmosphere with shifting priorities.
- Knowledgeable of technology transfer protocols.: Portland Mainea haphazard check of around twelve in Charlotte, Raleigh, Asheville and someplace else shows all conspicuously warn prospective borrowers that payday loans include illegal in vermont.
a€?We have only the opportunity to protect men and women in this condition edges,a€? Stein claims. a€?We can’t controls exactly what South Carolina, Virginia or Tennessee manage. So the possession become right up. But on the other hand, at the least we know vermont people aren’t paying out these severe rates of interest to payday lenders inside our state.a€?
By forbidding these loan providers, vermont causes individuals to look for choices over that it does not have any regulatory control, D’Alessio claims.
a€?Without usage of appropriate credit, the requirement does not disappear completely,a€? according to him. a€?They’re merely pressured into less-palatable steps.a€? Their trade people supports Mulvaney’s doubtful look at payday-loan rules. Congress in-may declined to overturn the principles.
Anti-payday financing formula comprise a€?rushed in the final times of the Cordray administration, and it’s really governmental and profoundly problematic,a€? he says
Meanwhile, the lure of simple credit score rating will remain stronger. The clerk on ACE finances present in Rock mountain listens with the Charlotte customer’s financing request. a€?no hassle,a€? according to him. a€?You can apply listed here inside the shop to get the funds now. Have you ever call at quarter-hour.a€?
Mick’s level
Nobody have additional impact on the continuing future of payday lending than Charlotte indigenous Mick Mulvaney, who may have found little curiosity about curbing high-cost, small-dollar credit. Since chairman Donald Trump appointed your performing movie director for the buyers Investment Safety Bureau, Mulvaney keeps attracted complaints caused by his links to loan providers and disinterest within the plan of his predecessor, Richard Cordray.
Among his questionable actions include disparaging payday-lending policies instituted by Cordray and dropping a CFPB suit alleging Kansas lenders misled visitors and charged to 950percent interest.
Mulvaney made reports in a belated April address when he informed a small grouping of lenders, a€?If you’re a lobbyist whom never ever provided auto title loan West Virginia you cash, i did not communicate with your,a€? during their six decades in Congress. a€?If you were a lobbyist who offered all of us funds, i may speak with your. If you came from back and seated during my lobby, i might consult with you without difference, whatever the economic benefits.a€? During the 2015-16 election routine, the then-congressman obtained $31,700 from payday loan providers, rating ninth among federal politicians.
These bluntness has long been the style of Mulvaney, a graduate of Charlotte Catholic High School, Georgetown college and UNC college of legislation. The guy worked on James, McElroy & Diehl attorney in Charlotte, next going a real-estate development company in York state, S.C. The guy afterwards gone to live in the Palmetto county, attained a seat in the county legislature in 2006 right after which unseated longtime U.S. Rep. John Spratt this year.
N.C. Attorney standard Josh Stein criticizes Mulvaney’s choice to drop a Cordray researching into Greenville, S.C.-based loan provider business Approval Corp., which has workplaces in Fort factory and Rock slope, S.C., as well as other state-line stores that lawfully serve North Carolinian border-crossers. 2 days after Mulvaney’s action, former community Approval CEO Janet Matricciani sent an email to your suggesting when the guy wished to keep the CFPB article, a€?I would like to get the career of movie director.a€? As a result of the industry Acceptance researching, a€?i’m in an unparalleled positiona€? are the top, she extra.
Stein and Kelly Tornow, coverage director when it comes down to middle for Responsible credit, a customer people that lobbied against predatory debts in North Carolina, think Mulvaney try wanting to preempt the regulations of North Carolina alongside claims.Accounting Services
Johnston & Hayden’s accounting services staff provides a full range of accounting services including monthly, quarterly and annual general ledger maintenance and financial statements for your business.
An experienced and professional staff maintain accounting records, perform bank reconciliations, provide payroll services, prepare payroll and sales tax returns as well as annual tax reports and a multitude of related and special services.
In keeping with our desire to provide the best service available, our accounting staff develop an understanding of your business and its operations to better meet your goals and objectives. Johnston & Hayden gives you a professional accounting staff to meet your every accounting need. Our full range of accounting services include:
Bookkeeping Services
Meaningful, well-organized financial records provide the information to help your business operate more efficiently on a daily basis and are the foundation for managing a successful business. Our qualified staff can assist you in establishing and maintaining your accounting information system.
Johnston & Hayden’s full range of ccounting services include:
- General Ledger & financial statement preparation
- Bookkeeping (Monthly/Quarterly/Annual)
- Accounting system setup for new businesses
- Payroll services
- Business tax return preparation (Sales & Use/Business Property)
Payroll Services
A reliable, efficient payroll system is necessary to maintaining a happy work force and to complying with federal and state payroll reporting regulations.
Johnston & Hayden can help your growing business develop and implement a payroll system to meet all your needs and can provide many of the services you need such as:
- Payroll processing
- Monthly, quarterly and annual reports
- Federal 941/940 preparation
- State withholding/unemployment tax – reports – W-2 preparation – 1099 preparation
Sales Tax & Other Taxes
Many businesses are responsible for collecting and reporting local and state sales taxes, often to many different taxing bodies each with its own tax rate and method of reporting. We at Johnston & Hayden have years of experience in this area and are ready to assist your company in preparing your sales tax returns in an efficient and timely manner.
Our professional staff is also familiar with and prepared to help you with many occupational, business and professional license applications and business property tax returns.
Audit & Attestation
Whether you need a reviewed financial statement for submission to your bank, a special attestation service to meet loan or regulatory requirements or a full scope financial statement or compliance audit Johnston & Hayden’s professional audit staff has over forty years of experience to place at your disposal.
Our audit staff has experience with businesses, governmental units, not for profits and individuals. An attestation engagement should be an opportunity for you to learn more about your business and your accounting system. Johnston & Hayden will work to make your examination a pleasant and profitable experience.
Financial reporting and attestation is provided on three levels of assurance:
- Audit – an intensive examination providing the highest level of assurance
- Review – analytical procedures conducted to provide limited assurance
- Compilation – based upon client information, primarily for internal use add a.
Business Consulting
Every business, no matter how small or large, needs a professional management team to deal with the complexities of the modern business world. In this era of specialization few business owners can know all there is to know about operating even a small business.
For most businesses it is neither efficient nor cost effective to maintain a staff with the expertise and experience to provide for all contingencies the business may face. Johnston & Hayden has built a base of experience in successful business operations and has developed a network of professionals in fields ranging from financial planning and banking to risk management and construction.
We at Johnston & Hayden measure our success by the personal and business successes of our clients. We will serve you as together we develop and implement comprehensive, flexible strategies for the manageable, profitable growth of your business.
Cash Flow & Budgeting
A business experiences its best year ever and then goes out of business. One of the most dangerous times in the economic life of a growing business can be when sales are increasing and the company is growing.
We can assist you in monitoring your cash flow sources and uses and help develop a comprehensive plan to manage your growth to meet your company’s objectives.
Selection & Implementation of Accounting Software
Accounting software packages for small business are numerous and vary widely in the functions they provide. That variety only makes selecting the package that will meet your information needs and budget more difficult.
Our experienced staff will work with you to identify the information you need, analyze your accounting structure and the technical strengths and weaknesses of your staff to help you choose and implement the system that best fits your accounting needs.
Buying & Selling a Business
You can call on our experienced staff to guide you through the process of purchasing or selling a business. We are available to help structure the transaction taking into consideration tax implications and cash flow requirements.
You can also use our staff to make an objective analysis to place a reasonable value on the business and identify an expected rate of return.
Tax Planning & Preparation
Did you get a new job this year, start a new business, set up a home office, invest in the stock market, put aside money for retirement, retire, get married, get divorced, have a child, send a child to school, buy a house, sell a house, pay off your mortgage, take out a second mortgage, contribute to your favorite charity or go to the doctor? These are just a few of the more common tax events you may have encountered this year. If failing to plan is planning to fail then failing to plan for your business or personal taxes is planning to pay more than your fair share.
For some tax payers planning may be as simple as having a qualified professional, like the staff at Johnston & Hayden, assist in organizing your information and taking full advantage of the benefits available. For others tax planning may be more involved, requiring thoughtful consultation with a tax professional and detailed research to determine the most effective way for you to achieve your goals.
Tax Preparation
We at Johnston & Hayden make a significant investment in industry standard tax preparation software, research capabilities and continuing education that enable us to prepare your returns accurately & efficiently. Throughout our history clients have relied on our knowledge and expertise in preparing returns for individuals, corporations, partnerships, trusts, estates, and non-for-profit organizations. Our e-Filing capabilities allow you to file your completed return quickly and efficiently to speed you refund on its way.
Once your return is filed Johnston & Hayden won’t disappear. We have years of experience dealing with taxing authorities and are available to assist you in dealing with any questions that may arise. We’re also available year round when changes in your life and your business bring up questions that can’t wait until your tax return is due.
Tax Planning
Tax planning is an essential part of your overall personal and business strategy. You can use our expertise and knowledge of current developments in tax laws to minimize your tax liabilities.
Some of the factors your tax plan should consider are: A qualified retirement plan (401(k), SEP, etc.) can provide significant tax advantages. Our qualified staff can help evaluate how you can make the best use of your pension plan.
Selection of the most advantageous form of business for your company (S-corporation, limited liability company, sole proprietor, etc.) can have long-term tax implications. We can help you determine which form of business entity best suites you. Estate and gift planning can facilitate an orderly transfer of assets to your beneficiaries and provide security to your surviving spouse.
We can help guide you in setting your achieving your wishes. Many successful businesses are overcome by the costs involved in transferring the business to successors. Use our knowledge of tax and other financial matters to develop a sound strategy for continuing your business.Medical tax provisions adjusted in 2022 for inflation
Tuesday, November 16, 2021
Medical matters have been front and center for the last two years due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Even without a global health crisis, taxpayers know they need to keep an eye on not just their wellbeing, but also on how medical expenses could create a tax outcome that's healthier for the filers rather than the Internal Revenue Service.
There are a variety of medical tax breaks. And several of them are adjusted each year to account for inflation.
Here, in this Part 5 of the ol' blog's annual tax inflation series, is a look at those changes for the 2022 tax year.
Flexible spending account (FSA): A medical flexible spending account, or FSA, is a great and tax-saving way to pay for health costs that aren't covered by your insurance. How much you put into this workplace benefit also is indexed for inflation.
The base FSA amount for a health-related account was set at $2,500 when the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare, became law. And yes, it hasn't been repealed and replaced. The ACA also allows for the possibility that the FSA limit could increase depending on inflation.
For the 2022 tax year, you can put up to $2,850 in your FSA. That's a $100 increase from 2021's $2,750 FSA contribution limit.
Inflation also helps out where companies provide some relief from FSA's usual use-it-or-lose-it rule. Some employers allow their workers to roll over unused FSA money into the next benefits year. For 2022, then the IRS says you get a $20 inflation bump. The rollover amount goes from $550 in 2021 to $570 in 2022.
Health Savings Account (HSA): Sometimes the cost of health insurance makes you feel worse than things that drive you to the doctor. That's why some folks opt for a high-deductible health plan, or HDHP.
The premiums for an HDHP tend to be lower. The downside, though, is that you have to pay more to reach that high deductible amount before the insurance coverage kicks in.
The tax code offers some help in dealing with an HDHP's high out-of-pocket costs. You can open an associated Health Savings Account, or HSA, to pay for your larger deductibles.
The tax benefits of an HSA include:
- Fully deductible contributions up to the legal limit,
- Untaxed withdrawals when used to pay qualified medical expenses, including dental and vision treatments,
- Tax-free interest on the earnings as long as the money is used to pay qualified medical expenses, and
- No requirement that HSA money be used or forfeited by a certain deadline.
The IRS actually announced back in May the 2022 inflation adjustments for HSAs and the HDHPs required to open these medical accounts.
To save you some time (although if you want to click on over to that earlier post, that's great, too) the table below shows the HSA contribution and maximum out-of-pocket limits for high-deductible medical coverage for the 2022 and, for comparison, the 2021 tax years.
A note about the catch-up provision. It is set by law and not subject to annual inflation adjustments.
Medical Savings Account (MSA): Another tax-favored medical savings account is the aptly named Medical Savings Account, or MSA. This account also is known as an Archer MSA, with the name being in honor of former Texas Republican Rep. Bill Archer. Whatever you call it, these accounts also are potentially affected by annual inflation changes.
Archer MSAs were created to help self-employed individuals and employees of certain small companies meet medical care costs. But since 2007, they have essentially been replaced by HSAs. The IRS continues to account for them in inflation calculations to accommodate the Archer MSAs created before the law change. You can find details on the different accounts IRS Publication 969.
For tax year 2022, the IRS says that participants who have self-only coverage in an MSA, the plan must have an annual deductible that is not less than $2,450 (that's up a tad from the $2,400 for 2021 tax year), but not more than $3,700 (that's a $100 increase from the 2021 tax year). The maximum out-of-pocket expenses (other than for policy premiums) for self-only coverage in 2021 will be $4,950 (another increase, this time up $150 from 2021's $4,800 cap).
For participants with family coverage in 2022, the floor for the annual deductible is $4,950 (up from 2021's $4,800). However, the deductible next year cannot be more than $7,400 (a bigger jump from the $7,150 for this year).
And if you have family coverage, the out-of-pocket expense limit (again, this doesn't cover premiums) is $9,050 in 2022, an increase from the tax year 2021 limit of $8,750.
Long-term care coverage premiums: In addition to medical insurance, many folks buy long-term care insurance to help them pay for the assistance they might need, in their own homes or in an eldercare facility, when they are older.
Premiums for a long-term care policy are deductible up to a certain amount as an itemized medical expense. The maximum deduction is based on your age and the amounts that can be claimed on Schedule A, and which can be claimed as part of you total medical expenses that exceed more than 7.5 percent of your adjusted gross income (AGI), are adjusted for inflation.
The table below shows the deductible long-term policy payment amounts for the 2022 and 2021 tax years:
The only change from this year to next is in the 61 to 70 age range. The allowable deduction for individuals in this category drops by $10 in 2022.
More doses of tax inflation tips: Well, this post does have a lot of health care/tax numbers. But I hope it took you less time to read it than what you spent in the waiting room the last time you went to your doctor's office.
I also hope this information makes you feel a bit better about your taxes and how you can use these medical inflation-adjusted tax breaks to reduce them.
And the good tax medicine isn't over.
As noted at the beginning of this post, this is Part 5 of the ol' blog's annual 10-part 2022 tax inflation series. That means we're just half way through the series. More inflation figures are on their way in the coming days.
And as the box below indicates, you can find a directory to all 10 parts in the first post of the series.
This post on 2022 medical tax breaks is Part.
Thanks for reading and especially for your inflation explanation patience! And, in keeping with Part 5's topic, stay tuned, stay safe, and stay healthy.
AdvertisementsYou can post a photo of Cashe.
Lost to gun violence on September 27, 2021 in Decatur, Georgia.
Photo sources:
News sources:
The people with the most candles in the past 24 hours are featured on our homepage.
Ask your friends to light a candle or come back tomorrow to light another candle for Cashe.
You can add to Cashe's profile:
Other nearby fatal shootings:WASHINGTON — Millions more Americans are closer to getting a COVID-19 booster as influential government advisers on Thursday endorsed extra doses of all three of the nation's vaccines — and opened the possibility of choosing a different company's brand for that next shot.
Certain people who received Pfizer vaccinations months ago already are eligible for a booster and now advisers to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say specific Moderna and Johnson & Johnson recipients should qualify, too. And in a bigger change, the panel allowed the flexibility of "mixing and matching" that extra dose regardless of which type people received first. was expected to rule soon.
.
There still are restrictions on who qualifies and when for a booster. Starting six months past their last Pfizer.
The CDC panel backed the same qualifications for Moderna recipients to get a booster..WORLD. The humanitarian advocate Mari Malek from South Sudan says that people should think twice before they give money to big humanitarian organizations. Donations to the big NGOs have a tendency to end up in the wrong places. There are far better alternatives.
Video interview by Aga Wilsson | Text by Torbjorn Sassersson
Mari Malek was brought up in South Sudan. Her mother decided that Mari deserved a better life than war and being married by force at a young age. They escaped to Egypt. Mari, her mother, and her sisters later ended up in the US. Malek worked her way up to the point where she became a respected humanitarian advocate in New York with contacts within the UN, a supermodel, and an actor.
Mari Malek says that people should think twice before they give money to big humanitarian organizations. It’s better to donate to smaller organizations that can assure resources reach all the way to the people that really need help.
Malek says billions of dollars every year are given to huge NGOs working in Africa yet famine, wars and poverty continue that create suffering and inequality.
There are far better alternatives, often small grassroots movements and small organizations are much more effective. Malek herself founded Stand for Education that provides access to education for children living in conflict, empowers women, and supports refugees.
Malek says more people die from starvation rather than Covid-19. At the same time, Africa is extremely efficient in food production. It’s a paradox.
Text by Torbjorn Sassersson, NewsVoice.se is an Independent News and Debate Channel
Please feel free to donate to NewsVoice and/or Aga Wilson Free Voice
Related
Absolutely!
F William Engdahl’s enormously clarifying book “Geheimakte NGOs: Wie die Tarnorganisationen der CIA Revolutionen, Umstürze und Kriege anzetteln” clearly shows that “charities such as Médecins Sans Frontières, the Red Cross and a lot of other NGOs support terrorism, human trafficking and other deeply criminal activities.
Self-claimed philanthropists as Bill Gates, George Soros, David Rockefeller are also “practicing charity”.
Don’t give a penny!
Översatt till svenska, eftersom budskapet är väldigt viktigt:
Absolut!
F William Engdahls enormt klarläggande bok “Geheimakte NGOs: Wie die Tarnorganisationen der CIA Revolutionen, Umstürze und Kriege anzetteln” visar med all tydlighet att “välgörenhetsorganisationer som Läkare utan gränser, Röda korset – och en MÄNGD andra NGO:s stöder terrorism, människosmuggling och diverse andra djupt kriminella aktiviteter.
Det är intressant att också Bill Gates, George Soros, David Rockefeller etc. säger sig utöva välgörenhet och kallar sig filantroper.
Ge inte ett enda öre!Part of the US State Quarter series that began in 1999, the Arizona quarter is one of the most intricate states to cut out. From the rays of the sun to the Saguaro cacti, there are many parts of this coin that require delicate, tiny cuts. Featured prominently in the background is the Grand Canyon as well as a banner reading, "Grand Canyon.Contractual Researcher Job Description
The leader of a contract research team must use their study management experience to lead studies for various clients. The contractual research team leader oversees all aspects of performing various types of studies, and must report to the Director of Operations or other appropriate management.
Typical Job Duties
• Assist study sponsors with generating a scientifically sound, written and verbal interpretation of the results of the study
• Minimize wasted resources and ensure cost efficiency
• Effectively lead and manage research teams who are required to handle multiple, overlapping projects
• Document and report any and all deviations from protocols or regulations to the Director of Operations or other appropriate management
• Ensure that study technicians are adequately trained, approved and scheduled to perform the studies they are assigned to work on
• In collaboration with Business Development prepare study proposals including study design, materials and resource requirements, cost analysis and recommendation, as well as, overall project timeline plans
Scholarships for Becoming a Contractual Researcher
The Applicable Majors section below shows fields of study relevant to a career as a Contractual Contractual Researcher. Click on the links to find out what else you can do with these majors!Campus Cupboard
It’s hard to focus on academics when your pantry is empty or you need basic hygiene supplies. That’s where OSU-Tulsa’s Campus Cupboard comes in.
The Campus Cupboard is open to any currently enrolled OSU-Tulsa student experiencing food insecurity or in need of basic essentials.
How it works
Visit Campus Life in North Hall 103 Monday-Friday from 8 a.m.-5 p.m. to fill out a form and pick up items.
OR
Send an email to tulsa.campuslife@okstate.edu and we will send the form to you and arrange a time for you to pick up items.
Items Available
These are examples of the types of items available in the OSU-Tulsa Campus Cupboard. Item stock will vary throughout the year. We can’t guarantee availability of any specific item.
Non-perishable food like granola bars, soup, ready-to-eat meals, canned fruits and vegetables, boxed dinners and pasta
Toiletries including toothpaste, deodorant, soap and feminine hygiene products
How you can help
We accept donations for the Cowboy Cupboard throughout the year to keep our shelves stocked. Bring new, unopened, in-date items to North Hall 103 during regular business hours.Subscription growth hack (by PayKickstart)
Facebook Group - 3,932 membersVisit Group
Split testing, or A/B testing as it is often called, is one of the most effective ways to increase the performance of your various marketing campaigns and ultimately your entire sales funnel. You can run an A/B test to measure the performance of many different parts of your sales funnel, including your email campaigns, landing pages, ad campaigns and more. And a few hours of work could lead to big boosts in conversions, revenue, and more.
You can use split-testing to optimize your sales funnel.
So what is split testing anyways? Basically, you will test two or more different versions of your campaign or asset. Let’s say you want to A/B test your landing page. You might set up one landing page with a call-to-action (CTA) that says “Click here to learn how to increase your ecommerce sales!” and another CTA that states “Click Here to Enjoy a Free Trial!” then measure which one performs better.
Ideally, when you A/B test something, you change only one thing between the two versions. So when split testing the call to action, you won’t change around images, buttons, or anything else. Your goal is to determine exactly what is causing performance to increase (or decrease).
Example of a simple A/B test. Notice the different click buttons.
If you change multiple elements at once, it’ll be hard (if not impossible) to determine which one is causing the change. By testing only one thing at a time, you can hone in on changes that are making a difference.
However, in order to determine whether something is having an impact or not, you need to gather a lot of data. We’re not talking about dozens of clicks, but instead thousands or even tens of thousands. If you test every individual word change and element individually, it can be difficult to collect enough data.
Let’s say you want to try a new CTA and you want to know the impact of this CTA and button throughout your entire sales funnel. You can do this with a multi-page A/B test. You will simply apply the new CTA at every relevant stage of your funnel.
The orange “Get Started for Free” button is an example of a CTA from PayKickstart’s site.
Most sales funnels feature multiple pages, and most pages will offer you an opportunity to use your CTA. You can set up two funnels, one with the old CTA, another with the new CTA, and then test the performance of each sales funnel on the whole.
Customers are going to progress through each phase of your funnel. You can split test different steps of this funnel to see how each step is performing. For example, you could test one version of a landing page. Then when the customer clicks on the first link and goes to the product info page, you can A/B test that product info page as well.
Next, the customer might check out with the product. Here again, you can A/B test the shopping cart to see what features, tools, or language is working best. In this case, a single customer interaction allows you to test multiple things at once. However, since you are A/B testing individual pages against one another, you can still hone in on what is producing results and what’s not.
If you’re thinking about a huge shake-up, say changing your entire marketing language or the overall feel of your brand, testing simply a logo change or a call-to-action might not be enough. Instead, you can A/B test your entire approach to see if the radical shake-up will produce results.
So if you design a whole new website with a more modern look and more aggressive copy, you could A/B test that against your old website. If results are negative, your branding shift might not work. In this case, you may want to try to hone in on what’s causing the drop in performance.
Check out the redesigns to Yahoo!’s homepage. It’d be hard to test each individual element.
So maybe you go back and adjust your calls-to-action to make them less aggressive. At the same time, you could test your new, modern looking website with less aggressive language. If the results are positive and you start producing more conversions, now you have good reason to believe that the updated website is a boon but the aggressive language is not.
Want to test a number of variables at once? It is possible, especially if you have a lot of traffic. Keep in mind that the testing itself might not be quite as accurate as A/B testing a single variable. However, let’s be honest, if you want to test a large number of individual variables, you may not have enough time to A/B test every single one.
IMDb changed a lot of elements in the two above websites. It would take a long time to test each variable separately.
With multivariate testing, you can swap a number of variables. The trick is to test every possible combination to see which ones work best and which ones are performing worse. If you have a common element turns up in your lowest performing ones, say a certain purchase button or CTA, you can take an educated guess and surmise that the specific element is lowering performance.
Likewise, if certain elements turn up consistently in your best-performing variations, there’s a good chance that these elements are improving performance. You can hone down your tests, dropping the worst performing combinations and elements until you end up with your best performing combination of variables.
Split Testing takes commitment. You’re going to need to test a considerable amount of traffic to gather enough data to uncover meaningful insights. And a proper split testing campaign can take weeks, if not months to complete.
This is especially true if you want to test a variety of elements. Still, the payoff will ultimately worth it. Using data, you should be able to increase your sales and conversions.We manufacture quality grommets from 3mm right up to 300mm diameter.
Standard Grommets
We usually manufacture standard grommets from a single strand of wire rope to make a complete circle of wire rope, with almost invisible joints, and these can be used for many purposes such as lifting slings, piling extractors, vibration inhibitors etc.
Cable Laid Grommets
These are different from the standard grommets as the circle of wire rope is not made up from strand but and individual wire rope. This gives a greater flexibility to the grommet and as such we can manufacture these in diameters up to 300mm giving lifting capacities exceeding 1000 tonnes.Wingate Benefit Solutions and Wingate Financial Planning, an employee benefit consultancy and Chartered Financial Planners, have once again been awarded gold accreditation against the Investors in People Standard, demonstrating a continued Wingate, Investors in People accreditation is the sign of a great employer, an outperforming place to work and a clear commitment to success. Wingate should be extremely proud of their achievement.
Commenting on the award, Ben Clarke, Managing Director said:
The continuation of our Investors in People accreditation to the Gold Standard is something we truly value as it recognises our passionate belief that caring, supporting and empowering our colleagues helps them deliver exceptional services to our clientsWe have data on 896 companies that use LexisNexis PCLaw. The companies using LexisNexis PCLaw are most often found in United States and in the Legal Services industry. LexisNexis PCLaw is most often used by companies with 10-50 employees and 1M-10M dollars in revenue. Our data for LexisNexis PCLaw usage goes back as far as 6 years and 1 months.
If you’re interested in the companies that use LexisNexis PCLaw, PCLaw has a market share of about 1.3%. Other major and competing products in this category include:
PCLaw Billing and Accounting Software offers easy-to-use tools for time and expense tracking, billing, receivables and more. It is a software that enables firms to easily manage matters; track time, expenses, calendar appointments and tasks; bill and collect payment from clients; pay vendors; reconcile bank statements; and manage trust accounts all from a single source.
Looking at LexisNexis PCLaw customers by industry, we find that Legal Services (37%), Law Practice (24%) and Computer Software (5%) are the largest segments.
50% of LexisNexis PCLaw customers are in United States and 41% are in Canada.
Of all the customers that are using LexisNexis PCLaw, a majority (64%) are small (<50 employees), 10% are large (>1000 employees) and 25% are medium-sized.
Of all the customers that are using LexisNexis PCLaw, a majority (79%) are small (<$50M), 13% are large (>$1000M) and 0% are medium-sized.I have started using Twitter in the last week, and I like it! It has shown itself to be a good way to get the latest info on stocks that aren't necessarily well-followed, and also a quick way of hearing about undervalued stocks that other value investors have uncovered. A lot of the questions I receive from readers by e-mail are asked by several different readers, so Twitter also offers me a decent way to answer questions to several people at once in a way that saves time.
I've only sent out a few tweets so far, so I'm still a bit of a novice. But I like what I see so far, so I expect my Twitter activity to continue. Some readers have already found me! For the rest of you who wish to track my discussions, you can do so by following this link. There's also a link to my twitter feed to the right of this post on the main page, next to the rss feed links.
For those who have no interest in joining yet another social media network, do not despair. There are no plans to make any changes to the site's content. Even if you do not join Twitter or do not follow my "tweets", you will still receive the kind of content from this site that you are accustomed to (for better or worse!)
To that end, I have made some changes to the site to make it easier to navigate the latest posts. If you have any suggestions regarding the site's format or its content or anything else, I'd be happy to hear from you. Please feel free to leave a comment or send an e-mail.
1 comment:
Saj,
I've been trying not to join twitter, but I think you may have pushed me over the edge. :)Doing tasks or chores sometimes can be a boring thing to do. You might lose your motivation when the chores and the tasks become parts of your routine. Therefore, you can use chore charts in order to boost your motivation in finishing the tasks.
More households need to consider using this chore chart and use it to track the chores that should be done by you or the other members of your household. You will also be able to feel a sense of achievement when you put a tick in the box that means that you successfully finish the chore. Some adults may not think that this kind of achievement is not important. However, you can use these chore charts to motivate your children to do their tasks.
The chore charts can be a great tool to get your children engaged in doing the chores. Using these chore charts can also help teach your children about seeing a task or project until the end. Moreover, by using the core chart, you will be able to see and monitor the progress of your tasks. These blank printable chore charts can also provide information about the next actions that you need to do.
Contents
- 1 How Can Chore Charts Help You to Get Your Tasks Done?
- 2 What Are The Kinds of Chore Charts that I Can Use?
- 3 Several Kinds of Chore Charts that You Need to Know
- 4 Blank Printable Chore Charts
How Can Chore Charts Help You to Get Your Tasks Done?
Some people might be wondering about how a thing as simple as chore charts can give you assistance in finishing your tasks and projects. Sometimes, you may feel less motivated in finishing your tasks or chores. Therefore, you will not feel happy doing those chores.
In order to bring back your motivation, you can start using a chore chart since there is a psychological aspect of using this chart that will bring you benefits and advantages. Once you understand this psychological reason, you may feel happier when doing your tasks at home and at work.
We all know that chores are errands that we should do. When we finish doing those chores, usually there is a great feeling and a feeling of convenience. Therefore, commonly there is also an urge to complete those errands. However, the human mind typically will avoid any kind of errands. This is caused by humans’ feeling when experiencing the process of doing the chores is disconnected from the joy the humans’ feel after completing the chores.
One way to fix the disconnection is by using the chore charts because you will be able to feel some sorts of reward when you successfully complete the chores. Moreover, after finishing the chores, you can also see the practical benefits. The feelings of winning and motivation will surely come to you.
What Are The Kinds of Chore Charts that I Can Use?
There are several kinds of chore charts that will be able to keep your motivation. Chore charts for children, chore charts for teens, family chore charts, character chore charts and household roommate chore charts are some examples of chore charts that you can use to boost your motivation.
Several Kinds of Chore Charts that You Need to Know
You can go through the following kinds of chore charts that are suitable for specific needs. Go through the samples and pick the one that you need.
Blank Printable Chore Charts
This chore chart is blank. Therefore, you can customize it as you need. Download it for free and you can also print it.
Daily Responsibilities Chore Chart
Usually, this kind of chore chart is used for kids. It will be able to keep the children motivated in doing their daily chores. As a result, your children can be more organized. Those children can also learn to be more independent and be more responsible.
Daily Responsibilities Chore Chart
Family Chore Chart Template
If you have many chores that should be done everyday, but at the same time you do not have enough time and energy to do all of those chores by yourself, it is time for you to start using a family chore chart. You can divide the chores to be done by the family members. There are spaces for you to write down the responsible party, the assignments and also the days of the week. This kind of chore chart will work well with large families. It is a nice thing to see family members working together to finish the chores. Download the template now.
Family chore chart template
My Chore Chart Template
In order to stay motivated in doing the daily chores, you can try using my chore chart template. Downloaded this printable template for free.
My Chore Chart Template
My Princess Chore Chart Template
You can use this interesting template for your kids. The template is editable and easy to download.
my princess chore chart template
Printable Character Chore Chart
Having a chore chart that contains your kids’ favorite characters is surely a fun thing for your children. Keep your children’s spirits high in doing their chores by using this printable character chore chart. You can download it for free and print it easily.
Printable Character Chore Chart
Printable Chore Chart For Teens
There are also chore charts that are suitable to be used by teenagers. Use this printable chore chart for teens template to keep your teenage kids’ motivation in doing their chores. This chore chart can be downloaded easily and for free.
Printable Chore Chart For Teens
Printable Preschool Chore Chart
If you need a chore chart for your toddlers, this printable preschool chore chart is a good choice for you. Download it easily from this website.
Printable Preschool Chore Chart
School Chore Chart Template
This chore chart will be useful to manage the children’s behavior outside and inside the classroom. Try to use this school chore template that is free and also printable. Download it right now.
School Chore Chart Template
Weekly Chore Chart Template
When you need to divide the chores on a weekly basis, this weekly chore chart template is a great choice for you. Keeping kids motivated in doing the chores is not an easy thing to do. This template can be your best solution in motivating your children to do their chores happily. Using this weekly chore chart will also help your children to be more responsible and have self-reliance.
weekly chore chart template
The mayor of Washougal is hoping City Council members will see the value of several ideas in the 2013 proposed budget.
Sean Guard said during the Oct. 22 council workshop he would like to “kick start” commercial development activity by introducing a “fee holiday” for 2013. It would eliminate most of the fees for commercial and mixed use development.
Traffic impact fees and utility system development charges would remain.
“The goal of the ‘fee holiday’ is to incentify development to get started sooner, to add to our property tax base and increase sales tax revenue,” Guard said. “Preliminary program parameters would require construction to be started in 2013 and completed by the end of 2014.”
Since the proposal could cost the city $70,000 in lost revenue, he is suggesting the city use $70,000 of unrestricted and un-allocated reserves to offset the loss.
“This use of reserves in the short term is an investment in our economic development efforts toward enhancing our economic health in the future,” Guard said.
He is also proposing the creation of a $500,000 property acquisition fund to use reserves for the purchase of properties in the downtown core. The properties would be developed as parks, open space or public parking. Specific property transactions would require council approval.
With the inclusion of those projects, the city would have a reserve balance of $3.11 million. That is 27.7 percent of the operating expenses. Council policy requires reserves of 16 percent of the operating budget be restricted for internal cash flow purposes.
The $31.57 million proposed budget includes a fund of $95,000 to help low income residents pay their city utility bills.
The next budget workshop is set for Tuesday, Nov. 13, at 6 p.m., in the council chambers at City Hall, 1701 “C” St. During last night’s meeting, the council set a public hearing on the budget for Monday, Nov. 19, at 6 p.m.StyroChem produces Expandable Polystyrene (EPS) for food service, packaging, construction, casting and specialty applications.On October 1st, 2021, StyroChem was acquired by Epsilyte Holdings. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
19250 Clark Graham Baie d’Urfé
Montreal, Quebec, H9X 3R8,
Canada
514-457-3226
Oct 12, 2021
PMC Capital Partners has sold StyroChem Canada to Epsilyte Holdings, a portfolio company of Balmoral Funds. PMC acquired StyroChem Canada from WinCup in August 2019. StyroChem’s expanded polystyrene (EPS) products are used in foodservice, packaging, construction, casting and other specialty applications. StyroChem was founded in 1975 as Expandable Technologies and was one of the.Spicy Chickpea Flour & Bread Toast (Indian)
bread, besan, spices, salt, ginger, onions, asafoetida
Besan Toast isly fried, and this is a relatively healthier alternative to deep-fried Bread Pakora or Bread Bhajji.
Created Sept. 11, 2020 by: atasneem
Bread Pakora
Bread Bhaji
(Indian)
Bread pakora is an Indian fried snack. It is also known as bread bhaji. A common street food, it is …
Photo by: atasneem |.
Locals!”
I’m tired, hungry, running out of gas and patience, I have to use the bathroom, I’m still stuck in traffic BUT I’m safe!.We’re One Step Closer To Uncovering Secrets Of Ancient ‘Centaur’ Comets
Comets are a frequent and sumptuous occurrence in uses of outer space, and a study recently summarized a blueprint for how scientists could watch them be created in real-time. As it’s been proven time and time again, the riddles of seat are incessantly fascinating. Planets in our Solar System have countless floors to tell, faraway galaxies prop innumerable other secrets, and there’s a constant drive in the science community to uncover as many of these as possible.
Thanks to always advancing technology, each day delivers us closer to answering previously unsolvable questions. In 2021 alone, “theres been” countless milestones in the seat exploration nature. Perseverance compiled the first Martian rock sample that’ll be returned to Earth, InSight established the first interior map of Mars, and Ingenuity became the first helicopter to fly on an alien planet. In that framework, it’s roughly unfathomable to think what we’ll be able to achieve in 5, 10, or 50 years down the road.BEGIN:VCALENDAR VERSION:2.0 PRODID:-//67.227.194.12//NONSGML kigkonsult.se iCalcreator 2.20// CALSCALE:GREGORIAN METHOD:PUBLISH X-WR-CALNAME:Green Bay Botanical Garden TZNAME:CST END:STANDARD BEGIN:DAYLIGHT DTSTART:20220313T020000 TZOFFSETFROM:-0600 TZOFFSETTO:-0500 TZNAME:CDT END:DAYLIGHT END:VTIMEZONE BEGIN:VEVENT UID:ai1ec-2956@ DTSTAMP:20211127T030338Z CATEGORIES;LANGUAGE=en-US:Annual Events\,Youth &\; Family Programs CONTACT:Education Manager | Linda Gustke\; 920.491.3691 ext. 122\; LGustke@ gbbg.org DESCRIPTION:Don’t let the weather keep you in – celebrate the season at the Garden with your family! This free event will feature self-guided\, outdo or activities:\n\nExplore the outdoors and discover intriguing winter fact s\nUncover winter surprises on a scavenger hunt\nTry your skills at snowsh oeing (pending 6+ inches of snow\, ages six and up)\nTake home a craft kit \n\nFace coverings are required in all Garden buildings (ages 2 and up).\n WINTER SALE AT THE GIFT SHOP THIS WEEKEND\nOur Hello 2021 Winter Sale star ts this Friday\, January 29 at the WPS Trellis Gift Shop. Shop clearance H oliday and seasonal items before or after your visit at the Garden. Plus\, we still have lots of fun items to brighten your winter this year!\nConta ct Us\nFor event information\, contact Guest Services at 920.490.9457 or i nfo@gbbg.org. DTSTART;TZID=America/Chicago:20210130T090000 DTEND;TZID=America/Chicago:20210130T170000 GEO:+44.531701;-88.09951 LOCATION:Green Bay Botanical Garden @ 2600 Larsen Rd\, Green Bay\, WI 54303 \, USA SEQUENCE:0 SUMMARY:Winter Celebration URL: X-COST-TYPE:free X-ALT-DESC;FMTTYPE=text/html:\\n\\n\\n
\n
Do n’t let the weather keep you in – celebrate the season at the Garden with your family! This free event will feature self-guided\, outdoor activities :\n
\n
Our Hello 2021 Winter Sale starts this Friday\, January 29 at th e WPS Trellis Gift Shop. Shop clearance Holiday and seasonal items before or after your visit at the Garden. Plus\, we still have lots of fun items to brighten your winter this year!\n
For event information\, contact Guest Services at 920.490.9457 or info@gbbg.org.\n END:VEVENT END:VCALENDARBlack Friday Deals | Up to 40% Off! Shop Now
Westin Contour Safari Bar Light Bar
$375.99
Westin B-Force LED Light Bars
$61.99
Westin Xtreme LED Light Bars
$133.99
Westin EF2 LED Light Bars
$51.99
Westin Safari Light Bar Black
$153.99
Westin Max Winch Tray Bull Bar/Light Bar
$66.99
Westin Peformance2X Double Row LED Light Bars
$154.99
Westin Bumper Mount Light Bar
$199.99
WestBecause your family depends on you to plan a great Beaver Creek Ski vacation!
Make your Beaver Creek family Ski vacation dreams come true!
Click here and one of our travel professionals will customize your family vacation!
We focus on Colorado Family Ski Vacations specializing in:
Beaver Creek Ski Resort and Areas:
Make your Beaver Creek family ski vacation destination and this winter your family can enjoy Beaver Creek's uncrowded slopes, intimate atmosphere, luxurious pampering and abundant European-style charm which create a rare ski resort experience.
Beaver Creek offers.
A Beaver Creek family ski vacation is a premiere choice for those who value relaxed atmosphere, intimate charm and luxurious comfort right at the base of the mountain. Beaver Creek is a complete ski vacation resort offering, skiing, nightlife, spas, great restaurants, luxurious lodging and many off mountain activities, making this an ideal ski resort for families looking for more than just a ski vacation.
World's Best Chocolate Chip Cookie Competition: Their hallmark competition returns in celebration of Beaver Creek's culinary heritage and the unique cookie giveaway at the end of each ski day. What a sweet way to start the season!
Beaver Creek's 25th Anniversary Celebration -- Happy Birthday Beaver Creek! In celebration of their first 25 years and in keeping with a fresh drive to provide premier events and programs beyond our famed ski slopes, expect more that you've ever experienced. Special events featuring stellar entertainment, cuisine, performing arts and athletes will bring Beaver Creek alive from open to close.
Fiesta Primavera & "Value Weeks" specials -- Quite Simply, a Celebration of Spring. The final week of the Beaver Creek winter 05/06 season will be alive to the sights, sounds and tastes of Latin America! Fiesta Primavera promises a lively and festive week with on-mountain and village events including concerts, performers and plenty of Latin-themed dining experiences!
Skiing and boarding are the reasons for visiting the ski resorts, but don't think that's all there is!
Beaver Creek offers everything from cross country skiing, snowshoeing, spas, shopping, sleigh rides, swimming, great music, and more. Beaver Creek's culinary excellence means you will find delicious food for your most picky eaters. Don't forget to check out events at the resorts for a day of fun and entertainment!
With a full range of accommodations available in this intimate resort area, let our ski vacation specialists find the best fit for your family. Beaver Creek has plenty of options that are a great value for families. Click here and one of our ski vacation specialists will help you find the right lodging for your family!
High-Speed Chairlift in Larkspur Bowl. The old triple chair has been replaced by a high-speed quad chairlift, cutting the ride time in half and boosting the total number of high-speed lifts at Beaver Creek to 10!Process Of Removing The Carpet Bugs From Your House
If […]
What Frequent Gamers Anticipate From Major Site?
Having The stage for playing sport games is truly a blessed thing, however are you aware what sort of injuries you could face at the future. But only smart folks select 메이저사이트 who consider in meals affirmation. It all gets very simple for individuals to have a look at entire things absolutely which may be […]You live for the moment the puck drops and your favorite hockey players fight for glory on the ice. Deck yourself out in team pride when you shop Wayne Gretzky NHL men’s NHL gear from FansEdge! Here you’ll find the latest and greatest NHL men’s apparel, including NHL t-shirts and polos to help you rep your squad. Show that your favorite athlete is a force to be reckoned with when you rock a new Wayne Gretzky NHL jersey as well.
Bundle up for those chilly nights at the rink with men’s NHL hoodies, jackets and NHL knit hats. Commemorate the road to the Stanley Cup with NHL men’s playoff gear, or snag the newest accessories on the market, including men’s NHL NHL face coverings.Phone Protection Kit
A full year of protection.
Prevent harmful microbes from living on the surface of your phone for up to 90 days per treatment.
Cleaning your cell phone isn't enough.
The average cell phone contains more than 20,000 bacteria per square inch.
Cell phone owners touch their cell phones between 2,000 and 5,000 times a day.
Each time we touch our cell phones we give these germs and bacteria an opportunity to transfer to our hands – and potentially
to our face.
Clean and protect your cell phone.
The Everest™ Phone Protection Kit includes everything you need to clean your cell phone and make it inhospitable to harmful microbes for up to 90 days per treatment.
Disinfectant
Wipes
It is important to clean your cell phone before treating it. Using a sanitizing wipe ensures that 99.99% of germs and bacteria are removed prior to treatment.
EV360™ Antimicrobial Protectant Spray
This is where the science happens. EV360™ imparts an antimicrobial coating to your cell phone – providing lasting protection against harmful microbes.
NoStench® Microfiber Cloth
Our microfiber cloth is pre-treated with EV360™ which prevents harmful microbes from ever living on or transferring away from your microfiber cloth.The leader of Derby City Council has urged people to heed the new high tier two Covid alert lockdown restrictions that will come into force on Saturday to avoid even tougher restrictions.
Along with the rest of Derbyshire, the whole county is subject to tier two restrictions, affecting about one million residents.
Derby, Amber Valley, Bolsover, High Peak, Derbyshire Dales and South Derbyshire are joining Erewash, Chesterfield and North East Derbyshire which were already tier two.
Councillor Chris Poulter, city council leader, said: "We should all take this opportunity to do the right thing for Derby and play our part in reducing transmission of COVID in our community.
“By following these restrictions now, we are offering the best support possible to our businesses, economy and Derbians in general by helping to slow the rate of COVID and reducing the need for further measures.
The rapid increase in the number of new cases in the city have led to the Government's decision to increase the alert Derby, weekly case rates stand at 288 people per 100,000.
This increases to 359 per 100,000 in those aged 17-21 and is 200 per 100,000 in the over 60s, according to Department for Health and Social Care figures published today.
As well as following the national guidance to wash hands, keep our distance and wear a face covering if we can, the high restrictions mean:
- people shouldn't mix indoors with anyone who isn't in their household or support bubble – whether 2 households only so that informal childcare is provided by the same carers each time
- people can only visit care homes in exceptional circumstances
- all businesses, leisure facilities and other places which are allowed to open by law can remain open providing they meet COVID-19 secure guidance
- pubs, bars restaurants and other hospitality venues close at 10.00pm - drive-through services, click and collect and delivery services can continue after 10.00pm
- people can take part in sport and physical activity outdoors but organised indoor exercise classes are only permitted if it's possible to avoid mixing with people you don’t live with or share a support bubble with - there are exceptions for children and people with a disability
Derby City Council had already called for people to start behaving as if they were in tier two earlier this week when it was first suggested that the city would go into the higher tier.
Dr Robyn Dewis, Derby’s director of public health, said: " While the new restrictions don’t officially come into force until the early hours of Saturday morning, we should all consider the impact of our actions over the next couple days.
"We can all play a part in preventing further transmission and protecting those we care about from infection.
"It is important that we familiarise ourselves with the new restrictions to ensure we are all following them properly.
"These changes, as well as our basic hygiene, social distancing and face covering guidelines, are our best form of defence against a greater spread of COVID in the city.
“Aside from the need to protect ourselves and loved ones, we should also remember that following these restrictions now decreases our risk of us needing to be escalated to the ‘Very High’ alert level, which will impact on our businesses, health services and schools.”
The city council has confirmed that the high COVID local alert level restrictions will mean that businesses in the city may be eligible for additional financial support.
A new system is in the process of being set up to ensure the swift and smooth distribution of funding and details of how to apply will be announced soon.
Community support will also be available to those who need it as we move into tighter restrictions. Derby's Community Hub can be contacted on 01332 640000.Greece on Monday introduced a wide range of new restrictions aimed at curbing a COVID-19 infection spike that has pushed the rate of death to nearly double the European Union average.
A government order went into effect through December 6, mandating masks at all workplaces, staggering opening hours in the public and private sector, and allowing access for adults to indoor recreation and entertainment areas only to those carrying a certificate of vaccination or recent recovery.
The restricted spaces include indoor areas at bars, restaurants, movie theatres per cent..
The vaccinated do not require the same level of protection.
A senior prosecutor, meanwhile, has filed criminal and misdemeanour charges against more than 40 people in central Greece allegedly involved in an operation selling vaccination certificates to people who have not received the shot.
It was the first time the serious criminal charges of participation in a criminal organisation and money laundering were imposed in a vaccination fraud case in GreeEvery year, I challenge myself to come up with one new pumpkin recipe to add to my growing collection.
Of course, I still enjoy the old stand-bys… but since I usually only bake with pumpkin in the Fall, I like to try sometime new each year.
My new pumpkin recipe for 2021 is something our family has officially named: “Double-High Pumpkin Pie” — mainly because it rhymes and the pie literally has 2 layers of pumpkin deliciousness!
The idea for this double-high pie came from an older woman at church.
As she told me about the “pumpkin mousse” she makes, and how it tastes really similar to a fluffy pumpkin pie, I thought, “I wonder if I could put pumpkin mousse on top of pumpkin pie?”
Three days later, I confirmed that pumpkin mousse + pumpkin pie was a really great combo!
I know it looks sort of fancy, but I promise it’s easy!
My family gave me 10 thumbs up on this recipe, and we are all eagerly anticipating Thanksgiving Day when we can enjoy my Double-High Pumpkin Pie again!
Of course, you don’t need to use a fancy piping bag for the mousse or the whipped cream — you can simply spread it on with a knife or spatula.
And if you really don’t feel up to baking a pie from scratch, just head to the store and buy a pre-made pumpkin pie and add the mousse topping at home to make it “double-high”. Keep in mind that if you buy a Costco pumpkin pie, you’ll want to make a double-batch of the mousse to assure you have enough for the entire pie!
Have I convinced you yet?
Here’s my recipe!
Double-High Pumpkin Pie
Your favorite pumpkin pie topped with a light and fluffy pumpkin mousse will make this double-high pumpkin pie a hit at your next holiday gathering!
Ingredients
FOR THE PIE
- 1 crust for a 9" pie (unbaked)
- 1/4 c. crushed pecans (optional)
- 15 oz. can pumpkin
- 12 oz. can evaporated milk
- 2 large eggs
- 3/4 c. granulated sugar
- 1 tsp. cinnamon
- 1/2 tsp. nutmeg
- 1/2 tsp. salt
- 1/4 tsp. ginger
- 1/4 tsp. cloves
FOR THE MOUSSE
- 1 c. canned pumpkin
- 1 pkg. instant vanilla pudding mix (4 serving size)
- 1/2 tsp. cinnamon
- 1 c. thawed whipped topping (not real whipped cream)
- Additional whipped topping to pipe around the edges
Instructions
- Preheat oven to 375ºF
- Make pie crust dough (or unroll store-bought dough)
- (optional) press crushed pecans into dough
- Place dough in a 9" pie plate, press the dough up the side of the pan, and "crimp" the top edge
- In a large bowl, mix all ingredients for the pie and pour into unbaked shell
- Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes
- Turn oven temp down to 350ºF and continue baking another 45-55 minutes, or until the middle is set
- Let pie cool completely at room temperature
- Refrigerate cooled pie (uncovered) for 4 hours, or overnight
- In a medium bowl, mix 1 c. canned pumpkin with dry pudding mix and 1/2 tsp. cinnamon.
- Fold in whipped topping and spread or pipe on top of chilled pie
- Add additional whipped topping around the edges
- Eat and enjoy! Or refrigerate for later.
Notes
This pie will stay fresh in your refrigerator for a couple of days if you want to make it ahead of time.
For a variation of this recipe, make YOUR favorite pumpkin pie and top it with the pumpkin mousse and whipped topping after the pie is chilled.
Alternatively, you can buy a pumpkin pie and simply add the mousse topping at home.
One note about the whipped topping, if you use real whipped cream, your mousse will deflate and get runny after a few hours... which is why I recommend using whipped topping (like Cool Whip).
Recommended Products
As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate programs, I earn from qualifying purchases.
Nutrition Information
Yield10
Serving Size1
Amount Per Serving Calories 488Total Fat 20gSaturated Fat 8gTrans Fat 0gUnsaturated Fat 11gCholesterol 48mgSodium 543mgCarbohydrates 73gFiber 3gSugar 49gProtein 7g
Nutritional information is approximate and does not account for additional ingredients or added toppings.
Let me walk you through the process visually…
My double-high pumpkin pie is such an improvement on traditional pumpkin pie without all that much extra work. The extra layer adds so much visual appeal and a super creamy texture that our whole family loves!
The optional crushed pecans in the crust also add depth of flavor and a nice crunch(no need to buy pecans if you don’t already have them in the house though.)
I’m so excited to make this pie again for my own family and for upcoming Thanksgiving parties. Then I’ll pack the recipe away again until next year.
More Pumpkin Recipes:
- Pumpkin Pie Delight Dessert (makes a big 9″ x 13″ pan)
- Cream Cheese Pumpkin Pie (sort of like cheesecakes meets pumpkin pie)
- Apple Butter Pumpkin Pie (the best of all Fall flavors)
- Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Muffins
- Cream Cheese Filled Pumpkin Bread
- All my Pie recipes
Let me know if you have questions regarding this recipe… and please feel free to leave links or full recipes of your favorite pumpkin desserts in the comments below!
Happy Baking!Antipasto literally translates as “before the pasta,” or more widely, “before the meal.” But with all of the different components, textures and flavors we are usually quite satisfied with this spread as our meal.
To me, this a great option for those of us with picky eaters in the house. Antipasto, although a very traditional dish can be composed of just about anything you like.
To keep some authenticity I follow these guidelines when shopping:
Cold Cuts (charcuterie) – sliced thin
Marinated Vegetables
Cheeses
Breads
Olives
1 thought on “Quick and easy dinner with tons of flavor… Antipasto Night!”
Light and tasty!Ian_Lee Posted January 9, 2004 at 09:05 PM Report Share Posted January 9, 2004 at 09:05 PM So far I have not come across any westerners dare try the thousand year egg. But a piece of marinated pink young ginger sticking with half piece of thousand year egg is the best appetizer per my taste.LGD-3104
Ships FREE to the contiguous US (lower 48)
Legend Fitness Multi-Purpose Bench - 3104
- Seat back angle is 15 degrees from vertical.
- Diamond plate foot rest.
- Bench Transport option available.
Description!
Shipping Weight: 155lbs.
Measurements: (LxWxH):45.5"X25"X42.5"
Legend Fitness equipment is made to order. Because of this process, you can specify your personal choice of 16 different frame colors and 87 upholstery colors. Lead time is typically 8-12 weeks.Overview
This article explains how to set up a rule to disable or send responses to any 'read receipt' requests in Microsoft Office 365 Mailbox.
Process
Follow these steps to disable:
- Log in into Microsoft Office 365 using the journal mailbox user account.
- Go to the Outlook tab.
- Select the Settings icon.
- Click Options.
- Click Settings.
- Under read receipts, select Never send a response.
- Click save.Sameer K Gandhi - Director, Crowdstrike Holdings, Inc
As of July 20, 2021
Sameer K Gandhi Net Worth
- Net worth is estimated to be at least $15.99M
- Owns at least 790,779 units of Crowdstrike Holdings, Inc stock
- Sold an estimated value of $13.14M in the last 2 years at Crowdstrike Holdings, Inc
Sameer K Gandhi Trading
- Largest purchase of shares was 650,000 units , worth over $22.1M on June 18, 2019
- Largest sale of shares was 24,200 units , worth over $5.42M on January 12, 2021
- In total has made about 17 transactions over 2 years
- Usually trades in July, with the busiest year in 2020
Sameer K Gandhi
Crowdstrike Holdings, Inc Executive Compensation
Source:
Crowdstrike Holdings, Inc Insider Trading
- The most recent transaction was 2,500 units sold on November 26, 2021 by Shawn Henry worth over $573.06K
- In the last 2 years, insiders at Crowdstrike Holdings, Inc sold an estimated value of $4.39B and bought an estimated value of $71.06M
- The most active traders are Gerhard Watzinger, George Kurtz, PRESIDENT AND CEO, and Shawn Henry, PLEASE SEE REMARKS
- Insider trading is most common in June, with the busiest year in 2020 – corporation which we know that this company also gives vehicles on rent and also for free trials. This company open their companies in North America Europe Latin America Africa Asia and all over 160 countries.
This company e has ranked 326 in the 2020 Fortuner list. The company was Bank corrupted on May 22 2022 because conditions of covid-19 all things have been stopped and suddenly all things have been closed because many people have tested positive. due to spread awareness of covid-19 pandemic situations the situation was going very bad so the government has decided to make all things close as on December 31st, 2020 the company has been Bank updated because they do not have any money to start their business again.
On 1st July 2021 as a result A that there is no any mi company related to this all stores have been Bank corrupted and close
When everything was good the owner of this company’ has design De to open the survey form with the help of the survey form you can easily e get the reviews of people you can easily find the form from anywhere it does not matter where are you.
The satisfaction form
as we know that the survey form is very important it is very important for employee as well as customer satisfaction also with the help of customer satisfaction form we can get different ideas and the view of people they can easily share their opinion with filling the online forms here we are going to explain how you can fill the form there is very easy step now let’s see what is the steps we are going to sharing with you keep in touch with us.
- First, you have to visit the official website of this company. After visiting the official website you have to click on the login page after clicking on the login page provide your user name and password. Keep in mind that this is a very important and very secure method.
- After that kindly go on my profile option there you will find that the survey form option is available kindly go and click there.
- Once you click there a survey form page will appear you have to fill the form step by step after filling the form time click on the Next button after that you can also give some suggestions if you want
- Whenever you provide some suggestion the company e will appreciate it and try to follow it also if it is necessary.
About home goods company.
Home goods are very famous and settle the largest company in the United States with more than 814 stores and have a large number of employees also which is 2000 employs the companies operate all the groceries and get a type of the different companies like T.J Maxx, sierra jewels and others company also decided to join them and all other companies so this is the largest company and deciding to expand their business in all over the world.
so here we have provided all the details related to the survey form and how you can fill the form and what the benefit you will get also I hope after that you don’t face any problem and easily fill the form you will always get a reward whenever you fill the form there is also a jackpot option available. If you are a lucky people then you will get a chance to win a jackpot gift hamper
I hope in this article I have provided all the details about the survey after that you can easily take a part in the survey and get the opportunity to win some gift in this blog I have tried my best to explain you in detail if you still want to get some knowledge than kindly feel free to contact with us we will reply you as soon as possible.
1. Is it safe to make shopping with these companies?
Yes you can easily shop through this company is very safe and also so we know that this is a big brand name of a furniture department I will I recommend to shop with this company because this is a very good and whenever you shop invest you will get some exciting offer also there is many new varieties of dining table show and furniture item available it is a big d and also having a lot of branches
2.Can I change or cancel the order after placing it?
Ans:- If the order is a dispatch from the company side then it is impossible to change the order. The order gets confirm sooner after placing it. The cancel of an order depends upon the status of the order. If you want to return the order then you have to give it to your local Goods shop as soon as you receive it. You can add something in the order if you want more products.
3.When do I get in contact with the customer care of the HomeGoods Survey?
Ans You can call customer care on 8004414440. The service is open from Saturday to Thursday from 9 am to 10 pm and Friday from 1 pm to 10 pm.
4.How does it take to complete delivery?
Ans:- The details of the delivery are e-mail to you after placing an order. The delivery partner sends you a tracking id so that you can track your order.
Related Tags:Advanced Search
IMPROVED STUDENT WRITING has long been agoal of Mapleton School District 32, as district scores onOregon’s yearly writing assessments have ranked consistentlybelow the state average. New writing goals were created fiveyears ago, accompanied by professional development for teachersto develop methods of bettering students’ writing skills. But allthe work was done with paper and pencil, and with little to showfor it, until the district turned to technology for help.
In 2006, Mapleton launched Writing Instruction Through Technology, a project supported by money from the state’s EETT fund. The influx of technology has sparked a new way of doing business in this small (180 students) rural school district off the coast of Oregon.
The percentage of fourth-graders who passed the statewriting exam jumped 50 points this past year.
Before the funding came through, many Mapleton teachers had workstations in their classrooms that were incompatible with the district server. The district’s one functioning computer lab was a dinosaur graveyard. Equipment was unreliable, outdated, and rarely used. When the grant was awarded, the Mapleton’s 18 classroom teachers received laptops and projectors, and each building was outfitted with a modernized computer lab. Digital cameras were made available to each staff member, and four individual classroom sets of 10 cameras apiece were available to teachers to check out and provide to their students for project work. Teachers received comprehensive professional development throughout the school year, to help them learn how to use the new tools as well as how to integrate them into instruction.
The new technology has generated what can fairly be called a writing metamorphosis in the district. Students are now completing writing projects that were not even imagined in the district only a few years ago. For example, first-graders are creating biographies of friends for which they take photos themselves and add text, sounds, and visuals that bring their work to life. Second- and third-grade students have mastered the tools of Kidspiration, a mind-mapping program from Inspiration Software, to organize their ideas and use in the creation of personal digital toolkits containing images, video clips, and text. The students use the materials gathered in their toolkits to make multimedia reports on content ranging from Native Americans to dinosaur investigations.
Book reports have also been transformed. For a novel she read, Katie, a fifth-grader, was required to complete traditional book report tasks such as plot summary, character analysis, etc. Rather than fill in a printed form, she used a digital camera to take pictures of the artwork she created for the report and to record her voice; she used the camera’s video capability to take clips of herself talking about her book. She imported her work into Windows Movie Maker to create a multimedia report infused with digital imagery, video, music, and sound.
“What really impressed me was Katie’s ability to multitask,” says her teacher, Sarah Timpe. “She actually made me feel like I am doing something right as her teacher in preparing her for real-world experiences.”
Digital cameras were also put to work by teacher Vern Eastburn’s sixth-graders, who used them to create oral histories of elder Mapleton area residents. The students used the cameras to record video, and iPods to capture audio, then edited their work with support programs such as Audacity and Movie Maker. The oral histories will be an asset to the newly formed Traveling Children’s Heritage Museum, which serves the district as a resource for acquiring and disseminating local history programs and activities.
Having just completed its second year, the Writing Instruction Through Technology initiative is already demonstrating a dramatic impact. For example, a year ago, only 25 percent of Mapleton’s fourth-graders met the benchmark levels on the state writing test. This year, that figure jumped to 75 percent. Technology has become a means of student achievement, and by using it effectively, the district has created a learning environment the equal of some of the finest Oregon schools.
Connie Eastburn is the elementary administrator and technologyproject director of Mapleton School District 32.
This article originally appeared in the 07We always do the job to be a tangible group making sure that we can provide you with the top top quality as well as ideal value for Polyester Board, Aluminized Pet With Pe , Wmp-Asj , Aluminium Foil Kraft Paper Laminate ,Pe Coated Aluminium Foil . We just not only provide the high quality to our customers, but more even important is our best service and the competitive price. The product will supply to all over the world, such as Europe, America, Australia,Rwanda , United Arab Emirates ,Colombia , Montpellier .Our Net Worth took a *huge* hit, but the Mrs. Saved us! And in reality the stats kinda make it look worse that it really is.
We’ve been saving and managing our money better than ever, but we decided it was about time to man up and accept the loss in home value now, rather than pretending it doesn’t exist and dealing with it later. (as you may have recently read).
It sure ain’t fun, but it’s all about keeping it “real” and tightening the grasp on your financial situation! Much easier to do in small doses, overtime, than with a powerful punch down the road. Plus if the market miraculously recovers, we’ll be able to enjoy the nice spikes in our total worth! But def. not holding my breath there ;)
You’ll also noticed we’ve added a cple new categories too, while ditching some older ones. We’re now tracking our Emergency Fund, Home Worth, and Mortgages – and we’re unloading Condo Investment, and Home Equity just because it doesn’t make sense anymore.
Here’s how Jan’s Net Worth breaks down:
CASH SAVINGS: Well that’s a nice jump! $11k extra certainly won’t hurt us. he he….although i’ll have to admit that at least $10k of that is earmarked for the Mrs. remaining grad school costs and “her portion” of the mortgage/house stuff – $1200/mo. This is the money we got from selling some of her oil stocks, as well as that Pay it Forward amount we got last year :) So in reality, it just prolongs the time where we need to pick up some side money to pay for our quality of life next year…but maybe by then i’ll be a professional blogger! (100% kidding).
EMERGENCY FUND (*New!): Yup, this used to be factored into our “Cash Savings” account, but I much prefer looking at it as it’s own category here :) Plus, it’s technically in a Money Market account anyways, which is close to cash, but not all the way ya know? And now that we’ve hit $10k between the two of us (she brought in $6k of it!) we’re @ a good stopping point.
ROTH IRAs: Up $4k! Thanks again Mrs. Budgetsaresexy ;) Her Roth is actually much better off than mine these days as it’s in a CD gaining a bit of interest every month, whereas mine dropped $2k in the last 2 years due to mutual funds tanking…but soon enough i shall have my glory!
401(k)s: Even WITH her extra $1k we still dropped a good $3,000. How crazy is this market, eh? Again, I’m still missing a good sized chunk of money that still hasn’t showed up here yet, but It may be a blessing in disguise as I’ll be able to pick up even MORE funds once it hits my account since they’re all so low. Definitely more fun last month though!
SAVINGS BONDS: Keep them dollars coming baby! (You can check out the breakdown here.)
CONDO INVESTMENT: Outta here! My brother paid me back the entire $1200+ loan, and we’re now all settled up. 1 for 2 in loaning my family money ain’t too shabby :)
AUTOS WORTH (kbb): Zero loss again for my pimpin’ Caddy ($3,595), and a first time checker-checker on the Mrs’ Toyota @ $10,610. Unlike her though, I still have around $1700 to pay off still. Hers is all paid off baby! (whew)
HOME VALUE (Zillow & Realtor) *New!: I ditched the “Home Equity” category and finally owned up and threw our home value and mortgages out there to show a more precise (and honest) picture of our finances. It really just made better sense doing it this way, and now I can track the 2 amounts closer and work on improving our situation!
As some of you know, I am now calculating our “Home Worth” by taking the average of what Zillow shows, and what our Realtor is saying he can get for us. This way I can still monitor the value every month through Zillow without bothering my Realtor every 4 weeks ;) Right now Zillow has it valued at $307k vs the est. $300k per Mr. Realtor. It sucks overall, but at least we already paid a good $10k off the original amount!….even if it WAS by accident.
CREDIT CARD (car loans): This amount is from buying my Caddy and selling my Highlander (i owed more than i sold it for) last year. While it’s technically ON my credit card, it’s really just a loan @ around 3% interest. No consumer debt whatsoever. And to keep on track with paying it off by May, I’m still applying my old $443 car payments (plus any other leftover amounts from my budget) towards the balance every single month!
MORTGAGES: 1st Mortgage @ $288,000 (30 year fixed, interest-only @ 6.875%), and the 2nd Mortgage a maxed out HELOC @ $62,818.15 with a measly 2.8% interest! The game plan is to start knocking away more of this now that the budget is back on track.
So welcome to our newly formed “Family Net Worth”! It took some time smashing them together, I won’t lie, but now it’s all in one sexy little spot (and will be much easier to update now). I finally did it! And it only took me 8 months after getting hitched ;)
—————–
*The sweet & sexy side bars have 2 Comments
What’s your opinion on our financial situation? It’s confusing, because you’d think we’re in good shape financially, but we do sometimes worry!
I have about 1.2 million in investments and savings (a mix of stocks, bonds, and annuities, and money markets). Our home, bought in 2007 for 950k is now probably worth about 875. (We live in a suburb ten miles outside NYC, where the housing bubble has burst, but homes in our town still sell quickly, and there are few foreclosures.) We have no mortgage. My parents give me a “gift” of 26k per year, tax-free. I also earn money from being a shareholder in a family company–about 50k/year, though that will end soon, as my parents are retiring and folding the company. (It is a small media company, so does not “produce” actual merchandise. It’s sale will not result in a huge influx of money.) My husband earns about 150k in his work, and has a 401k worth about 400k. (He also has a pension–he has worked at the same company for 25 years.) We have saved a total of about 200k in our kids’ college funds (429s)–they are 6 and 9 years old. We have no debt, except what is currently on our credit cards (we pay in full monthly). Our annual property tax bill is probably our biggest expense–16k per year.
I have a masters in education, but no longer teach. I previously was a writer and editor, and do occasional freelance work; I’ve also recently taught some college courses. I am currently writing a novel–something I’ve wanted to do my whole life.
My husband has an MBA and works in marketing.
Recently, we decided to splurge, and are taking 3 rather expensive vacations over the next 6 months, totalling about $13k.
We will be 50 in a few years.
So, what’s your view on our situation? Now that my youngest is in kindergarten, do you think I should go back to work full time? Or is it okay for me to indulge my writing dream, if only for a year or so? (I take a writing class and have been told my work is promising.)
Woah, well I can tell you this – it seems like you guys are on a most excellent track! Especially for a) not having any more mortgages, and b) having a decent net worth already saved up – well done :)
I’m certainly no expert here, but the first thing I thought when you said you wanted to write a novel was “GO FOR IT!!!!” Whether you had $5mil or $5 in the bank I would advise trying to fulfil your dreams :) Plus, your dream of writing a book could potentially even bring in income down the road, so in that case it would be Win-Win.
The nice thing about have an education – in education – is that you can always go back to it whenever you choose. Maybe you do it on the side, or maybe you start your own blog teaching others something, but you can do it at pretty much any point in your life. That is really important to know because it means you have options.
So what do I think? I think you both are doing an excellent job and you should pursue your dreams and be HAPPY :) What I will recommend though, just to be on the safe side, is to find a good financial planner in your town and set up an hour or two meeting to make sure everything is on track. It might cost you a cple hundred dollars (maybe less?) but THAT would be the ultimate way to lock down a true report on your finances. I seem to think like a 20-30 year old so my brain is a bit skewed when it comes to those in older situations :)
Regardless though, keep us updated on what you end up doing!!! And if you write that book, I would like to get a signed copy please :)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/24039373/gyi0062445794.0.jpg)
First of all, I want to wish everyone a happy Thanksgiving and a happy Hanukkah. As the holiday season starts, the baseball news starts to slow. If you think today's report is light, just wait until Friday when I'll bring you all the baseball news from today and tomorrow. Heck, I can bring it to you now:
OK, I'm sure I'll have something to write about. Maybe Brad Pitt will fly to Stephen Drew's house to ask him in person to sign with the Athletics. Because they apparently can't afford phones in Oakland, but they can afford plane tickets.
Don't worry. The winter meetings are coming.
- The Hall of Fame ballot for 2014 was announced yesterday and Al has already done a story on it. Dave Cameron looked at the ballot and called it "ridiculously crowded" with well over 10 players easily deserving induction.
- Of course, the problem with that is that voters are only allowed to vote for ten players. That means more than one deserving inductee will not get enough votes to be elected and maybe won't even get enough to stay on the ballot. Matthew Pouliot is concerned about this and suggests that a savvy voter will leave Greg Maddux off the ballot (because he'll have enough votes to go in anyway) and vote for Jeff Kent, a decent Hall of Fame candidate who might not even get 5% because of the crowded ballot.
- Pouliot also lists the 12 best players who qualified for the Hall of Fame ballot (ten years in the majors) but were left off the ballot. There's a couple of Cubs starters on the list with Jon Lieber and Steve Trachsel. Also, it looks like Pouliot got stuck working this week.
- As far as Maddux goes, Gabe Lacques says that he and Tom Glavine have a "perception advantage" (as well as a performance advantage) over other players in that they were thin and don't look like they took PEDs. When voters are refusing to vote for Jeff Bagwell and Mike Piazza, players who have never been connected to steroids, because they "looked like" they took them (or had "back acne," which proves nothing), that's the sad truth.
- Deadspin has announced that they have purchased a Hall of Fame vote. The terms were undisclosed and, of course, the person who sold his vote wishes to remain anonymous. But they have said their vote will be decided by a poll of their readers.
- Phil Rogers makes another pitch for Jack Morris and his 3.90 career ERA in his last season on the HOF ballot. I'm guessing it wasn't Rogers who sold his ballot to Deadspin. Although maybe he did and now he's trying to convince their readers to vote for Morris.
- The fallout from the Cardinals signing of PED user Jhonny Peralta continues. GM John Mozeliak defended the signing, saying that Peralta apologized for his actions and that the Cardinals are not the "morality police." Of course not. That's Brian McCann's job.
- Jerry Crasnick looks at the fallout from the Peralta signing and says that stiffer penalties for drug use are inevitable. However, how they get there and what they will be are still up for grabs.
- Craig Calcaterra says that Peralta didn't get a $52 million contract because he used PEDs, but rather because free agent contracts have gotten insanely high. Stiffer penalties won't change that, he argues. Other than a lifetime ban for a first offense, of course, but no one wants that.
- Cliff Corcoran thinks the Cardinals may be done making moves for the winter.
- The Yankees met with Robinson Cano's representatives this week. Cano has softened his demands slightly, but the two teams are still far apart.
- The Reds signed Skip Schumaker to a two year, $5 million contract.
- Jon Heyman thinks the Padres will trade Chase Headley this offseason.
- Could the Twins win a free agent battle with the Red Sox over Jarrod Saltalamacchia? It's very possible. The Rockies and Blue Jays are also rumored to be in on the catcher.
- Mark Saxon thinks the Dodgers made a good move signing Dan Haren.
- Prince Fielder says he "sucked" in 2013. He also will wear "84" with the Rangers in honor of the year of his birth. Some Tigers fans have taken it as a slam, thinking it refers to the last year the Tigers won the World Series. Jeez, if Cubs fans got angry with every ballplayer who wore the number eight. . . .
- Jay Jaffe tries to figure out what Shin-Soo Choo is worth on the open market.
- And then he does the same for Mike Napoli.
- From the Annals of Chutzpah: The Nationals want the taxpayers of D.C. to pay $300 million to put a roof on Nationals Park. This just a few years after they agreed to pay $700 million to build them the ballpark in the first place. I can imagine their answer. "Or what? You'll move to Montreal?" The Nats don't seem to understand the concept of leverage and how they have none here.
- The Athletics have come to an agreement to play two more season at the O.co Coliseum. I am not going to make a sewage joke. I've just grown weary of all this.
- David Price is a sexist pig. Jeremy Guthrie seems to be willing to risk Price's wrath.
- I've always maintained that Johnny Evers was a very underrated player and that he was the best of the "Tinkers-to-Evers-to-Chance" infield. Now you can read the book he wrote about baseball and understand why. I haven't gotten through it all yet, but the dude essentially invented UZR in the book.
- Finally, the Mets just had to ruin the holidays for everyone. A must-watch video. Or maybe a must-not-watch video.Halloween Safety
Kids!
- Dress in bright colours and use reflective tape.
- Use a flashlight. Stay in well-lit areas.
- Wear make-up. It's harder to see in a mask.
- Go down one side of the street and up the other. This limits the number of times you need to cross the street.
- Never go inside the home or car of someone you don't know.
- Stay on the doorstep or sidewalk.
- Have your parents check your treats before eating them.
Homeowners!
- Keep porch lights or external security lights on
- Keep doors clear and accessible and avoid decorations that are flammable or can pose a tripping hazard.
- Don't invite children inside your home.
- Only pass out commercially wrapped candy and snacks.
- Keep pets indoors, as they may be easily scared by children in costumes.Mysuru (Karnataka), Aug 28 | Karnataka Police have cracked the sensational shoot out and dacoity case that took place in Mysuru on August 23 and arrested six persons, the police said on Saturday.
The miscreants, who entered the Amruth Gold and Silver Palace in the pretext of customers, had closed the rolling shutter and robbed gold jewels. While escaping they shot a passerby youth Chandru in the head and killed him.
The incident had taken place in broad daylight in a crowded place on the main road and had shocked the city and the state. The police department came under fire from all directions in the backdrop of the case.
The police have obtained CCTV footage of the crime and formed five special squads to nab the culprits. The special teams travelled across various states of north India and tracked the dacoits.
The investigations revealed that two persons known to the victim, one residing in Mysuru and another in Bengaluru had given ‘supari’ to rob the jewel store in the backdrop of a business rivalry. The supari was given to the accused from north India.
Director General and IGP Praveen Sood stated that the special teams have travelled round the clock across various states of north India. The teams nabbed the accused from West Bengal, Bihar, Jammu and Kashmir and Maharashtra. The two persons were secured in Mysuru and Bengaluru on Friday.
The local businessmen who conspired the crime had criminal antecedents. They had served jail sentences and given ‘supari’ to loot the jewel store. The police department had announced Rs 5 lakh reward for the investigating team.
The accused arrested in various states will be produced before the local courts and then will be brought to Mysuru for further investigations, the police said.Top Rated Yellow Squash Recipes
Is your garden overflowing with zucchini and summer squash? This easy grilled zucchini recipe is the perfect light summertime side dish.This recipe is courtesy of French's.
Ribbons of raw summer squash are tossed with toasted pine nuts, salty feta, and a zingy citronette: warm weather salad perfection.This recipe is courtesy of Cookie and Kate.
Crowd-pleasing appetizers combine to create a delicious grilled bruschetta.Recipe courtesy of McCormick.
Serve this dish as a healthy side dish. It's a creative way to eat your vegetables and to get your fix of daily protein. Click here for 5 Healthy Holiday Recipes
While kids are usually adverse to vegetables, they're more likely to enjoy them when they've been given a little bit of a flavor treatment from a barbecue. Chef David Seigal of Chelsea's Table likes to grill his and serve them on a sandwich with a homemade goat cheese spread, and the kids really enjoy it.
Remy’s ratatouille is a delicately seasoned beautiful spiral of color, which makes the most of those summer vegetables.This recipe is courtesy of Smitten Kitchen.
5 Yellow Squash Recipes (Super Quick and Easy)
By: Garden Lady
Is your garden overrun by yellow squash this time of the year, and you find yourself wondering what to do with all that bountiful harvest?
You go online and search.
20 Yellow Squash Recipes and Ways to Use Up Summer Squash
This post may contain affiliate links. Read our disclosure policy here.
Each summer I compile a list of yellow squash recipes to address the abundance that a few squash plants can provide. Below is a list of delicious squash recipes created to help you use up your summer squash. Once we start harvesting squash it isn&rsquot long before I am working it into every meal and my husband and kids are chanting &ldquosquash for breakfast, squash for lunch, squash for dinner, munch, munch, munch&rdquo. It isn&rsquot quite that bad, but almost. 🙂_6<<
Yellow Squash Recipes that allow us to savor fresh picked squash:
Sautéed Squash with Onions Shelia at KnitsCooksCrochets prepares her yellow squash in a similar manner only she sautés her onions in butter instead of olive oil.
Breakfast Recipes with Yellow Squash:
Don&rsquot feel guilty sneaking squash into breakfast recipes. Desperate times call for desperate measures. You can also work summer squash into lunch with recipes like this Squash Calzone:
Summer recipes where the squash acquires more flavor from the recipe&rsquos other ingredients:
_10<<
What is your favorite yellow squash recipe or summer squash recipe?
About Alea Milham.
Yellow squash lemon bread is real good:
I am always looking for new recipes to try using my summer squash! Thanks for posting all of these great ideas!
Best Vegetable Recipes: 10 Easy Yellow Squash Recipes!
Share This Recipe.
Cut the stem ends off the squash and discard them, but keep the skin and the other end intact. Using a spiralizer, shred the squash into long strands, then cut them to a manageable spaghetti-like length before you cook them. Alternatively, draw a julienne peeler down the squash, making spaghetti-like strands. You can use a peeler to make thin, broader noodle-like slices as well. The spiralizer automatically removes the core, but if you use a peeler, stop just before you reach the seedy center.
Heat the olive oil or butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the squash noodles and garlic. Cook, stirring constantly,:
Thank you so much for stopping by! If you love fresh summer squash then I know you&rsquoll love this tried and true fried squash recipe.
Be sure to sign up for my weekly email newsletter so that you never miss a new recipe! You can also follow me on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest. I&rsquoll see y&rsquoall there!
The Perfect Yellow Squash Recipe!
What is a yellow squash?
The yellow squash is more commonly known as a summer squash. It&rsquos a curved squash variety that has a fat bottom and thinner or tapered top much like an elongated gourd. Yellow squash are mild and lightly sweet. They typically have more seeds in the flesh than other summer squash varieties like zucchini!
Do I need to peel the yellow squash?
Nope! The great thing about summer squash or yellow squash is that the skin will get soft and it&rsquos edible. You don&rsquot have to go through the hassle of peeling off the skin. If you are really feeling like you don&rsquot want the skin on you can remove it but I honestly don&rsquot bother doing that when prepping my yellow squash recipe ingredients.
Is this summer squash casserole an easy dinner recipe?
Absolutely. This recipe needs to bake for about 25 minutes to soften the squash and get everything nice and melty but it&rsquos quick to prep and doesn&rsquot require much maintenance once you pop it into the oven. You can set a timer and forget about it until it&rsquos time to pull it out.
Pair this yellow squash recipe with some grilled chicken breasts and you&rsquove got yourself the perfect dinner recipe done in no time!
This post contains affiliate links to products we recommend and use. You pay the same price but by using our links to shop you help make more great free recipes possible! Thank you!
Ingredients you will need to make this yellow squash recipe:
- 4 Cups squash, diced
- 1-2 Tbsp. olive oil
- ¼ Cup milk
- 1 Small onion
- ½ Cup plain Greek yogurt
- ½ Cup shredded cheddar cheese
- 2 Cloves garlic, crushed
- 1 Cup Panko bread crumbs for topping
- Salt and pepper to taste
You will also need a cutting board, a good sharp knife for chopping, and a casserole pan for baking this delicious yellow squash recipe.
Can I use other kinds of squash for this yellow squash casserole?
You can! I like to use the summer squash to make this recipe but you can use any color / kind of squash you want. Some of the tougher squash varieties might take longer to cook but you certainly adjust the recipe and incorporate any kind of squash you like. During the summer when zucchini and summer squash are plentiful in the garden I&rsquoll throw some of each in this recipe and it comes out great.
Remember some of the larger squashes will have more watery flesh so you&rsquoll end up with more liquid when cooking. Allowing the diced squash to release some moisture before baking will help avoid a watery casserole.
How to make a summer squash casserole:
- Dice squash and onion.
- Saute squash and onion in large saucepan, to keep calories down add just enough olive oil to keep them from sticking in pan.
- Cook until squash is soft and onion is translucent.
- Add garlic, and cook for 1 minute.
- Stir in Greek yogurt, milk, and shredded cheese.
- Transfer to baking dish or individual ramekins.
- Preheat oven to 375°
- Sprinkle top with Panko breadcrumbs for a delicious crunchy topping.
- Bake for 25 minutes or until top is golden brown.
Do you have other delicious recipes I can try at home?
I&rsquom so excited to share some of my other favorite recipes with you. It doesn&rsquot matter if you are looking for an indulgent chocolate dessert or something to drink, we&rsquove got you covered here at Cook Clean Then Repeat!
Yellow Squash Bundt Cake
Yellow Store Yellow Summer Squash
Yellow squash, like zucchini, is best stored in the fridge. While you might be tempted to wash it ahead of time, do not wash your yellow squash before storing it. Summer squash will last about 5-7 days in the fridge and 1-5 days on your counter while prepared squash usually lasts about one week. Keep this in mind if you are preparing any of your yellow squash for freezer or fridge prep meals.
Yellow summer squash is best stored in a plastic bag with a few holes to allow proper airflow. If you have the room, make sure that you store them in a vegetable crisper drawer to extend your summer squash’s shelf life.
Related Video
Made a "Lazy Quiche" by skipping the crust. Will definitely make it again and again.
I should add, I used a regular quiche dish as well. And baked it for 35 min. And it was perfect. Clearly some differences among other cooks' and their ovens so watch the baking time carefully.
I have traditionally made "white" quiches which are heavy on cheese/ricotta and less eggy. So I wasn't sure Iɽ like this quiche. But it is fantastic. Unlike the cheesier quiches, I would definitely serve this warm or hot. It simply tastes like cold eggs when served at room temp or cold. Followed the recipe exactly but I used a store bought rolled crust (did not pre-bake it) and it was still great. oh, I added some crumbled bacon to top of batter before putting in the oven. I wouldn't recommend that, as the bacon was a small amount but the flavor was a tad over powering.
This is my favorite quiche recipe. Everyone I shared it with loved it as well. I am looking forward to making it again. I used zucchini because the yellow squash at the store didn't look so great, but otherwise I followed the recipe exactly and it was perfect!
I made this with store bought crust in a regular quiche pan. Otherwise according to directions- this is the best quiche I have ever had. Highly recommended!
I made it exactly as written making sure to use the tart pan suggested. It was perfectly done after 35 minutes and tasted great. The only problem I had was some of the filling leaked from the bottom of the pan. Good thing I have something in my oven to catch messes.
Absolutely delicious! I was a bit concerned by some of the reviews, but it turned out beautifully. It did require about 55 minutes before setting. Also, I bumped up the salt to a full teaspoon for the filling & used about 3/4 teaspoon hot sauce. Used fresh mozzarella (as if there's another type).
Good recipe. Mine was not cooked in the middle for 35 minutes. Should cook for an hour.
Bumped up the mozzarella to about a whole cup, and split it evenly between grated smoked mozzarella and the kind from the deli that grates like cottage cheese. Result was reviewed by my crew as the best quiche--certainly vegetarian--that theyɽ ever had. I even copped out and used prepared roll-out crust, didn't matter, it was awesome.
I did not make this exact quiche but I did use the pie crust recipe. I initially thought: how can this really be any good? I used 2/3 shortening and 1/3 butter and it was tasty and flaky. I did fridge it for an hour but did not freeze it after molding to the pan. Didn't seem to matter. I did prebake it by only for about 15 minutes with pie weights. I did not wait for it to cool completely - it was quite warm when I put the other ingreds in and baked. We loved the crust!
Love this recipe. It is very easy and tasty. One Quiche will feed my family of 6 with leftovers.
Very very good! Threw some ham on top just before putting it into the oven. Very nice.
I used small sunburst and patty pan squash because that is what my husband is growing in the garden, I will add more squash next time. I used 4 eggs and buttermilk and basil along with the thyme. I made the crust which takes some time but it is delicious. We loved the quiche and will make it again.
Delicious! I added chopped ham & sauteed Vidalia onion and only used 3 eggs. It was great. Will definitely make this again.
I encourage you to serve this warm (heated up later is fine). At room temperature, it tastes like nothing much. Warm, it is delicious and flavorful. Highly recommend
Not my favorite quiche recipe. Unlike some of the other cooks, I found the egg to cream ratio to be alright, but I would definitely double the cheese. I subbed swiss and gruyere for mozzarella and bumped the total to 1c, but it still wasn't nearly enough. I also added leeks and mushrooms, but I think adding water chestnuts would have vastly improved it.
This dish is excellent - I made the following changes -- I used zuchinni, summer squash and mushrooms -- cooked in butter and olive oil with a few cloves of garlic, some marjaram and thyme. I only used 4 eggs and substituted plain soy milk for the cream. it turned out beatifully.
i would make this dish again (i.e. squash quiche) but with a LOT of changes. 1) the recipe is totally wrong about times required for the various stages of cooking. i had to cook the squash initially for about 3 times as long as it called for. also, it took much longer to bake. 2) the mozzarella is a bit bland -- iɽ add some parmesan or perhaps replace the whole with aged gouda and more of it. 3) the-egg-to-other-stuff ratio is off. iɽ try reducing the eggs to three or four. 4) more thyme. 5) more salt. 6) more pepper. on the other hand, the crust recipe is off the hook. delicious and super easy and no icky vegetable shortening. this one is a keeper.
Wow! This was my 1st time making quiche and this recipe was great. My husband liked it so much he brought leftovers to work. I did make a few substitutions but in general I think it is a good base recipe to start with. I didn't have enough fresh thyme so I added some fresh basil too, used 1/2 and 1/2 instead of cream and used spinich and mushrooms instead of squash. I also used a store bought whole wheat pie crust to save time. We ate it with a tossed green salad and rosemary french bread. Will definitely make again.
Thanks, NY, for the spinach suggestion -- I tried it, and it's really great. Used store-bought crust & regular pie pan (as opposed to tart pan - I always make a mess when I try that). Yum. Making it again tonight w/ squash from my neighbor's garden.
Actually more than 3 forks, this was the creamiest quiche I ever tasted. Yellow squash seemed like it would be bland so I used zucchini instead. Followed the recipe except added parmesan cheese with the mozzerella. Didn't use the dough, maybe when I have more time. Got raves from family and had no leftovers. Going to try adding spinach and mushrooms next. Most definately will make again and again.
Yum, yum. and I don't even like eggs! I used a store-bought pie crust, yellow squash and broccoli (from a friend's garden), fresh eggs (only 3), and my own fresh thyme. I didn't have the mozzarella, so I substituted parm. & feta. I also used ground cayenne pepper instead of hot sauce, and 1/2 & 1/2 instead of cream (almost sounding like a different recipe, huh. ) Anyway, it was DELICIOUS -- much better than I expected (and I couldn't really taste the eggs).
Loved this. Didn't find it bland or lacking in flavor at all. Did use a little more cheese and salt then called for in the recipe. Used a store bought pie crust to save time. Wonderful.
I cut the filling down by 25% to compensate for using a frozen 9-inch deep dish Pillsbury Pet-Ritz pie crust. I did use 5 eggs, instead of 4-1/2, and only about 1/2 of the required salt. Sprinkled a light layer of canned Parmesan cheese on the bottom of the crust before adding the squash. For my smaller recipe I did use a cheese mixture of 3 oz. (by weight) of freshly grated Mozzarella and 2 Tbs. of crumbled Feta (that I had on hand). Put the quiche on a foil-lined pizza pan. I was shocked that it did not boil over!! After 35 minutes in the oven it was nice and brown, but the center was not set. So I covered it with foil, except the very center, and baked it another 10 minutes. A real YUM YUM with a green salad. Since this frozen crust is quite sweet, one could easily substitute zucchini or Mexican squash for the crookneck. I cannot imagine using butternut squash, as it would be SO sweet.
This was very rich and I thought it was pretty good, but kind of bland. My friends at brunch however, thought it was great. Next time I make it, I think I'll add a little more hot sauce and maybe a zestier cheese.Drive-Thru COVID-19 Testing Available in the NRV
The New River Valley Public Health Task Force will hold ongoing drive-thru COVID-19 testing sites on Tuesday, June 9 from 12 p.m. to 2 p.m. at Giles High School, 1825 Wenonah Ave. in Pearisburg. If you have questions about COVID-19 or wish to request an appointment for testing at these sites, call the New River Health District’s COVID-19 public health call center at 540-267-8240.
PRESS RELEASE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE June 5, 2020
For More Information, Contact:
Robert Parker, public information officer, Western Region, robert.parker@vdh.virginia.gov
DRIVE-THRU COVID-19 TESTING CONTINUES NEXT WEEK
IN PEARISBURG AND BLACKSBURG
— Services are by appointment only —
(CHRISTIANSBURG, Virginia) – The New River Valley Public Health Task Force will hold ongoing drive-thru COVID-19 testing on Tuesday, June 9 at Giles High School, 1825 Wenonah Ave. in Pearisburg, and on Thursday, June 11 at Blacksburg High School, 3401 Bruin Lane in Blacksburg. Both sites will operate from noon to 2 p.m. These sites are closed to the public. ONLY those individuals with a letter of authorization from the Virginia Department of Health’s New River Health District will be allowed access to the sites, and only by appointment.
“We have administered more than 3,500 COVID-19 tests since broad community testing began nearly two months ago,” said Noelle Bissell, M.D., director of the New River Health District. “Testing is important to monitor cases as we enter phases of re-opening, so we can investigate, trace the contacts of those infected and mitigate the spread of illness. Remember that the best protection for each of us comes from personal precautions, including hygiene and social distancing. That’s how you protect yourself and those around you.”
If you have questions about COVID-19 or wish to request an appointment for testing,.
“The task force has created a mobile, flexible and scalable testing engine that can be deployed across the New River Valley, and it has helped us prevent COVID-19 from overloading our hospitals or compromising our public safety systems and services,” said Blacksburg Police Chief Anthony Wilson.
To lower the risk of spreading respiratory infections, including COVID-19, the Virginia Department of Health encourages everyone to:
- Stay home as much as possible, especially if you are at higher risk of serious illness. 10 people.
For the most accurate and up-to-date information online, visit,, and.
# # #
MEDIA NOTES:
News media access is not available at Giles High School on Tuesday.
News media access to Blacksburg High School on Thursday is available ONLY by advance request and appointment. Access will be escorted, for the purposes of photography and videography from a distance. These measures are necessary to ensure patient privacy and operational security.
For more information and to request news media access, contact Robert Parker, public information officer, Virginia Department of Health, Western Region, robert.parker@vdh.virginia.gov.Laurie-Ell Bashforth
it's a beautiful day in the neighbourhood
Updated: Mar 16, 2020
A couple of weeks ago while my husband was heliskiing, I got comfy on the couch, with a big bowl of popcorn that I didn't have to share, got the dog at my feet and I watched "A Beautiful Day In The Neighbourhood". A sweet movie about Fred Rogers.
Does anyone else remember watching Mr. Rogers? As a little girl I didn't understand what was happening to me while watching it, but as an adult watching the make believe movie version I now see that I was being infused with kindness and love, and emotional awareness. Just watching brought a touch of zen into my living room. There's one part in particular that, quite frankly, I don't want to get out of my mind. It's the coffee shop scene.
Mr. Rogers and the reporter, who's writing an article about him for Esquire magazine, are sitting across from each other in a coffee shop. The reporter is on the fence about this guy in front of him. Is he for real? No one can be this good, right? It's gotta be for show? As the reporter reaches for his fork, Mr. Rogers looks carefully at him and in that soft sing songy voice says, "Before we eat, let's just take 1 minute to think about all the people who loved us into being. 1 minute." He closes his eyes and rests in that thought. The reporter guy is a little shocked and looks uncomfortable.
Whoa, things just got heavy.
He starts looking around, checking to see if anyone notices. What he sees, and hears, is that everyone in the coffee shop has stopped and bowed their heads to do the same. It's quiet for 1 minute. Then it gets noisy and they eat their meal and drink their coffee . The end. No way man. The movie continues and does its thing. But that deliberate thought, think about the people who loved you into being, is powerful, and delightful, and so wondrous that I won't let it go. I want it to stick with me like honey I can't get off my fingers.
Think about the people who loved you into being.
In a catholic school I had the privilege to be able to tell my students that they're here because God whispered the thought of each and every one of them into their parents ear. They were loved before and they are loved now.
You were loved before, and you are loved now. We're literally loved into being with all the right things that had to happen before us and to us. We're formed into this person that we are, now, today, in this moment, by the village it takes to raise us.. Because love makes love..
Who would have thought that this 1 minute reflection from this little movie could be such a muse for our life?
Take what you need, and leave the rest xo
All my love and appreciation,
Laurie-EllSkip Nav Destination
Close Modal
Update search
NARROW
Format
Subjects
Date
Availability
1-1 of 1
Follow your search
Access your saved searches in your account
Would you like to receive an alert when new items match your search?
Sort by
Proceedings Papers
The Use of Downhole Drilling Parameters Combined With Surface and Downhole Mechanical Specific Energy Data Helped Identify Under-Reamer Dysfunctions in GoM Deepwater Projects
Publisher: Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE)
Paper presented at the SPE Deepwater Drilling and Completions Conference, October 5–6, 2010
Paper Number: SPE-137139-MS
Abstract
It is well known in the industry that drilling and under-reaming can be very demanding. Destructive vibration is one of the main concerns, especially when drilling through interbedded formations. In today’s Gulf of Mexico (GoM) deepwater market, in order to reach greater depths and overcome narrower operational mud window, well construction design typically accounts for multiple casing strings, thus the use of concentric under-reamers has become almost mandatory. In the last three years, much work has been done by service companies and operators to better understand bit and reamer synchronization along with bottomhole assembly (BHA) design and modeling. These are essential aspects for successful under-reaming runs although, in some applications, severe vibration still prevails. When that happens with an under-reamer in the BHA, it is hard to identify whether the source of vibration is the bit, the under-reamer, the BHA, drilling parameters, or a combination of all. A solution for the problem is elusive since, in many cases, the source has yet to be identified. The use of downhole drilling dynamics data along with downhole drilling parameters, measured and transmitted in real time by a specialized drilling optimization tool, in combination with the proper use of surface and downhole mechanical specific energy (MSE) data has proven to be effective for identifying under-reamer’s drilling dysfunctions, which could not be identified solely with the use of surface drilling parameters. This paper will present GoM deepwater project case histories where the use of the downhole drilling data optimization process was used in both real-time and post-well analysis. Emphasis will be on how the data was analyzed and how the learning’s were applied to optimize the operations and improve performance.
Product(s) added to cartClose Modal
AdvertisementSENIOR coaches leaving the coach's box to speak to umpires during the game is not a good look for the game, according to Ross Lyon.
During Sunday's Fremantle-Greater Western Sydney clash at Domain Stadium, Giants coach Leon Cameron twice left the box to run down to the bench to speak to emergency umpire Nathan Williamson.
Cameron said he was seeking clarification on some of the decisions made during the game to give feedback to his coaches and players.
Lyon said he understood how a coach could be led to that situation but he did not think it was something senior coaches should be doing.
"I don't think it's ideal," Lyon said post-match.
"Leon would have his motives for that. But I don't think it's a great look for the game.
"We all get frustrated on different weeks. I understand the frustration.
"But Leon's a really good person. He can do whatever he likes, ultimately. But I don't think it's something we should encourage."
WATCH: Ross Lyon's full post-match media conference
Cameron admitted he did get frustrated at some of the decisions during Sunday's match and said he would follow up with the AFL's umpiring boss Wayne Campbell on Monday.
"I just had to clarify a couple of things," Cameron said.
"It's one of those things, it's a frustrating game and I was frustrated at the time about a couple of things.
"But it ebbs and flows, it goes against you at times. I'll chase it up with Wayne Campbell tomorrow."
Cameron said he needed to clarify some of the decisions in order to help his team.
"We're a young side and we clearly, at times, struggle in terms of winning the free kick count because of some of the areas that we need to get better at," Cameron said.
"That's OK, it's all good.
"I'll take a look at the tape tonight and chat with Wayne tomorrow or Tuesday just to clarify a few areas."North Carolina & Solar Energy
Making the power of the sun accessible to North Carolinians
Clean energy is booming in the United States but in North Carolina the restriction on production and sales of solar energy is making the decision to go solar very difficult.
North Carolina is only 1 of 6 states in this country that prohibits 3rd party sales of solar energy. In North Carolina homeowners have to pay out of pockets for their solar panels. Paying for private solar panels is very expensive and out of reach for many private homeowners and business since it is equivalent to purchasing all your electricity upfront for about the next 30 years. On top of this large personal investment North Carolina homeowners then don't get the option to purchase the energy their solar panels produced without going through regulated utility companies like Duke Energy.
In other states a 3rd party company pays homeowners to lease their land or rooftop to install solar panels on their property. The company installs and maintains the solar panels. In exchange the homeowner enters into a long-term agreement for energy that is usually sold to them at less expensive rate than the local energy company. However, in North Carolina this is prohibited and only big regulated monopolies like Duke Energy get to sell to customers.
Don't you think solar energy companies deserve a fair and open market to sell their product?
North Carolina Solar Facts
There are currently more than 213 solar companies at work throughout the value chain in North Carolina,employing 5,950 people.
In 2015, North Carolina installed 1,140 MW of solar electric capacity, ranking it second nationally. Installed solar capacity in North Carolina has grown by 187% over the last year.
In 2015, $1.689 billion was invested on solar installations in North Carolina. This represents a 159% increase over the previous year, and is expected to grow again this year.
The 2,294 MW of solar energy currently installed in North Carolina ranks the state third in the country in installed solar capacity. There is enough solar energy installed in the state to power 245,000 homes.
Over the next five years, North Carolina is expected to install 3,479 MW of solar electric capacity, ranking the state third over that time span. This amount is more than 2 times the amount of solar installed over the last five years.
Installed solar PV system prices in the U.S. have dropped steadily- by 12% from last year and 66% from 2010.
Growth in solar is led by falling prices
Several large retailers in North Carolina have gone solar, including Verizon, SAS, and IKEA. Apple has installed one of the largest corporate photovoltaic systems in the state with 20,000 kW of solar capacity at their location in Maiden
Information, facts, and graphics cited from:
SEIA- Solar Energy Industries Association
North Carolina Chapter of the Sierra Club
Visit our North Carolina Chapter of the Sierra Club website by clicking the link below for even more information on solar energyWeb Development | Guidelines
The following Design Guide is applicable to all products and/or services undertaken by Digital Infinity (PTY) Ltd
A Guide to Design a Website:
Overview
Designing and development of your website is a way to express your business visually and informatively to new and existing customers. This is exciting and best when undertaken in a fun and creative way, notwithstanding the seriousness of using your website as a marketing and commerce platform.
It is important to remember that communication to customers via your website is not an interpersonal experience, but that the tone of the experience the customer has with the website needs to correlate with any personal experience the customer may have with you and your staff as a result of the website. Continuity is often overlooked. Realise that the website is an extension of your business and not a replacement thereof.
After all, even with technology (created by humans) doing the work for us, e-commerce still is a human experience.
As clear as possible, stipulate your reasons for having a website. Designers and developers are able to do almost anything and more with technology today, but obviously still can’t read minds…
These are the obvious reasons for having a website:
- To interest customers and gain their confidence in your brand, products and/or services on both a local and international platform;
- To gain precious time in your business, allowing customers to inform themselves about your brand, products and/or services in a logical consequential manner, including all related options thereto;
- Exclude all the unnecessary explanations and negotiations in transactions by including all legal requirements, and terms & conditions of consequence in transacting with your business.
When you know what, why and who you want your website for, together we can start working on how to achieve it.
Hosting
If you understand all the hosting technical terms, then pick a package that will suit your current and projected needs for at least a year.
If you need help with hosting services, have at least a clear indication of the movement of traffic and content you expect on your website.
Written Content
All the words in the world will not be enough, and too little or poorly written information won’t get the customers attention either.
Write only what is necessary to hold the reader’s attention, and opt for read more or technical specification buttons.
Client Supplied Written Content Requirements
- Written content must be supplied in digital format, in a commonly used document software application, such as MS Word, Google Docs, PDF, or as a simple text file.
- Acceptable file extensions are: .doc; .docx; .gdoc; .pdf; .txt
- Other file extensions may be acceptable and convertible, but features can be lost if the written content formatted text is applicable.
- Formatted text is considered as the layout and display of written content (font, size, effect, paragraph styles, spacing, bullets, numbering etc.).
Layout and Navigation
Headings, titles, stories, descriptions, tag lines and sales techniques are all condensed into a website. Think how your product and/or services are sold successfully now, and lay it out as a visual process.
Navigation of your website is determined by it all. So don’t over complicate things with detailed instructions and multiple selections for the user to get around. Designers will assist you with the latest trends and ease of use, but ultimately it is what you choose to communicate and how. Our advice: chronological, intuitive, and reliable.
Not every website starts with an ‘About us’ page, or even has a ‘Home’ page. Successful websites follow the nature of their business. Your designer/developer knows this, but he/she/they don’t know your business. You have to sell to the customer, and determine what it is your need in order to do so, and in what sequence. Our expertise lies in knowing how to design and develop from your vision a website with visual efficiency, ease of navigation, effective communication, secure transacting, and technological compatibility.
Obviously you may look to the industry leaders and follow their trends, or dare to be different and stand out from the crowd.
We are however, like business consultants, exposed to such a wide spectrum of industries, that we can often advise on the workings of your industry, but would never divulge information or intellectual property from our other clients.
Typical pages may include
- Home – The landing page, meaning the page that will be displayed first when a user accesses your website. It doesn’t have to be called home, but this is the industry norm as to standardise navigation. This is your first message to the customer – the billboard of the website.
- About us – Often this is included on the homepage, but if you have a lot to say or a story to tell, it usually is done on a separate page.
- Products – Depending on your type of business, this should be named accordingly for example “Courses”, “Events”or “Services”. To un-clutter the menu if you intend on having several pages, use categories of products/services, or a “Categories” page with sub-headers.
- Portfolio or Gallery – Preferably, only one of these should be opted for. Galleries are just a display of images with perhaps short descriptions for the images if they aren’t self explanatory. Portfolios are detailed success stories of projects, customers, products like artwork, and usually have several pictures linked to one success stories, or links to external websites.
- Contact us – Stick to using the term “Contact” on this page. It’s a must have for any website. Further down in this document described under Contact Information and Maps
- More suggestions are FAQ (Frequently asked Questions), Newsletters, Blogs, Partners, Directories, Pricing, Info, Disclaimer, T&C, or anything you need.
Fonts
Often your company brand and/or logo already contains a set font. We advise that this font be used, and only variations thereof. If your company and/or brand does not have a uniquely created font, then best to find a free font (Google fonts are our recommendation due to their compatibility on different platforms).
You may specify the fonts and font effects, but keep in mind the designer may have to alter these if and when needed to achieve compatibility with the widest range of browsers and devices.
Client Supplied Font Requirements
- Font files must be supplied in digital format if it is a custom font, or referenced if it is an open source font.
- Acceptable file extensions are: .ttf; .otf
- Other file extensions may be acceptable and convertible, but we can not ensure that it will display correctly on all browsers.
- More than one font is acceptable, but no more than 4 is practical and will be considered.
Photo- and other Graphic Images
Graphic images are considered as the logo, artwork, icons, wallpaper, or anything not a photograph, but in an image file format. There is a lot of useful free images available on the internet, so you can save yourself a lot of money if you have the time to browse through millions of images. We do however offer graphic design services at a cost should you need anything more professional, unique and of higher quality.
Photographic images are photographs/pictures and videos in digital format. The use of video on a website other than via an external link (like youtube), requires very specific details – please refer to your designer.
With both graphic images and photographs it is important to keep in mind the average speed of the internet connections your target market has access to. Having a high resolution website that takes too long to download on any device, will not serve your business.
However, supply the designer with the best quality image files as it is possible to convert a large pixel/DPI file to work and display properly on your website, but not vice versa (low quality will always remain low quality).
Consider the amount of images you intend for your website carefully. Although easy enough for your designer to upload, conversions and editing of images and pictures are time consuming and costly if you don’t have your image files standardised.
Client Supplied Photo- and Graphic Image Requirements
- All graphic image files must be supplied in digital format. There are three categories of image files, namely: static, transparent and animated. Ensure the correct file format for how you intend the image to be used.
- Acceptable file extensions are: .png; .jpg; .jpeg; .bmp
- Photographic image files must be supplied in digital format.
- Other file extensions may be acceptable and convertible, but we can not ensure that it will display correctly on all browsers.
- Pixels for image file should not be less than 700X700 nor exceed 2000X2000 pixels (in both instances width X length indicates the maximum and not the relation of width to length).
- Resolution for images should be no more than 300 DPI. 72 DPI is what is typically used on websites. For example an image file with maximum 2000X2000 pixels at 72 DPI, will still display adequately on most devices and browsers.
Pixels and DPI shortly explained:
Pixels refer to the image size of a screen in terms of the amount of dots it will display. Modern technology allows users to change this on computers, laptops, cellular phones and more, but these are limited to the actual size of the screen and the technology literally behind the screen. So it is safe to say, unless your users have high definition big screen monitors, the biggest pixel setting you should ever need for a website is 1920X1080 (current statistics show only 1% of worldwide users uses larger screens).
DPI (dots per inch) is like pixels the amount of dots, but more so refer to the display of the image itself. So think of the distance users and their internet equipment interact with – it is fairly close, so the amount of dots per inch needed for your images needs to be reasonable dense. If the dots were far apart the image will display distorted over a short distance (pixelated).
Specified Colours
Specified colours in the creation of graphic images for the Client, must be supplied in Pantone or CMYK values. This is also acceptable specification for use on the website.
The colours that can be specified by the client for the website design can be for use of written content, the different types of fonts, headings, frames for images, webdings, buttons, backgrounds, menus, basically everything can be specified individually or collectively in colour schemes. Choosing your business’ image colours are recommended to start with, and if you do not know how to specify them in any of the context describe below, we are able to determine them from high digital images for you.
Please remember the colour(s) will be set correctly on the website platform, but the display thereof is entirely up to the settings of the devices used to access the website.
Client Supplied Specified Colours Requirements
- For creation of graphic image colours must be supplied in Pantone or CMYK.
- Acceptable website design colour specifications are: RGB; Hexadecimal Colour Code (#); Pantone; CMYK
- Alternatively supply a high quality digital graphic image for us to determine the applicable colour codes.
- Other specifications may be acceptable and convertible, but we can not ensure that it will display correctly on all browsers.
True Colour (24-bit RGB) explained:
All colour coding is basically specified according to the combination of its red, green and blue components (the primary colour wheel), each represented by eight (computer) bits. Thus, there are 24 bits used to specify a computer colour, and 16,777,216 colours that may be so specified because of the range of values each of the primary colours can represent (0 to 255 in decimal notation) – (0) represents the least to (255) the most intensity each of the colour components display.
E-commerce and Products
Depending on your range of products and method of selling and delivering products or services, the requirements can vary drastically. Please refer to our “E-Commerce Specifications” ().
Contact Information and Maps
Exposing yourself to millions of potential customers you need to ensure they can contact you if needed and clearly indicate when you are available (business trading hours). Not all businesses operate from a specific site such as an office or store, so only include what is relevant to your business.
Billions of people use Google Maps to find things, and especially for navigation on mobile devices. If you have not already placed your business on Google Maps, we can do it for you. A lot of associated Google products can enhance your website’s accessibility (like Google Analytics), and again if you don’t want to register or manage that aspect of your site, we can do it on your behalf at a cost.
Placing a map on your website or link to your mapped location is another navigational function assisting your customers to remain on your website. Commonly included on the contact page, but it doesn’t have to be.
Social Media
Websites may include social media (like facebook, twitter, LinkedIn etc.) as news streaming, live chats, handling queries and FAQ’s (Frequently Asked Questions) to mention just a few. Although common practise these days, ensure you are doing it for the right reasons and are able to support the flood of information, which may be both positive and negative.
Responsibility and registration of any such accounts and maintenance thereof lies solely with the owner of the website. You only need to indicate whether or not you want to include social media on your website and where. The designer will assist you with how these can function in respect to the website.
Legal Requirements
Most of us are barely understanding the Terms and Conditions of our own businesses as drafted by lawyers, skip past all the T&C and disclaimers of of all the ‘apps’ we are downloading to our phones, and trust financial institutions to abide by the law we never read.
If that doesn’t sound like you, then you will have understood and already prepared such documents. If not, this time you might want to read on.
Website terms and conditions are required to structure the legal relationships between the website operator and user. More detailed, it grants users rights to use website materials and imposes acceptable use and legal disclosure obligations; explain warranties; and disclaim liabilities of use of the website.
There are many more documentation, like website disclaimer, copyrights notice, cookies policy, privacy policy or statement. It is possible to include most of these in one document which will typically be the terms and conditions. Digital Infinity may be able to assist or refer you to obtain such documentation, but is not a legal advisor and recommend you seek professional legal advice in drafting these documents specific to your business and jurisdiction.Getting a fresh start is one of the most valuable blessings in life.
Utilize your fresh start for good, and create the life that you want and dream to live.
Start your New Path of Life
Life After Incarcertion Program
There is no better feeling than that of personal fulfillment and accomplishment.
Join our Life After Incarceration Program today and discover your inner value.
I cannot tell you how big of a difference the Life After Incarceration Program changed my life and perspective of myself.
I would highly recommend this program to anyone who has been though this life changing event.
-Tom G.
If you don't Invest in your Future Success... Who Will?
What will your Future look like?
You have the power to choose.
Invest in Your Future Success
Step 1: Re-Entry & Personal Development Program
12 classes (3 months) on personal development after Incarceration.
Step 2: Financial Independence
6 classes (3 months) for the Financial classes
Step 3: Apprenticeship Program
1st year provided.
On the Job Training
Plus Additional Classes
One day we’ll pay tribute to Scanners or Shivers, before this time comes get this beauty.
THE RAVE ZONE forest tee - Screen print on the front
100% cotton - 200g/m2Screen printed in France.
Free Shipping: FRANCE over 90€ - EUROPE over 150€ - REST of the WORLD over 200€NYCIM Approach Featured in Dave Asprey’s Bulletproof Radio Podcast […]
Leave a ReplyWant to join the discussion?
Feel free to contribute!Country reports 513 new confirmed cases; 817 recoveries
A total of 513 new cases of COVID-19 were detected in the country in the past 24 hours. This was revealed in 6,931 samples tested including 4,972 through RT-PCR and 1,959 Antigen tests, according to the Ministry of Health and Population.
With this, the number of the COVID-19 infected people reached 808,534. Likewise, 817 infected ones recovered during the same period, taking the total number of recoveries to 786,630. The recovery rate stands at 97.2 per cent. Meanwhile, 8 people succumbed to COVID-19 in the past 24 hours.
With this, the death toll due to corona virus reached 11,345 in the country. The case fatality rate is 1.4 per cent. Currently, the total number of active cases is 10,559. Also today, altogether 63,074 people were vaccinated against COVID-19. So far, 15,203,585 doses of vaccine have been administered with 8,605,055 receiving the first dose and 6,598,530 receiving the full doses, the Ministry said.#corona in nepal
Your CommentSwiftish: A Taylor Swift Podcast
We Stand With Taylor
Shelby and Ashley unpack the series of events surrounding Scott Borchetta selling Big Machine to Scooter Braun as they address Taylor’s essay, celebrities’ reactions, and what it means for Taylor Swift’s legacy, easter eggs, and Lover coming so soon.
Brought to you by Shelby and Ashley of Swiftish: A Taylor Swift PodcastIndigenous Affairs Minister Nigel Scullion has defended giving a $1.4 million grant to a non-indigenous company which employs Country Liberal Party president Ron Kelly.
North Australian Remote Management Consultants was given the taxpayers' money through the Indigenous Advancement Strategy, a fund to improve the lives of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people.
"I stand by every dollar and every cent of the IAS funding I have approved," Senator Scullion told parliament on Thursday.
"Every grant IAS grant has been made in accordance with IAS guidelines."
The minister said NARMCO gave accounting and business advice to indigenous businesses, but confirmed he issued them a show-cause notice over Mr Kelly's potential conflict.
"I have been at lengths to ensure those processes are followed to the letter," Senator Scullion said.
That didn't satisfy Labor NT senator Malarndirri McCarthy who vowed to keep the pressure on the minister over the grant.
"I'll continue to ask the minister why grants around the Indigenous Advancement Strategy are provided to non-indigenous companies that are run by your political mates," she said.
Senator Scullion said non-indigenous groups including the Red Cross, World Vision and Catholic Care shared in IAS funding.
He pointed to increased levels of money from the fund being given to indigenous organisations.
"When I got the portfolio, 35 per cent was given to indigenous organisations, it's now 55 per cent," he said.
Senator McCarthy also challenged the minister over almost $460,000 in IAS grants given to NT cattle and fishing groups for legal advice on how they could be detrimentally affected by native title claims.
The NT Cattleman's Association, Amateur Fishermen's Association NT and NT Seafood Council were given the money for education and representation around land rights issues.
Senator Scullion said those payments would speed up native title claims, which require stakeholders to be informed of their rights.
"So many people say in this land rights process it takes so long that many of the people who champion these claims actually pass away," he said.
But Senator McCarthy said there were other funding streams accessible through the attorney-general's department for that purpose.
"I just find this is an extraordinary use of indigenous funds that are meant to improve indigenous communities and indigenous lives," she said.
Senator Scullion also noted $8 million had been given to the Northern Land Council and an additional $1 million to the Aboriginal Land Commissioner to progress claims.
© AAP 2021SAWYERVILLE, Ala. (WIAT) — Residents in Hale County will soon get four new community storm shelters where they can stay safe during severe weather.
EMA Director Russell Weeden says the shelters are being funded by a $209,000 hazard mitigation grant.
“Every time we go under a tornado warning, 911 lights up and everyone asks where there is a safe place they can go and until now, we’ve never had a good place to tell them where to go. So this will help everyone take shelter during a tornado,” said Weeden.
The storm shelters will be built in Sawyerville, Greensboro, Akron and Moundville. The shelters will hold up to 50 people each. Colander Williams is excited about the news. His home was destroyed last March after three tornadoes touched down in different parts of Hale County.
“Well I guess everyone needs somewhere to go get inside when the storm comes. It’s great, we need the shelters because everyone needs somewhere to go,” said Williams.
Williams was able to rebuild his home and installed an indoor storm shelter. Last March, 200 homes were damaged and many destroyed. Hale County EMA is planning to have all four new community shelters built and available by next March.Are you tired of sitting in a cubicle from 9 to 5? Are you ready to be your own boss? When you become an Avon Representative, you don't work for Avon, you work with Avon to bring award-winning products to all of your customers. Your business is your business. Sure it is work but it is a business that works with YOU: online, on the phone, face-to-face, part-time or full-time. It is your call!
You might be helping someone bring in customers and orders, so why not sign up yourself and get 40% earnings of the sales. You can sign up to be on the Avon team and start earning your own commissions.
Join us on the journey to empowerment while you kick-start your own business with Avon! It is as easy as filling out a form online. The cost to become an Avon Representative starts as low as $25 for the basic starter kit.
Once you sign up, you will receive your kit in the mail, as well as sample products, brochures and a website for YOU to sell your Avon products. Your mentor will be there to guide you, along. If you join with me and my team of Mommy Warriors, I will be there.
Note: Once you have familiarized yourself with the company, and feel comfortable with recruiting, you can earn $50 for every new Qualified Kickstart Recruit you bring into Avon.
Avon doesn't require any special experience, education or other credentials. Starting a direct-selling business simply depends on YOU and how much work and effort you put into your business. Join our team now, and run a business on your own time and your own terms.
START Avon in less than 5 minutes!
When you join Avon as a Representative you can work when you want, where you want and how you want.
Join Avon today and start your own journey to creating the life you want for you and your family. Remember, you can earn up to 40% of all sales and more than $1,000 in 90 days with KickStart!
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me at: AvonMommyWarrior@gmail.com
REFERENCE CODE: MOMMYWARRIOR
You can also visit our FB page:Wolf tattoos Moon Wolf Tattoo by dubuddha July 21, 2015 1894 Old School Wolf Tattoo Best Wolf Tattoo Feather Wolf Tattoo Watercolor Wolf Hand Tattoo Traditional Wolf Tattoo Geometry Wolf tattoo by Sven Rayen Wolf in Sheep’s Clothing Tattoo Head Side Wolf Tattoo She Wolf Tattoo Lone Wolf Tattoo on Shoulder Leave a Comment Cancel Reply Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.Dynamic Solutions Industries (DSI)
The DSI Web site located at"> is a copyrighted work belonging to Dynamic Solutions Industries (“DSI”). DSI provides an online store offering something special every day.
By entering or otherwise using our Web site or mobile applications (the “Web site”), you agree to and accept these terms and conditions. You also agree to and accept our Notice of Privacy Practices , which describes how we use the information you provide DSI and is incorporated into these terms and conditions by reference. Please read the terms and conditions and Notice of Privacy Practices carefully as you are agreeing to be bound by them.
TOGETHER THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND THE NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES CONSTITUTE YOUR SERVICE AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”) WITH DSI. DSI MEMBER, OR ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT UNLESS YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS AND/OR USE THE WEB SITE, SIGN UP FOR MEMBERSHIP, OR PURCHASE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THROUGH THE WEB SITE.
1 Accounts
§ 1.1 Account Creation. In order to use certain features of the Web site (e.g., purchasing products and services (referred to collectively as “Products” herein) from the Web site), you must register for an account with DSI (“DSI Account”) and provide certain information about yourself as prompted by the Web site registration form. You represent and warrant that: (a) all required registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information; and (c) your use of the Web site does not violate any applicable law or regulation or the terms of this Agreement. You may de-activate your Studio DSI Account at any time, for any reason, by unchecking the e-mail preference box on the “My Account” section of the Web site. DSI may suspend or terminate your DSI Account in accordance with Section 11.
§ 1.2 Account Responsibilities. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your DSI Account login information. You are fully responsible for all activities that are associated with your DSI Account (including but not limited to any purchases, use of the Web site, or correspondence from your account to DSI). You agree to immediately notify DSI of any unauthorized use or suspected unauthorized use of your DSI Account or any other breach of security. When you provide DSI with such notice, DSI will suspend or otherwise secure your Account to prevent future unauthorized activity.
2 Terms of Sale
§ 2.1 Products and Pricing. All Products or services listed on the Web site are subject to change, as is Product information, pricing, and availability. DSI reserves the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue any Web site feature or the sale of any Product with or without notice. You agree that DSI will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of any Web site feature or Product. In the event a Product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information, we shall have the right, prior to the acceptance of your order (as described in Section 2.3 below),.
§). DSI will automatically bill your credit card or PayPal account submitted as part of the order process for such amounts, and you hereby authorize us to do so. You will be solely responsible for payment of all taxes (other than taxes directly imposed on DSI business activity in a state, such as income taxes), fees, duties, and other governmental charges, and any related penalties and interest, arising from the Product purchase (“Taxes”) not withheld by DSI. All payments are non-refundable (except as expressly set forth in Section 2.1 and 2.3)..
§ 2.3 Orders..
§ 2.4 PayPal Purchases. Sections 2.1 and 2.3. This Section does not alter or amend any other Sections of this Agreement.
3 Web site
§ 3.1 License. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, DSI. DSI may terminate this license at any time for any reason.
§ 3.2 Certain Restrictions. The rights granted to you in this Agreement are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sublicense, reproduce, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Web site or its content without the express written consent of DSI;  DSI’ express written consent; and (e) you shall not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information or content (including images and text descriptions) of the Web site without DSI’ express written consent. Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Web site shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement.
§ 3.3 Modification. DSI reserves the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Web site or any part thereof with or without notice. You agree that DSI will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Web site or any part thereof.
§ 3.4 Ownership. You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights in the Web site, including our rights to copyrighted material, patents, trademarks, service marks, and trade secrets (“Intellectual Property”) (excluding any User Content) are owned by DSI and its licensors, and neither the limited license granted in Section 3.1, nor our provision of the Web site under this Agreement shall transfer to you or any third party any rights, title or interest in or to such Intellectual Property. DSI reserves all rights not granted in this Agreement.
4 User Content
§ 4.1 User Content. “User Content” of a Web site user means any and all information and content that such user submits to DSI by any means, including through social media (e.g., Facebook, Twitter), or uses with the Web site (e.g., a user profile or a feedback submission). licenses, rights, and/or consents to use your User Content with the Web site as described herein and (ii) your User Content does not violate the Acceptable Use Policy (defined below). You may not state or imply that your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by DSI. Because you alone are responsible for your User Content (and not DSI), you may expose yourself to liability if, for example, your User Content violates the Acceptable Use Policy. DSI is not obligated to backup any User Content, makes no representation that it will do so, and you agree that DSI may delete User Content at any time.
§ 4.2 License. By submitting your User Content or using it with the Web site , you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to DSI Web site. You agree to irrevocably waive (and cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of publicity or moral rights, or attribution with respect to your User Content.
§ 4.3 Feedback. DSI will treat any feedback, communications, or suggestions you provide to DSI as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Thus, in the absence of a written agreement with DSI to the contrary, you agree that you will not submit to DSI any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.
5 Acceptable Use Policy
The following sets forth DSI’ “Acceptable Use Policy”:
§ 5.1 You agree not to use the Web site.
§ 5.2 In addition, you agree not to commercially exploit the Web site.
§ DSI DSI Account username and password, IP address and traffic information, usage history, and your User Content.
6 Third Party Sites and Other Users
§ 6.1 Third Party Sites. The Web site may contain links to, or advertisements for, third party web sites (collectively, “Third Party Sites”) (for example, social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, or Pinterest). Such Third Party Sites are not under the control of DSI and DSI is not responsible for any Third Party Sites. DSI.
§ 6.2 Other Users. Each Web Web site users are solely between you and such user. You agree that DSI will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions. If there is a dispute between you and any Web site user, we are under no obligation to become involved.
§ 6.3 Release. You hereby release us, our officers, employees, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, parents, joint ventures, successors and any other companies under common control with us from claims, demands any and all losses, damages, rights, claims, and actions of any kind including personal injuries, death, and property damage, that are either directly or indirectly related to or arise out of any interactions with or conduct of other Web site users or Third Party Sites. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH, IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”
7 Disclaimers
The web site and products are provided “as-is” and as available and we. If applicable law requires implied warranties with respect to the products, then all such warranties are limited in duration to ninety (90) days from the date of purchase.
DSI does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product advertised or offered by a third party through this site and DSI will not be a party to or in any way monitor any transaction between you and third party providers of products or services. If a supplier provides an express warranty, that warranty is between you and the supplier and not DSI. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a supplier of a product provides a warranty for the product and allows us to pass it through to you, we will pass it through to you.
8 Limitation on Liability
In no event DSI, our officers, employees, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, parents, joint ventures, successors and any other companies under common control with us be liable to you or any third party for any lost profit or any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages arising from your use of the web site, products, or third party sites, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. Access to, and use of, the web site, products and third party sites DSI.
9 Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold DSI, our officers, employees, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, parents, joint ventures, successors and any other companies or persons under common control with us harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of (i) your use of the Web site or Products, (ii) your User Content, or (iii) your violation of this Agreement. DSI reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of DSI. DSI will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
10 Arbitration
You agree that any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of any Product, or the Web site will be resolved by binding arbitration rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. You agree that the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement.
For all disputes whether pursued in small claims court or arbitration, you must first give us an opportunity to resolve your claim by sending a written description of your claim to DSI, attn.: Legal 867-B Middlebrook Ave., Staunton, VA 24401. We each agree to negotiate your claim in good faith. If we are unable to resolve the claim within 60 days after we receive this the Agreement.
Either you or we may start arbitration proceedings. You must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to Robert Baumgartner: rbb@haleball.com or call 703.218.8322 to begin arbitration. The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will arbitrate all disputes. For claims of..
JURY TRIAL WAIVER. If a claim proceeds in court rather than through arbitration, WE EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.
11 Term and Termination
Subject to this Section, this Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Web site. We may (a) suspend your rights to use the Web site (as well as your DSI Account) or (b) terminate this Agreement, at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including for any use of the Web site in violation of this Agreement or if we believe you are younger than 18. Upon termination of this Agreement, your DSI Account and right to access and use the Web site will terminate immediately. You understand that any termination of your DSI Account may involve deletion of any User Content you may have posted. DSI will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of this Agreement, including for termination of your DSI Account or deletion of your User Content. Even after this Agreement is terminated, the following provisions of this Agreement will remain in effect: Sections 2.6, 3.2-3.4, 4, 5 and 7-13.
12 Intellectual Property
DSI respects the intellectual property of others and asks that users of our Web site do the same. Except as authorized in Section 3.1 of this Agreement, you are not permitted access or use of any of DSI’ Intellectual Property without our prior written consent or the consent of such third party that may own intellectual property with respect to Products displayed on the web site. In connection with our Web site, Products, and any services we offer, we have adopted and reasonably implemented a policy respecting copyright law that provides for the removal of any infringing materials and for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users of our Web site who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights, including copyrights. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and wish to have the allegedly infringing material removed from our Web site, attorneys’ fees incurred by us in connection with the written notification and allegation of copyright infringement.
The designated Copyright Agent for DSI is:
DSI, Inc.
Attn: Copyright/Legal
867-B Middlebrook Ave. / Staunton, VA 24401
540.292.7788
13 General
§ 13.
§ 13.2 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state in which you reside, without regard to the conflicts of laws rules of that state or any other state.
§ 13.3 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Web site and the purchase of any Products on our Web site. DSI’ prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon assignees.
14 Offers, Promotions, and Customer Credits
DSI may from time to time and in its sole discretion make available special offers and promotions to its members, including offers and promotions that provide an opportunity for members to receive store credits, coupons, prizes, or benefits, (for example, referral credits issued to customers for referring others to DSI)...
DSI. DSI reserves the right to void any such credits, coupons, prizes or benefits granted if it suspects that these were derived in a fraudulent manner, a manner that violates this Agreement or the terms of the offer or promotion, or in a manner otherwise not intended by DSI. In addition, any fraudulent, illegal, or inappropriate conduct in relation to any offers or promotions, may subject you to liability for civil and/or criminal penalties under applicable law. If DSI terminates your account, for any reason, any credit balances in your account will be cancelled, except as prohibited by law. Account balances are determined by DSI and such determination is final.
Revised on July 22nd, 2020
What are cookies?
By using our websites, you consent to our use of cookies.
If you'd like to learn more about cookies, we recommend the About Cookies website (New window).
'Cookies' are small data files that are sent from our website and stored on your computer or device. We use them to help us provide you with information and services. Most are stored just for the duration of your visit to the website, but others are stored for much longer periods.
The following information tells you about how CHSS uses these cookies and how you can make informed choices about accepting or rejecting them.
We recommend that you accept them as refusing them can disable some functions, but most importantly we want you to feel comfortable that you are making an informed choice.
Back to top
How we use cookies
We use cookies to make our website work better for you.
Cookies don't give us access to any personal information about you.
For example, when you visit our website we place a cookies on your computer which tell us what pages you have visited and what links you have clicked on during your visit. This allows us to generate a report about how our website is performing and this helps us make things better for you.
We also use cookies to show you advertising messages from us when you are visiting other websites.
We use cookies to remember your settings if you use our Accessibility settings, such as increasing font size or reading the page out loud.
If you use our Stroke chat or eShop apps, cookies are used to create your login and remember your orders while you are shopping..
Back to top
Your choices
You can choose to reject cookies if you wish.
Our websites work better with cookies and we strongly advise that you accept them.
Our cookies don't give us or anyone else access to your personal data.
You can use your web browser to delete and reject cookies. There are instructions on how to delete cookies and how to control cookies on the About Cookies website (New window).
Shop OnlineHome › Forums › Kevin Tetz’s Korner › Spray guns, body work, 42 dodge
#31970
g8trwood
Well I am entering the realm of body work with a 42 dodge military truck. I had the truck dipped to remove all the rust and lead based paint. I need to protect the truck while I am doing the body work and my thoughts are to epoxy prime the whole project and then remove the primer in the areas I need to work on in order to keep the body from flash rusting (fl and long term project)
If I epoxy prime, should I then put a sanding primer on top or for a long term project will the sanding primer contaminate too easily. The car is in a garage dedicated to this project.
I have an astro HVLP gun that I use for woodworking, 1.5 tip, would that be okay for some of the primers? And what gun would you recommend (mid range please) for a novice. I have an 80 gallon, 5 horse compressor.
And Yes, I did start with several of your videos.:)
Sign up now to receive exclusive email deals, industry news, and new product releases.*Anthony Taylor has recalled how he had step up and ‘show leadership’ the moment Christian Eriksen collapsed during Denmark’s opening fixture of Euro 2020 against Finland.
Eriksen, 29, suffered a cardiac arrest during the first half of his nation’s group game on the first weekend of the tournament.
He spent six days in hospital after the incident and was fitted with a defibrillator.
There has been no decision yet as to whether Eriksen will be able to resume his playing career, but the former Tottenham man is set to follow a recovery programme over the coming months.
And recalling the shocking incident, Taylor admits he had to put emotion aside and take control of the situation when the player collapsed to the ground.
“As a referee in an international tournament, you’re ultimate responsibility is to look after the players, and in that particular situation involving Christian, I was fortunate that I was pretty close and was looking at him,” Taylor told White and Jordan.
“I could see his face and see how he was in some distress. He just didn’t fall as you would expect, rather than if you fell to the floor normally.
“It just means that in your head you know what you need to do and know you react quickly.
“If you put the other 19 referees in the same position as me, most of them would react in exactly the same way.
“The real people who deserve credit are Simon Kjaer – the captain of Denmark – and the medics who provided the treatment on the field.
He added: “Of course it’s important that I reacted quickly because that speed can help somebody’s chances of survival.
“It’s nice to be praised but that’s really what my job is in that situation.”
Taylor continued to suggest that once he saw Eriksen getting treatment, he felt he had a duty to control all the emotions on the field from the players and staff around him.
“Following him receiving treatment, my role changes significantly,” Taylor added.
“It’s not about making a split second decision anymore, it’s about dealing and managing people’s emotions.
“The only thing in my mind is that I showed the necessary compassion and understanding to both sets of players, the coaching staff and the rest of my team as well.”Hello, and Happy Tuesday, friends! We are slowly making our way to getting into a routine. After getting the room set up, I saw on the Sew Sweetness Pattern Testers FB group that a new pattern was available to test. I decided that this would be a good way to get started sewing. Unfortunately we’ve had a lot of things going on so it’s been a lot of stopping and starting on this pattern over the past week. The pattern comes in three different sizes, and I cut out fabrics to sew all three. I finally got the largest bag finished on Sunday, and started the medium size on Monday. Tuesday has us out for a special lunch at mid-day, so I know I will be having a late start sewing in the afternoon. I was hoping to be able to finish both the medium and small by Tuesday, but it’s just not going to happen. Looks like a Wednesday finish for me, then photos and tester notes will be sent to Sara Lawson. The deadline is the 15th, so at least I’m not cutting it too close!
I can’t show pictures of the bag I’m testing, but I can show the fabrics I’ve chosen to make the bags out of. I decided on Tula Prints from three different lines: Elizabeth, Fox Field, and Chipper.
Although they are from different lines, the similar colorways should make for a cute bag set. The pattern is due to release later this month, so you all won’t have to wait too long to see these bags. I have to say, I love this pattern and I think the bag will come in super handy. I can’t wait to get these sewn up and my pictures taken so I can start using them!
As far as stitching goes, I did get more of the dress done on the Lady of the Flag by Mirabilia. I am starting my one-week rotation back up, so this is all the stitching I will get done on her this time around. Next time I should be able to start working on some of the flag.
This week’s stitching WIP I will be working on Away We Ride by Blackbird Designs.
This week my plan is to finish the bags for the pattern testing and get my pictures taken and notes sent by Wednesday evening. I also need to get some project bags sewn, so if I could get two or three done by the end of this week I will be very happy!
This week’s To-Do list:
- Sewing: Finish Sew Sweetness bag pattern testing
- Stitching: Away We Ride!
6 thoughts on “To-Do Tuesday 7-9-19 | Back to Sewing”
Hi Christine! Oh, I love that Mirabilia pattern. My SIL originally taught me to cross stitch back in the 90s and then we opened a cross stitch shop. My aunt made all the Lavender and Lace angels as well as many of the Mirabilia patterns. I cannot help but think of her when I see any of these patterns. This will be just beautiful when it’s finished. You’ve got a great start on Away We Ride. ~smile~ Roseanne
Hi Roseanne! This is the first time I’ve tried a Miribilia pattern! It’s HUGE, but it’s so going to be worth it. I’ve seen so many other stitchers work on the L&L patterns and Miribilias and I am always so in love with the work. Your aunt stitched all of the angels?! WOW! That is some intense stitching! I love that you had a cross stitch shop for a time. I know when I share the projects that you know the amount of work that goes into them! Most crafters do, but it’s always extra nice when you have someone who was involved in cross stitch comment as well! Hugs to you and Sue! I hope this week is one of recovery for you both!
Can’t wait to see the finished bags!! And love all the stitchery going on.
I’m excited to get them finished! I hope it won’t be too long before I can show you all pictures!
I love those Tula Pink fabrics! She is so fabulous with her color combinations, too. I’m looking forward to seeing those bags. But meanwhile, I’m curious — what’s your “one week rotation” all about?
Hi, Rebecca! I really do love Tula’s fabrics and how well she manages the colors. Not to mention that most all of her fabric lines end up matching each other as well. The one week rotation simply means that I will work on one stitching WIP a week, and then “rotate” to the next WIP for the next week. I have about 8 WIPs in a current rotation. So each WIP will get worked on for one week during an 8 week period. I didn’t know anything about “rotations” until joining the cross stitch community. Some stitchers work their WIPs in a rotation, others are “monogamous” stitchers, and then there are those who just stitch on whatever project they feel like stitching on. I was the latter kind of stitcher for a long time, but I ended up with a lot of WIPs after a while. I decided to try a rotation to see if I like working like this or not. The jury is still out for me. I like to get things finished, but then I get bored when I work on a project for too long. It may be better for me to just start working on smaller projects and get finishes more quickly… but where’s the fun in that?! LOL!!Carol Wiebe
A Longer View
What is inscribed in your heart?
What wish or hope or dream that you dare not even whisper but which you sometimes admit you must have or you will surely die?
Believe that feeling. Do not dismiss it as wishful thinking or pie in the sky or a crazy dream.
It is every bit as important to nourish the spirit as it is to feed the stomach. It just takes a longer view to realize it.
Inscribed
#inscribed #CWWOL20120623 #nourish #stomach #longerview #feed #spirit #viewBest sevencorners.com
For Providers. Seven Corners provides insurance programs for international travelers. As part of our services, we maintain ...
10 People UsedMore Info »Visit Site
Hot
Mar 15, 2018 ... What is a provider network? Does your insurance plan have one? And if so, how do you use it? Visitors insurance can be complicated, but ...
20 People UsedMore Info »Visit Site
Hot sevencorners.com
Find a doctor or hospital that works with Seven Corners travel insurance. Quickly get contact information for our worldwide network of healthcare providers.
62 People UsedMore Info »Visit Site
Free
Locate Seven Corners Insurance providers in the U.S. and around the world. Network usage differs whether you are in the USA or abroad.
34 People UsedMore Info »Visit Site
Best sevencorners.com
Ability to initiate a claim on our website (below), by mail, by fax, our mobile app or by calling 800-335-0611. · An individually assigned licensed claims advisor will ...
87 People UsedMore Info »Visit Site
Popular
Jan 25, 2021 ... administered by Seven Corners, Inc. This plan is NOT an insurance policy. ... Visit sevencorners.com/gov/usdos/provider-network or call Seven ...
20 People UsedMore Info »Visit Site
New sevencorners.com
We help travelers find the right travel & medical insurance plans for any trip. Explore affordable travel insurance for US & international travel. Buy now!
98 People UsedMore Info »Visit Site
Free
Find a Falls Church, VA provider and schedule an appointment in minutes. ... If you have any questions, concerns, or comments regarding Seven Corners ...
40 People UsedMore Info »Visit Site
Top sevencorners.com
Make sure your medical provider knows about applicable pre-certification requirements for your plan. Coverage can be limited if expenses are not pre- certified.
36 People UsedMore Info »Visit Site
Best
Direct billing depends on the provider. All your claims will be handled by Seven Corners in the USA. You never have to contact the carriers such as Nationwide, ...
54 People UsedMore Info »Visit Site
Trending SearchesI am wrapping up my final treatments these days, I’m basically crossing the finish line. Yes, I have major reconstruction left but I’m ignoring that and instead I’m focusing on the major milestone of the end of actively combating this disease. Cancer is starting to appear in the rear view mirror and I want to share the joy I’m feeling.
I want to remind you how meaningful your life is. If you are reading this, chances are you have given me some loving vibes this past year. Every act- from the prayers and donations, childcare, errands, kind notes and thoughtful gifts in the mail- has piled on to create a mountain of love that was bigger than the battle. I am here today because you were here for me. It’s a beautiful circle of life and love that has changed everything for me.
I have a lot of proper “thank yous” to write. A lot of people have yet to know how deeply they moved me. None of it has gone unnoticed, all of it has been meaningful. My goals moving forward include making sure I reciprocate that kindness and actively paying it forward. I hope to live a long life full of generous acts of love and care, the same as what was so freely given to me.
The future is bright. I believe in doing all things with love, from the way I raise my family to the way I do my job to my commitment to my community. I believe goodness will not be denied in this world. It may be delayed but never defeated. I am an unsinkable vessel for positive change and deep connection in this world.
So here is what I will offer you: I will continue to share love with you.
My love will be in my writing. I will continue to be vulnerable and I will continue to fight for big dreams and happier times. I will continue to build the life I can be proud of. I will continue to wrestle with the hard stuff, to question, to grow, and to learn. I will bring that here for you so that we may embark on the bumpy road of life together. For life-affirming connection makes us all feel a little less afraid of the dark.
I also believe you will get to see more of my dry humor, a sarcastic wit that was forged while growing up in the mid-West. Lighter times inspire lighter writing. Even though my grammar and sentence syntax is sometimes deplorable (I’m sorry to all you academics) I’m going to keep going because no one has booed me off the stage yet.
So today I’m singing a happy song. I’m directing love, light, hope and happiness right at you. I wish I could break off a piece of the swelling gratitude and joy I have in my heart right now. Perhaps I have with these humble words. Perhaps I could be so fortunate.
Keep the faith, friends. I’m thinking of you, holding you up, and sharing the love. Stay strong, believe in miracles, and be patient for the storm to pass. It will resolve, and I will remain a partner on the path.
Give ‘Em Hell.
4 Comments Add yours
Just came across your posts and was so refreshed by your writing. I love your spirit and attitude! I’m the youngest in my family to get cancer, but I was older than you when first diagnosed. Your words have resonated in my heart. Chemotherapy robbed me of my eloquence and I struggle to find the words to describe my feelings. I found my words again through you! Thank you for sharing your heart through this journey.
Right back at you Katie! You moved me and inspired me and I thank you for your wonderful gift of writing and sharing. You’re the best example of grace under fire…all I did was pray for you and share some posts, but I know my prayers were heard and answered. God Bless you and yours.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you for being a light even when your world seemed dark.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Congratulations, Katie and your beautiful family. You’ve enriched my life with your posts! I know you will continue to pay it forward/ That’s how you are wired. May your health continue to improve! All good news.
LikeLiked by 1 person- The content available through this website is for general reference only and may be subject to changes without notice.
- This website provides links to other websites (the “Linked Websites”). The content, products, services, advertising or any other materials (collectively “Materials”) available or displayed on the Linked Websites are contributed by other parties over whom and in respect of which the Academy has no control. No statement, representation or warranty, whether express or implied, is made as to the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any content available through this website or any Materials available through the Linked Websites or to their appropriateness for use in any particular circumstances.
- The provision of Linked Websites does not constitute any endorsement or approvement by the Academy on the Materials available or displayed on them. Access to, use of the Linked Websites and the Materials and any of your dealings with the operators of any of these Linked Websites are at visitors’ own risk.
- The Academy is not responsible for any loss or damage whatsoever arising out of or in connection with the use of reliance on any content available through this website or any Materials available through the Linked Websites or to their appropriateness for use in any particular circumstances.
General Provisions
In any event of inconsistency or conflict between the English and Chinese versions of these Disclaimers, the English version shall prevail.In my Bradford post I mentioned the very wonderful 'Congo War', 60's ska by Lord Brynner and the Sheiks. In those innocent days it was still permissible to smile at strange African names, and even (wryly) at slavery.
The actual conflict wasn't at all funny. Congo Mercenary by Mike Hoare will give you a flavour of the fighting, which as often as not consisted of massacres by one side or the other. The thing is, you can go back there now and it hasn't changed a bit.
It is sad but it exciting
When I read the newspaper
About what's happening
In the western province of Africa
Everybody fighting
To get their fortune and fame
But it is amusing
When I read all the bosses' names
Such as Kasavubu
And Antoine Gizenga
Fighting to gain power
Over Katenga
Colonel Mambutu
And Justin Bomboko
Rivalling Kosambo
To be boss over the Congo
My father made me to know
That my great great grandfather
Came from the Congo
In the Western province of Katenga
But I can't remember his name
Beacause it was so long
And if I call the name
I might happen to bite me tongue
All this Kasavubu
And Patrice Lumumba
Fighting to gain power
Over Katenga
Colonel Mambutu
And Justin Bamboko
Rivalling Kosambo
To be boss over the Congo
You can buy it here. There's even a sample.How (and Why) To Enable Photon, the Free Jetpack Image CDN
Photon, which is a feature of the multi-talented Jetpack plugin from WordPress.com, is really easy to configure. We’ll assume you already have Jetpack installed. If you do, you can just watch the video and follow along – otherwise, continue reading and we’ll get into the basics of Jetpack Photon.
If video isn’t your thing, let’s start by understanding a CDN. Content-delivery networks are systems that use a network of servers to deliver static files to people around the world faster. They mostly provide their speed benefit by being closer to people. Your server may be in, say, Dallas, Texas. For someone in the continental US, that’s not too far away, and high speeds are likely to be easy to achieve.
For someone in India or Sweden, there’s a lot more network infrastructure and kilometers of copper and fiber-optics in between. CDNs help someone’s experience of your site be faster by having a server closer to the visitor in Sweden or India. A closer server means they get the files they need sooner (with less latency) and so the site feels snappier. Alex Denning’s post from Tuesday goes into more detail about CDNs, your options, and alternatives to Photon.
Jetpack Photon is a CDN that uses WordPress.com’s established infrastructure to serve images faster. Unlike other CDNs, it won’t host all of your static files, just images. But it’s free and rather simple to configure, so it’s a quick win for any site already using Jetpack.
Here’s what you’ll do:
- Go to Jetpack > Settings in your left bar in the WordPress admin area.
- Click on the “Appearance” tab.
- Click the switch on Photon (as of publishing, it’s the second option there), so that it’s darker blue and sitting to the right.
- You’re done! Now, thanks to Jetpack Photon, all your images should be served from WordPress.com’s large server infrastructure and feel much faster for visitors on the other side of the world. Who knew it was so easy to make the world’s internet feel faster?!
5 Responses
How can i disable photon module of jetpack plugin ?
i uploaded the images after optimizing and now there’s some problem with PageSpeed of my website as there’re two different urls for every image i’m uploading after optimizing.
I use Photon before but the image compression is too loosely. So, I switch back my image to the original with Smush compression.
Looking forward to using photon by way of recommendation for compression efficiency and acceptable page load rates.
How can I use photon service without using jetpack plugin.
Thanks for info.
Any idea on using Photon CDN without using Jetpack?Browse by Publication
Group by: Year | Authors/Creators | Item Type | Full Text
Number of items: 1.
2017
Shivashankar, R; Kondal, D; Ali, MK; Gupta, R; Pradeepa, R; Mohan, V; Kadir, MM; Narayan, KMV; Tandon, N; Prabhakaran, D; +1 more... Peasey, A; (2017) Associations of Sleep Duration and Disturbances With Hypertension in Metropolitan Cities of Delhi, Chennai, and Karachi in South Asia: Cross-Sectional Analysis of the CARRS Study. Sleep, 40 (9). ISSN 0161-8105 DOI: Full text not available from this repository.4.86 based on 5,037 reviews
New Look Sewing Pattern 6644
£7.25
All our sewing patterns on our website are permanently discounted off RRP
RRP: £8.75
Sizes: 8-20
RELATED PRODUCTS
Description
New Look sewing pattern 6644 for cargo pants and knit pullover top.
Reviews (0)
Be the first to review “New Look Sewing Pattern 6644”
See Fabric Land TV Channel
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Nevo Financial LLC is a privately held company formed by Daniel Stiel as a Delaware Limited Liability Company in April 2000. Originally called “Stiel Direct LLC” it operated from offices in Scottsdale, New York City, Bentonville, and Irvine.
Our Stiel Direct marketing solutions team grew into an exceptional, motivated high-performance team of nine full-time marketing, project management, and branding professionals, and up to 175 freelance creatives and experiential/special event contract staff. We created literally thousands of successful marketing and sponsorship campaigns for numerous Fortune 100 clients in automotive, financial services, energy, retailing, and technology. Clients included Circle K, Citibank, Motorola, Tosco Corporation, DaimlerChrysler, BP, ConocoPhillips, and many others.
In 2017, we adopted our new name, Nevo Financial LLC, to reflect our evolving focus and interests on consulting with, investing in, and building portfolios of real estate and financial services brands, products and businesses that are recognized for quality, performance and innovation in digital delivery, financial access, customer care, transaction processing, analytics, compliance, operations, security and risk management.
About Dan Stiel
Dan has spent an entire career in financial services marketing and product development, beginning as an intern in the marketing department at Bank of America while a student at USC’s School of Business, followed by over a decade in marketing leadership positions at First Interstate Bancorp in Los Angeles. Other notable marketing assignments followed, including successes at Visa, Unocal, Circle K Stores, and Xerox before focusing his energies on Nevo Financial LLC.
Innovation
Dan was the marketing lead for the development and launch of many new “game-changing” financial services product and service innovations including GPS-based mobile ordering & mobile POS solutions, the Interlink POS network and Cirrus ATM network, Visa Check Cards, co-brand and private-label retail credit cards, prepaid Mastercard cards, commercial fleet credit cards, home equity loans, ATMs and electronic banking, consumer and business payment strategies, deposit solutions, and auto lending programs.
When he takes time off the clock, he enjoys time with family and friends, traveling, and pursuing passions including photography, music and motorsports.
For more information, contact us at (512) 887-8435.Hilbert College, HamburgHamburg, NY
Hilbert College, Hamburg Student Essentials
About Hilbert College, Hamburg
Hilbert College is committed to educating and nurturing students of all ages and backgrounds, both intellectually and spiritually.
Located in Hamburg, New York, Hilbert is a small, private Catholic college that offers academics in liberal arts and professional studies, both at the undergraduate and graduate levels.
Business, Forensic Science, English, Humanities, Paralegal Studies and Psychology are some of the subject areas offered at the undergraduate level.
Hilbert also offers master's degrees in Criminal Justice and Public Administration.
Committed to serving students regardless of age, Hilbert admits a large number of adults. Since classes are a combination of adult learners and those just out of high school, the learning environment is diverse.
Because it is a Catholic school, campus ministry activities are a large part of Hilbert's student life. Hilbert holds interfaith activities welcoming students of all faiths. Hilbert also supports students through spiritual counseling, offers on-campus worship, and encourages service within the community.
Other student life options at Hilbert include athletic teams, Greek organizations, multicultural and art-based student clubs as well as a student literary magazine and school newspaper.
Freshman admission to Hilbert is based on grades, talents and ability as well as one's personal character. SAT or ACT scores are not required.
Financial aid is available to help eligible students pay for tuition as well as on campus housing and other fees.
Ratings & Reviews
100% of students gave Hilbert College, Hamburg 2 stars overall.
Student Ratings
Aleesha Koy Alumnus - Grad Year 2014
I Have been through a lot with hilbert college, academic probation, being stalked on campus, a nasty case of bed bugs, dining room mix up's, unwanted guest, stolen foods/ material goods, problems with other students, intuition expenses, and much more and yet altogether I wouldn't trade any of those previously mentioned hassles for anything because hilbert college intuition has given me a solid educational structure alongside a set of academic skills that have shaped me into the individual that I am today.
Hilbert College, Hamburg Map & Location
Hilbert College, Hamburg
5200 S Park Ave
Hamburg, NY 14075
View campus map for Hilbert College, Hamburg
Getting Around Hilbert College, Hamburg
Walkability
Excellent walkability. You do not need a car for this area.
Transit
Some transit. This area has limited public transportation.
Weather
Seasonal average temperatures for Hamburg, NY
Students
Ethnic Diversity:
- Latino: 3%
- African American: 11%
- Caucasian: 74%
- American Indian or Alaska native: 2%
- Unknown and Other: 10%
Other Schools Near Hamburg, NY
- Buffalo Colleges (20)
Where does this school information come from?
This web site and associated pages are not associated with, endorsed by, or sponsored by Hilbert College, Hamburg. CampusExplorer.com has no official or unofficial affiliation with Hilbert College, Hamburg..
$55.00
Personalized wine glasses set and decanter. Customized for the perfect wine gift.
PRODUCTION & SHIPPING
For custom orders, a design proof will typically be emailed to you for approval within 3 - 4 business days. Personalized item usually ships within 2 - 3 business days of receipt of approval. For rush orders, contact us for more information.Not That Pet!
Publisher: Walker Books
Mabel’s mum takes her to the pet shop with a very exciting mission: to choose a pet for the whole family! There’s so much choice, though, that Mabel makes a few rather unusual selections: an elephant that sits on Mum is exchanged for the ants that march their way into Dad’s underpants, an easily surprised skunk and a wriggly snake. None of the pets are quite right, until, in the end, Mabel finds the animal that’s just right for her family…
An enjoyable rhyming book featuring a nicely represented mixed race family, Not That Pet! is perfect for young families considering bring an animal into their lives, and a lovely story about an everyday family and their dynamics. Grandma and Grandpa also live with the family (there’s an adorable cross section of Mabel’s house showing everyone in their separate bedrooms and the lovely details of home) which it’s also good to see, for families with more than two generations under their roof. Lots of fun with Smriti Halls’ trademark sensitive, well-paced rhyming and Rosalind Beardshaw’s lovely, cute and wholesome illustrations.
My sister Khiana loved the book and it was an amazing book so thank youA start-up Biotech company, who is focused on the development of next-generation Cell and Gene therapies through its Synthetic Biology platform, is looking to bring on new talent to assist the scale up of its Gene-Modified Cell Therapies. The Process Development team is looking for a Senior Research Associate, who will be responsible for contributing to Process Development for all Cell Therapy programs.
Responsibilities
- Contribute to Process Development for all Cell Therapy programs
- Perform Gene Delivery methods as needed, such as Viral Vector transduction
- Develop and perform assays to measure Virus and Modified Cell function
- Execute and document accurate, and successful, Lab procedures and experiments
- Develop protocols, reports, and SOPs as needed
Qualifications
- Bachelor's Degree in a Life Science-related field
- 3+ years of relevant industry experience
- Hands-on experience with Mammalian Tissue Culture
- Hands-on experience with Gene delivery methods and related assays
- Hands-on experience with Flow Cytomery
- Familiarity with Quality Documentation
- Experience performing in a GMP environment preferred
This is an on-site opportunity that will start on a 6-month contract with the possibility for hire
Highly competitive pay + benefits
Foreign executives in local organisations – country contexts and implications for practice in the Middle East.
Qatar, UAE, Saudi Arabia, Gulf States
Foreign executives are a relatively rare phenomenon in local organisations headquartered in the Middle East, partly because of the ‘al-Kafala’ (كفالة) system practiced in some countries. Kafala — in regard to employment and immigration regulations — is a system that is used to monitor foreign employees via local sponsors. Employers (kafil, كفيل) are responsible for the visa and legal status of foreigners and frequently require foreigners to surrender their passports. As many international executives do not feel comfortable with this practice, the Kafala system is viewed as a barrier to the hiring of foreign executives in local organisations. Other barriers include significant differences between terms stated in the Arabic and foreign versions of contracts, with the Arabic contract being the sole basis for any dispute. Formal contract disputes are rare as the Kafala system provides local organisations with powers to effect the withdrawal of visa from, and eviction or deportation of, foreign executives. Hence, recourse to local courts — although possible and potentially successful — is curtailed for the purpose of having contract disputes heard.
In contrast, executives of foreign multinational organisations in the Middle East (see note on classic expatriates versus self-initiated expatriates) do not usually experience difficulties with the Kafala system. Although foreign multinationals outside of free-trade zones frequently have local organisations as 51% equity majority ‘sleeping partner’, expatriate contract arrangements do not usually pose a problem. For FELOs however, abuse of Kafala by local organisations is reported and it is unlikely that the situation will improve unless the Kafala system is reformed. Anecdotal evidence indicates significant under-reporting of problems as the foreign executives concerned worry about the loss of their business relationships, professional reputations, career prospects and future earnings potential.
Nevertheless, some former FELOs report having enjoyed their work in local organisations, and are proud to have made significant contributions including strategic and structural change, knowledge transfer, mentoring of local talent, and internationalisation of business. Another aspect of the Kafala system in some Middle East countries — albeit illegal and therefore under reported — is that employment visas are held by one employer but used for work in another. This apparently suits all three parties involved: FELOs hold an official position in, for example, a private sector company but perform consulting work for a state-owned or government-linked organisation that cannot publicly be seen to appoint high-ranking foreign executives. Such triangle FELO relationships may improve the negotiation position of foreign executives, and are attractive to some private sector local organisations as a source of income and status. More . . .
Bahrain
Although Bahrain has repealed the Kafala system, and foreign employees are now permitted to change from one employer to another with a notice period of three months, enforcement of new laws against local organisations that abuse the traditional system is reportedly weak. Some local employers attempt to or continue to withhold wages and passports. More . . .
Qatar
The country is dependent on foreign workers from, mostly, Indian sub-continent backgrounds. In contrast, foreign executives in local organisations generally experience a very generous working environment. Nevertheless, the Kafala system ignores fundamental employee rights and the exit visa system can be abused to prevent foreign executives from leaving the country without permission from the local organisation. As employer consent is required to leave the country or change position to another employer, the Kafala system can be used to exert pressure in regard to delayed wage payments. In the context of the 2022 FIFA football world championship, examples that have recently been highlighted in the media even include a football coach and a former Moroccan national player. In both cases, employment terms and wage payments were modified by local organisations utilising the Kafala system to exert pressure. More . . .
Saudi Arabia
Along traditional skills shortages, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) continues to experience a shortage of foreign talent including experienced international executives, managers, entrepreneurs, experts in international trade, and finance specialists. It is estimated that foreigners constitute about 30% of residents and up to 70% of the productively employed population. Under the Kafala system practiced, local organisations assume responsibility for foreign executives, who require explicit employer permission to be granted before they can enter or leave the country, or transfer to another employer. In essence, aspects of employment and immigration administration are delegated to employers including not only state-owned enterprises, banks and government-linked organisations. The system extends to foreign executives in private sector companies and other foreign experts including academics in local universities. As many international executives see this as excessive control, positions in local organisations are only infrequently filled with the most suitable / most qualified managerial talent. In effect, the pool of international executives willing to accept FELO positions in the KSA is reduced. One FELO with extensive experience in local organisations describes Kafala as “restrictive” and emphasises as “crucial” the need for foreign executives to hold an ‘iqama’ (identification card) that allows travel within the kingdom, and to leave it without the need for an exit visa / specific permission from the employer. Abuse includes that foreigners are made to continue their work against their will or face non-payment of wages, and sign termination agreements that include trade-offs between wage or bonus payments owed and the permission to leave the country. Reports also include the failure of local organisations to transfer wage or bonus payments owed after permission to leave the country was granted. Other consequences of the Kafala system include that new contract terms after the expiry of an original fixed-term contract can be downgraded under duress. FELOs with respective experiences report feelings of “being owned by the employer” and “conditions akin to slavery”. More . . .Responsibilities:
-.
- Excellent PowerPoint/ presentation skills utilized routinely.
- English and Vietnamese
What we offer:
- Salaries that commensurate with work experience.
- Team and Individual bonuses on top of your commissions.
- Annual leave, insurances will be following to Vietnam Law and as company’s regulations.
- A dynamic professional and high-tech agile and lean work environment.Property Attributes
- MLS#9048514
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyCOBB
- CityPowder Springs
- AreaCOB3
- Zip30127
- StyleRanch
- Year Built2003
- Taxes$ 1878
- Price$ 245,000
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1387
- Lot Size1 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Scott Fader with Joseph Walter Realty, LLC.
Data Source:
Georgia MLS (GAMLS) - 86 - GA
Property Description
What a gem. Sit on your front porch and look out on your large flat acre lot. Trees at the front of property give your extra privacy on a quiet road. Perfect shaded back porch off kitchen, for grilling that perfect steak. Move in ready! All newly painted inside and out. All new luxury flooring in Kit. Dining room, Living room, hall also in all bathrooms. New carpet in all bedrooms. New kitchen counter top. Master bedroom has two closets, no fighting for space. Full master bath. Full hall bath. Another big plus is this house is on city sewer. Has all copper plumbing, and Hardi plank siding. Powder Spring schools, Powder Springs Elementary, Cooper Mid. School and McEachen High School.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolSingle Axle Trailers
- Trailers
- Service & Parts
- Specials
- Finance
- Testimonials
- Gallery
The number of axles on a trailer determines whether it is a single or double. A single axle trailer has a single set of wheels as the name suggests while tandem axle trailers have two sets of wheels. A simple visual inspection will allow you to easily determine which type of trailer you’re looking at and find the best fit for your needs. At 4C’s Trailers Direct we have a variety of in-stock single axle trailers to meet your needs.
For trailer shoppers with lower weight requirements the single axle trailer holds several advantages that you’ll certainly appreciate. A single axle is more friendly to maneuver than a tandem axle which will be especially noticeable in tight parking scenarios. The relatively smaller size and weight of the single axle also contribute to better fuel efficiency in addition to the lower cost of the trailer itself. Maintenance for your trailer including tires and repair will also generally cost less.
Ultimately, it comes down to how much weight you need to tow but a single axle trailer is a great fit for many trailer shoppers, especially if it’s for personal use. If you’re not sure about your towing needs the team at 4C’s Trailers Direct has over 30 years of experience to help you make the right choice!Ushering in The Age Of Bronze: Meet the new Tudor Black Bay Fifty Eight Bronze Boutique Edition
Editor’s note: Like you, we have been excited by Tudor’s releases from the Watches & Wonders 2021. Tudor has been hitting it out of the park this year and today we introduce the new Tudor Black Bay Fifty Eight Bronze Boutique Edition for 2021. And while a hands-on review should come soon, to check out our other detailed hands-on reviews, please head to our dedicated reviews section here.
The Age Of Bronze
It’s finally here. A watch much debated on forums and amongst Tudor fans. For anyone with slimmer wrists, the new Tudor Black Bay Fifty Eight Bronze Boutique Edition in 39mm is a moment to revel in.
Michelangelo’s The Dying Slave is an iconic sculpture from the 16th century. It acts as inspiration for another iconic sculpture from the 19th century, François Auguste René Rodin’s famous bronze statue L’Âge d’airain (or The Age Of Bronze).
In the same vein as both have their place in history, meet the new Tudor Black Bay Fifty Eight Bronze Boutique Edition that is a milestone horological art inspired by the brand’s own history (and the 2016’s 43mm bronze diver with similar aesthetics).
The watch’s beautifully gradient matt brown-bronze domed dial with applied hour markers and Arabic numerals at 3, 6 and 9’o clock allows the peruser of this art to master time.
The Context
It is the third bronzed marvel from the brand in recent years: the 2019 slate-grey Tudor Black Bay Bronze 43 ref. M79250BA-0001 (reviewed here) or ref. M79250BA-0001 (fabric strap variation) retails for $5’650 AUD. It was the second regular production variation of the watches-in-bronze collection by Tudor that was first revealed in 2016 in a brown version that won the “Petite Aiguille” prize at the 2016 Grand Prix d’Horlogerie de Genève, a feat repeated last year by Black Bay Fifty-Eight.
The new Tudor Black Bay Fifty Eight Bronze Boutique Edition in 39mm features looks reminiscent of this first 2016 version, but the added bracelet and almost ‘rose’ like brown-red aesthetics are simply stunning to look at on first glance.
To be frank, it’s as if the new Tudor BB 18K had a love child with the Tudor BBB from 2016.
For most, the main highlight would be the new bronze bracelet — a first — fitted with a new clasp with a rapid adjustment system.
But as impressive as the riveted bronze bracelet is with its redesigned cover and Tudor “T-fit” rapid adjustment system that adjusts the length of the bracelet in 5 positions covering 8mm length, my vote goes to the complimentary “brown-bronze” fabric strap with yellow center-line and bronze buckle. On this strap, I reckon it looks like a million bucks.
Add to this the recurring “Snowflake” hands with grade A Swiss phosphorescent Super-LumiNova® coating and what one gets is a timepiece that’s not only handsome but also legible to the degree of crime.
The Engine
Just like the normal BB58 range, the new Tudor Black Bay Fifty Eight Bronze Boutique Edition.
The ref. 79012M like the rest of the new Tudor Black Bay collection for 2021 is obviously 200m water-resistant and comes with a five-year transferable guarantee with no registration or periodic maintenance checks required.
The Body
In regards to the dimensions, the 43mm Black Bay Bronze is 43mm in diameter, 14,5mm thick, and is larger from lug-to-lug at 53.0mm and also has an unusual 23mm lug intern-horn spacing.
The new Tudor Black Bay Fifty Eight Bronze is a welcome 39mm in diameter, only 11.9mm thick and 48mm from lug to lug. It also thankfully features the 20mm interhorn spacing for easy strap changes.
Parting Thoughts
This is one timepiece that I would love to check out in person, and not only because its bronze is going to develop a patina and sing the tune of its master’s water — and land — adventures. I am very curious to see how this looks in comparison to the new BB58 18k and the existing 43mm Tudor BBB.
The L’Âge d’airain is known for its realism, acclaim and scandalous nature, and the new Tudor is no different: to me, it’s as realistic as a ‘perfect’ bronzed diver should be in terms of aesthetics and dimensions, and I am sure that the online forums will be ablaze with comments that will be both praiseworthy and scandalous.
I can’t say more unless I have this strapped on my wrist except that for only 6’160 AUD Tudor enthusiasts and collectors get one hell of a deal. The new Tudor Black Bay Fifty Eight Bronze Boutique Edition ushers in a new Age Of Bronze, and how.
To find out more about the new Tudor Black Bay Bronze Boutique Edition and other Tudor watches, please head to their website here. All images unless otherwise specified are ©TUDOR. All Rights Reserved. Make sure to check out our reviews of other Watches & Wonders 2021 releases here.Opening Hours : Providing solution design within 24 hours
0086-21-58385887.Get Price
Your Golf Club Shaft is Too Stiff. Golf shafts are sometimes referred to as the engine of the golf club. That's because the shaft provides the power that is transferred to the clubhead and ultimately to the golf ball. Shaft flex directly facilitates this power transfer, and .Get Price
Triad offers a wide choice of soft seats and metal seated ball valves for a variety of industrial applications. Below is a general guide. When selecting seats, always consult the pressure / temperature charts and corrosion resistant guide or contact the factory for engineering help.Get Price
PickleballCentral is THE pickleball superstore! 80+ pickleball paddle models in stock, plus the industry's best selection of balls, nets, clothing, gifts, training aids, and more. Free shipping offer, the best prices, and incredible service.Get Price
Graphite is remarkably strong for its relatively light weight. It provides terrific power, as well as good control and feel for the ball. But graphite is best in a composite mixture with any of the various thermoplastic- and fiberglass-type resins used today.Get Price.Get Price
So, without additional excitement, let's take a look at all the remarkable Pickleball Paddle 2019.Get Price.Get Price
Graphite PIckleball Paddle..Get Price
Onix Z5 Graphite Pickleball Paddle. ... For example, if the paddle you want to choose weighs around 3 kg, then the ball deflecting off of its surface should not bounce further than 5000th of an inch. Paddles that offer more deflection has more spring in the core, and generates more power for lesser the effort. ...Get Price
The paddles work perfectly to control the ball moves to an extend place without leaving the actual position so many times as it covers some extra place where you can hit the ball easily. The best pickleball paddles are durable and they are able to perform for many games without losing its features
Choose between graphite and steel shafts. Most golfers choose graphite, which is lighter and sturdier than steel, for woods and hybrid clubs. Because graphite is lighter, it will help you generate more swing speed, which in turn allows you to hit the ball further.Get Price
It's not as strong as graphite or carbon fiber but has more power (pop). Graphite – also very common, graphite is strong and provides great ball control but you'll sace a bit of power. Carbon Fiber – similar to graphite but more durable, this material provides the ultimate in ball control. Again though, you will lose a bit of power.Get Price
Graphite improved by the 1980s, though, and it has since been an incredibly popular option for golfers shopping for drivers and woods ever since. Steel shaft benefits. Steel shafts are heavier than shafts made of graphite. The additional weight tends to be a deciding factor for golfers choosing .Get Price
This article explains step-by-step how you can choose the best golf shaft for your playstyle. ... shafts are made of carbon steel, although some brands use stainless steel. While steel shafts are not as expensive as graphite shafts, they are usually stronger ... The spring effect is noticeable as the ball seems to really leap off the clubface ...Get Price
Choosing the right graphite golf shaft might be among the most complicated tasks you will undertake. The reason is simple -- there are more variables and options to choose from than you can shake a shaft at. Although it's possible to do it yourself, it could take you months if not years to find the best shaft. Yet, it's a crucial decision if you want to play your best.Get Price
Graphite paddles tend to transfer the feel of the ball strike over a larger area of the paddle, and hence transfers that energy to the player's hand in a way that players can get a better feel of the ball on the paddle face. Many of the worlds best players now play with paddles that combine a Graphite 
GOLF SHAFTS: STEEL OR GRAPHITE? >> Golfers often ask about the performance difference between steel and graphite golf shafts, and how to choose between them. This issue of Golf Pro Tips is dedicated to answering those questions.-GRAPHITE GOLF SHAFTS: The... – VOTED #1 GOLF SITE!Get PriceAre you a nurses, intern, or medical student training to perform intravenous injections, blood sampling, and infusions? Phlebotomy Training Arm is going to help you practice the procedure. These arms mimic the real feel and look of a human arm and they are going to help you build confidence when it comes to entering the vein of a real person. They are mostly used in medical colleges, hospitals, health schools, schools of nursing, medical colleges, and hospitals.
To help you find the best Phlebotomy Training Arms for practice procedure, we have done some research and come up with a list of the top 10 best Phlebotomy Training Arms in 2021 to help choose the correct one.
Contents
- List of Best Phlebotomy Training Arm in 2021
- #10. Apprentice Doctor IV Venipuncture and Phlebotomy Practice Arm for Training
- #9. ZAMAX Study Model Training Arm Kit IV Practice Model for Intravenous Injection
- #8. LHMYHHH IV Training Practice Arm Venipuncture Phlebotomy Practice Arm
- #7. AltraTech IV Venipuncture and Phlebotomy Practice Arm Life
- #6. Wadoy IV Nurse Students Practice Arm Kit for Medical Educational Training
- #5. WELLiSH IV Practice Arm Injection Blood Venipuncture Infusion Model
- #4. WYRRJ Arm IV Venipuncture and Phlebotomy Practice Model Arm
- #3. ZQDL Venipuncture and Phlebotomy Practice Arm for Venipuncture Techniques and Procedures
- #2. Vacoomcom Injection Model IV Practice Arm for Phlebotomy
- #1. Kits of Medicine Phlebotomy Venipuncture Practice Kit for Nurse Student
- Factors to Consider When Purchasing the Best Phlebotomy Training Arms
- Conclusion
List of Best Phlebotomy Training Arm in 2021
#10. Apprentice Doctor IV Venipuncture and Phlebotomy Practice Arm for Training
By: The Apprentice Doctor
Are you looking for a Phlebotomy Practice Arm for your medical college or social training institutions? The Apprentice Doctor Phlebotomy training arm is a great choice for you. It is ideal for practicing venipuncture, phlebotomy, and IV skills. Typically, this Practice Arm will feel like a real thing before working on a live patient. In addition to that, you will gain the experience that you require as a medical professional.
This phlebotomy arm will provide learners with accurate anatomy for both ventral (cubital fossa) and dorsal surfaces of the arm. What’s more, it will assist them to perfect and practice your blood draw and become skilled phlebotomists. Ideally, this arm is perfect to use with small diameter needles ranging from 22-23 G. The arm skis will automatically reseal after you stick the needle.
- Automatically reseal after each needle stick
- Has a durable design that lasts
- Suitable for 22-23 g smaller diameter needles
- Ideal for venipuncture and phlebotomy skills
#9. ZAMAX Study Model Training Arm Kit IV Practice Model for Intravenous Injection
By: ZAMAX
This is another amazing Training Arm Kit with anatomically and accurately structures. It is ideal for nursing students who need to gain the experience required to become a phlebotomist. Typically, it has 8 main venous vasculatures which you can use for blood drawing, infusion (blood), intravenous injection, and other puncture training functions. The skin and venous blood vessels can be replaced, which is convenient, simple, and economical.
The skin puncture site can withstand repeated hundreds of punctures without leakage. In addition to that, this model is included with an infusion stand, disposable sterile syringe, nursing operation pad, bottle type infusion set, and oxford bag for easy transportation. Another thing, this includes has given-feel when the needle is entering the vein which enables you to feel like you are treating a live patient. The box measures 69 cm * 185 cm * 19.5 cm and you can easily take it wherever you go. The muscles and the skin is made from preferred plastic materials. The best thing about this arm can be used over and over again.
- Made using preferred P C material
- Comes in a box measuring 69×185×19.5 cm
- Has an accurate and anatomically correct structure
- Comes with infusion stand and nursing operation pad
#8. LHMYHHH IV Training Practice Arm Venipuncture Phlebotomy Practice Arm
By: LHMYHHH
This simulation training arm is like a real arm. It will you to gain the experience that you require to become a phlebotomist expert. This arm will assist you to perfect and practice venipuncture, blood draw, IV, and phlebotomy skills before working on a live patient. Typically, the arm includes a give-feel when entering the vein enabling you to feel like you are entering a real patient.
The arm will automatically reseal after you stick a needle. When it is taken care of, this arm will last for a long time. Setting up this arm is very simple and it only takes less than 5 minutes. Besides that, it comes with a portable box that allows the user to carry it wherever they go.
It is widely used in different areas including health schools, School of Nursing & Midwifery, medical colleges, hospitals, clinics, social training institutions, and more.
- Ideal for venipuncture, IV, and phlebotomy skills
- Automatically reseal after each needle stick
- Last for a long time when properly taken care of
- Provides students with accurate venous anatomy
#7. AltraTech IV Venipuncture and Phlebotomy Practice Arm Life
By: AltraTech
Made from high-quality materials, this Phlebotomy Practice Arm is durable and can serve a long time if well maintained. The blood vessels are made of imported latex, the skin is made of quality plastic, while the arm is made of PVC materials. This life-sized simulation arm will create a realistic experience while ensuring that you have an accurate blood draw.
The skin and veins can be replaced which makes it convenient, simple, practical, and economical. What’s more, it has eight Venous Vascular Systems that are dispersed on the arm. They allow the student to perform intravenous injections, blood sampling, and infusions
The arm has a gross weight of 4.71lbs and has a package size of 29.13 inches x 7.08 inches x 5.51 inches. It is perfect to use in clinics, health schools, hospitals, social training institutions, midwifery, and more. Finally, the arm can have repeated Injection making it ideal for a group of students.
- Blood vessels are made of latex
- Made of high-grade PVC material
- Has a package size of 29.13 x 7.08 x 5.51inch
- Creates a very realistic experience
- Equipped with an infusion stand
- Skin and veins can be replaced
#6. Wadoy IV Nurse Students Practice Arm Kit for Medical Educational Training
By: Wadoy
This Practice Arm Kit allows hundreds of repeated punctures without any vain leakage or rupture. It features two main venous vascular systems that are dispersed on the arm allowing trainees to perform functions such as blood drawing, infusion (blood), and intravenous injection. Typically, the arm skin is made from imported plastic, the IV practice arm is made from imported PVC material and the blood vessels are made of imported latex.
This medical educational training model is ideal for nurses, interns, and medical students. Moreover, it is widely used in hospitals, clinics, social training institutions, training, health schools, Midwifery, school of nursing, and medical colleges.
The kit comes with everything needed for you to perfect your puncture skills. It is also very easy to set up and takes less than 15 minutes. Finally, it comes packed with a portable bag that is easy to carry and store.
- Have 2 venous vascular systems
- The arm feels like real skin
- Blood vessels are made of imported latex
- Kit’s skin is made of imported plastic
- Withstand hundreds of repeated needle punctures
#5. WELLiSH IV Practice Arm Injection Blood Venipuncture Infusion Model
By: WELLiSH
This Venipuncture Infusion Model contains everything you need to perfect your puncture training functions. It has a realistic feel and feels designed to give healthcare the ability and real-world experience to perfect and develop venipuncture skills before they perform on a patient. Typically, this Venipuncture can be widely used in medical colleges, hospitals, clinics, training, health schools, school of nursing & midwifery, medical colleges, and hospitals.
The skin and venous blood vessels of the same puncture site can withstand repeated punctures without leakage which saves economic costs. Another thing, the arm bones are made of imported PVC materials, nerve vessels are made of imported latex materials and the muscles and skin are made of imported plastic materials. Making it durable and long-lasting.
Assembling this Phlebotomy Training Arm is convenient and simple. It is suitable for a needle with 21-23 Gauge. There is a clear sense of falling whenever you are entering the needle and the overall operation is realistic.
- Have two venous vascular systems
- Muscles and skin and are made from imported plastic materials
- Assembly is simple and convenient
- Suitable to use with the needle-like 21-23 Gauge
- Arm bones are made of imported PVC materials
#4. WYRRJ Arm IV Venipuncture and Phlebotomy Practice Model Arm
By: WYRRJ
This Phlebotomy training arm is a great addition to your lab supplies. It will assist you to perfect and practice your blood draw, IV skills, phlebotomy, and venipuncture before working clinical practice on the patient arm. This model has two main venous vasculature for infusion (blood), for intravenous injection, and other puncture training functions.
Typically, the skin puncture site and venous blood vessels can withstand repeated punctures without rupturing or leaking. In addition to that, both the vessels and skin can be replaced making it practical and economic.
The skin color is beautiful, non-deformable, durable, and easy to disassemble. What’s more, the overall product has an operational feel that is real and realistic.
- Skin is made of a real person model
- Has 2 main venous vasculature
- Arm bones are made of high-quality PVC
- Has an operational feel that is realistic and real
- Skin can withstand repeated punctures
#3. ZQDL Venipuncture and Phlebotomy Practice Arm for Venipuncture Techniques and Procedures
By: ZQDL
Do you want to perfect your venipuncture, blood draw, IV, or phlebotomy skills, this Phlebotomy Practice Arm will help you gain confidence before working on a live patient. It has two main vascular systems which allows you to perform puncture training functions. Typically, the same puncture site of skin and venous blood vessels can withstand repeated punctures without leaking or breakage.
What’s more, the arm includes a give feel whenever you are entering the veins enabling you to feel like real-life patient treatment. The arm bones are made from imported PVC materials, the nerve blood vessels are made from imported latex materials, the skin and muscle system are made from imported plastic materials while the molds are made of stainless steel.
The skin color is durable, beautiful and you can easily clean without deformation. Ideally, assembling and disassembling this Phlebotomy Practice Arm is very easy at takes less time.
- Has 2 main venous vascular systems
- Arm bones are made of imported PVC materials
- Nerve blood vessels are made of imported latex materials
- Skin and muscle system are made of imported plastic materials
- Helps you to practice and perfect your iv and phlebotomy skills
- Has the characteristics of realistic and real operation feel
#2. Vacoomcom Injection Model IV Practice Arm for Phlebotomy
By: Vacoomcom
The Vacoomcom Injection Model is a great implant model for teaching, education, and sturdy in the clinic, classroom, etc. it will allow the student to perfect and practice phlebotomy, venipuncture, blood draw, and iv skills before working on the real patient arm. This injection model has a tangible and visible vein on the skin surface. Whenever you are injecting the veins, you will feel like a real person.
This simulation arm is anatomically created and accurate a very realistic experience to gain the expertise required to perform any phlebotomy-related procedures. Another thing, this model hand is packed on a padded blue box with a handle making it easy to transport from one place to another. This device can be used in colleges and schools in student study, demonstrations, and educational programs. There is a real blood returns when a needle is inserted property on the blood vessel and you can perform hundreds of punctures under normal use.
- Has with a visible and tangible vein on the skin surface
- Automatically reseals after you stick the needle
- Helps you to perfect and practice your venipuncture and blood draw
- Comes with a blue box for easy transportation
#1. Kits of Medicine Phlebotomy Venipuncture Practice Kit for Nurse Student
By: Kits of Medicine
This is a perfect gift for medical and nurse students. It helps them to practice life-size realistic simulation making them feel confident before dealing with a real patient. The arm is built with innovative veins and skin that can withstand between 1000 to 2000 sessions. Typically, this Practice Kit will allow you to gain confidence when taking blood, Phlebotomy, IV, and Venipuncture.
This kit is also included with venepuncture practice procedures and step-by-step HD video tutorials. These tutorials are easy to follow and there is no need of carrying a venepuncture book. This Phlebotomy Training Arm is perfect for medical students and nurse or somebody who want to know about phlebotomy practice.
This arm provides accurate venous anatomy and the arm ventral surfaces enable you to master venipuncture. Finally, this kit is widely used in medical colleges, hospitals, clinics, social training institutions, and more.
- Withstand between 1000-2000 sessions
- Included with step-by-step HD video tutorials
- Simulates the arms veins
- Allows students to gain confidence
Factors to Consider When Purchasing the Best Phlebotomy Training Arms
Function: You need to look at the Training Arm Kit functionality before making a purchase. Typically, the arm kit functionality depends on the specs it contains. Kits that have more specs have higher functionality.
Price: The next thing you need to look at when purchasing a Training Arm Kit is the price. Nobody who does not wants to get a quality product at an affordable price. Different sellers on the market offer their arm kit at different prices allowing you to settle on the most favorable one.
Durability: Get a Phlebotomy Training Arms that is made of high-quality materials to serve you for a long time. Also, look for the one that automatically reseals after you stick the needle.
Conclusion
The items above are some of the best Phlebotomy Training Arms you can find on the market. They feature high-quality construction and allows you to gain confidence during Phlebotomy, IV, and Venipuncture, and blood-taking procedures. We hope that you have found the best one for your training.Mindframe guidelines
A considered approach should be taken when reporting on eating disorders. Eating disorders are serious mental illnesses that shouldn’t be trivialized. Reporting should also consider the use of descriptive language, behaviours and specifics, such as weights/numbers. Such reporting can be triggering for people at risk of or in recovery from an eating disorder.
Minframe have put together a fantastic resource to help journalists who are reporting on eating disorders. Please read the guidelines and follow the recommendations.
If you are reporting on eating disorders and using quotes and or material from EDV, please include the following information so that readers know where to access support.
“If you are concerned about yourself or someone you care about, please contact the EDV Hub on 1300 550 236 or visit.”Useful links
During this very challenging time it can be easy to let our mental health slip and it's important that we do things that will help us stay physically and mentally healthy.
Below is some really useful information and activities created by South Tyneside Council and the Healthy Minds team to help both children AND parents/carers make sure we all maintain good mental health during times of uncertainty and isolation.
Click the links below to find out more.
South Tyneside Healthy Minds Team
South Tyneside Healthy Minds Team offers support for both children and adults. Use the link below to see the support they can offer to help children adjust after the latest period of Lockdown.
There is also support for parents as well to help the with their own mental health.
Click below to find out more:Today we are going to be discussing Calendly Github…I have utilized Calendly in a handful of different ways. The most typical use case for myself is through my emailing and prospecting tool. I connect to a great deal of individuals by means of e-mail. Lots of people don’t wish to take the time to reply, so having a link in the email makes the scheduling procedure much easier. When I was utilizing Calendly, my number of meetings increased.
Today comes news from a start-up that has belonged of that pattern: Calendly, a popular cloud-based service that individuals utilize to set up and verify meeting times with others, has closed an investment of $350 million from OpenView Endeavor Partners and Iconiq.
The financing round includes both secondary and primary cash (a little more of the latter than the previous, offers a fast method to handle open spaces in your calendar for people to book consultations with you in those spaces, which then also books out the time in calendars like Google’s or Microsoft Outlook– with a growing variety of tools to enhance that experience, consisting of the capability to pay for a service on the occasion that your appointment is not a business meeting however, state, a yoga class. Prices ranges from free (one calendar/one user/one occasion) to premium ($ 8/month) and professional ($ 12/month) for more calendars, combinations, occasions and features, with bigger bundles for business also readily available.
Its development, on the other hand, needs to date been based primarily around a very natural strategy: Calendly invites become links to Calendly itself, so individuals who utilize it and like it can (and do) start to utilize it, too.
The wide variety of its usage cases, and the virality of that development strategy, standard “organization conferences” each week, however the number of meetings we now need to establish, has gone up.
All of the serendipitous and impromptu encounters we used to have around a workplace, or a community coffee shop, or the park? Those likewise require invitations for online meetings.
Therefore do sessions with therapists, virtual dinner parties, and even (where they can still take place) in-person conferences, which are typically now occurring with more timed accuracy and more record-keeping, to keep social distancing and prospective contact tracing in better order.
Presently, some 10 countless us are using Calendly for all of this on a regular monthly basis, with that number growing 1,180% last year. The army of service users from business like Twilio, Zoom, and UCSF has actually been signed up with by instructors, freelancers, specialists, and entrepreneurs, the business says.
The business last year made about $70 million yearly in membership revenues from its SaaS-based company model and appears positive that its aggregated incomes will not long from now get to $1 billion.
So while the secondary funding is going towards giving liquidity to existing investors and early workers, Awotona stated the strategy will be to use the main capital to invest in the company’s company.
That will consist of building out its platform with more integrations and tools– it began with and still has a significant R&D operation in Kiev, Ukraine– expanding its operations with more skill (it currently has around 200 staff members and strategies to double headcount), more business development and more. Calendly Github
2 significant proceed that front are likewise being revealed with the funding: Jeff Diana is coming on as primary individuals officer with a mission to double the company’s employee base. And Patrick Moran– previously of Quip and New Relic– noteworthy city for technology startups and other companies however typically short on being credited for its heft because department (SalesLoft, Amex-acquired Kabbage, OneTrust, Bakkt, and numerous get on with service, were it not for a short Tweet last fall that signaled the company raising money and shaping up to be a quiet giant.
” The company’s capital performance and what @TopeAwotona has built should have method more credit than they get,” it checked out. “Perhaps this will start to change that recognition.”
Does Calendly have a free option? Calendly Github accepting chat, with a Calendly link (naturally) to pick a time.
( Thanks, unnamed TC author, for never writing about Calendly when Tope initially pitched you years ago: you might have whet his hunger to react to me.). Calendly GithubThis is a section of my 2019 graphic memoir, Dreamers of the Day, which follows my research trip to Oxford University in March 2019 as I begin work on my TE Lawrence graphic biographies.
This comic explains the Sykes-Picot Agreement, a secret agreement between the British and the French dividing up the Ottoman Empire before the Arabs entered WWI.
*the French regarded Lebanon and the Syrian Coast as inherently French.
One thought on “The Sykes-Picot Agreement”
Thank you for an excellent cartoon. I know a few people who wouldn’t read a book but will have a go at a comic. Please keep up the good work.Publications
November 10, 2020 ArticlesElectric Fence: Protecting Proprietary Rights in Collected Energy Data
April 30, 2020 ArticlesTips for Efficiently Managing New Trade Secret Risks Created by Shelter-In-Place Restrictions and Remote Working
December 31, 2019 ArticlesTrade Secret Hygiene for Current Employees
ACCDocket.com
November 6, 2019 ArticlesPractices to Protect Trade Secrets in Failed Acquisitions and Customer Relationships
ACCDocket.com
October 4, 2019 ArticlesSecuring Against Trade Secret Pitfalls and Dangers Arising From Employee Mobility Situations
ACCDocket.com
April 4, 2019 ArticlesWho 'Owns' a Secret? Whether Trade Secret Licensees Have Standing to Sue in California
The RecorderThe Moose have had a bit of a skeleton crew for the first couple of days of training camp which got underway on Monday. Yesterday they were off and today the team announced that eight players were joining the squad for training camp.
Photo Credit: Colby Spence (Illegal Curve)
According to the team this morning these are the additions:
D- Ashton Sautner
D- Hayden Shaw
F- C.J. Suess
F- Westin Michaud
F- Biagio Lerario
F- Tyler Graovac
F- Cole Maier
F- Bobby Lynch
Suess was assigned by the Jets from the taxi squad on Wednesday and the rest I presume are now out of quarantine and available to participate in training camp which begins at 12 noon out at the IcePlex.
Current roster:
G (2): Cole Kehler & Mikhail Berdin
D (7): Johnny Kovacevic, Ashton Sautner, Jimmy Oligny, Hayden Shaw, Trent Bourque, Luke Green and Declan Chisholm
F  and Brett Davis.
The EpiQuik™ Global Mono-Methyl Histone H3-K36 Quantification Kit (Fluorometric) is a convenient package of tools that allows the experimenter to specifically measure global mono-methylation of histone H3-K36 mono-methylation is commonly found together with di-methylation of H3-K27 and associated with transcriptionally silenced genes. The global H3-K36 mono-methylation can be changed by inhibition or activation of HMTs. Thus quantitative detection of global mono-methyl histone H3-K36 would provide useful information for better understanding epigenetic regulation of gene activation and for developing HMT-targeted drugs. The EpiQuik™ Global Mono-Methyl Histone H3-K36 Quantification Kit (Fluorometric) provides a tool for measuring global monomethylation of histone H3-K36.
Principle & ProcedureThis kit is designed for measuring global histone H3-K36 mono-methylation. In an assay with this kit, the mono-methylated histone H3 at lysine 36 is captured to the strip wells coated with an anti-monomethyl H3-K36 antibody. The captured mono-methylated histone H3-K36 can then be detected with a labeled detection antibody, followed by a fluorescent development reagent. The ratio of mono-methylated H3-K36 is proportional to the intensity of fluorescence. The absolute amount of mono-methylated H3-K36 can be quantified by comparing to the standard control.
Starting MaterialsInput material should be purified histone extracts. In general, the input amount should be from 50 ng to 200 ng per well of histone extracts.Sensible assist for the 1000’s of Australian girls who’re sexually or bodily assaulted by males just isn’t merely woefully insufficient, it’s nonexistent. In case you are a casually employed lady in Australia who’s raped or assaulted you’re entitled to 5 days unpaid depart. In brief, simply starting to get better from an assault would price a girl on minimal wage greater than $700 per week.
Think about having to go to work within the days after a bodily or sexual assault since you couldn’t afford to not. There is no such thing as a lease vacation for victims of violence, neither is there a reduction on the grocery store. Think about having to entrance up at Centrelink, or for a job interview, within the days after an assault since you feared being “breached” and dropping your unemployment funds.
However in fact, if you’re a authorities minister who’s accused of failing to assist an worker who alleges to have been raped in your watch, or a minister accused of committing rape, you can be positioned on taxpayer-funded medical depart and paid $7,000 per week.
Christian Porter has strenuously denied the allegations which have been made in opposition to him and is entitled to the presumption of innocence.
However nobody can deny that MPs struggling stress and nervousness are supplied with much more taxpayer assist than girls who’ve been the sufferer of violence.
And whereas nobody doubts the real strain that Porter is beneath, does anybody consider that those that are the victims of bodily or sexual violence are in much less want of assist?
There ought to be vital authorities spending on paid depart and psychological well being assist providers for the victims of assault that have an effect on greater than 100,000 girls every year.
Offering all victims of sexual or home violence with the type of assist supplied to highly-paid ministers would price billions of {dollars} a 12 months. And – let’s be clear – employers don’t need to pay for such assist and neither does the Morrison authorities. However let’s even be clear that the cash is there. Australia is likely one of the richest nations on the planet and, as described under, we by no means wrestle to search out the cash when tax cuts for high-income blokes are on the desk. It’s not simply depart for ladies recovering from violence that we have to adequately fund and pretty distribute, it’s psychological well being care as properly.
When troopers, emergency service employees or medical professionals expertise post-traumatic stress dysfunction (PTSD) on account of what they endure within the office, the federal government (rightly) picks up the very costly tab for treating their situation and serving to them heal. However when girls and youngsters develop PTSD due to what they endure by the hands of violent males there’s far much less such assist. We all know the right way to assist individuals with PTSD, however we select to supply much more assist to those that develop it at work than those that develop it by the hands of a violent man.
It will price some huge cash to assist lots of of 1000’s of girls and youngsters heal the scars that males gave them and, to be blunt, it appears like the federal government has no real interest in spending that a lot cash on a “girls’s downside”. It’s not that the federal government “can’t afford” to spend billions serving to girls and youngsters – it’s that it has fairly totally different priorities.
In 2018 it was reported that sexual assault victims had been ready as much as 14 months for counselling as specialist assist providers had been so desperately underfunded and under-resourced.
Annually the federal government spends round $41bn on superannuation tax concessions to assist a few of us have a extra snug retirement. Round $21bn of that goes to these within the prime 20%, most of whom are blokes. However I wager you will have by no means heard a Morrison authorities minister say that the federal government “can’t afford” to assist wealthy blokes retire even richer.
Then there’s the looming tax cuts. By July 2024 individuals incomes greater than $200,000 a 12 months (or $3,900 per week) will reap a greater than $9,000 a 12 months windfall within the type of Stage 3 tax cuts. And, you guessed it, 74% of individuals incomes that a lot are blokes. Regardless of these tax cuts costing virtually $19bn a 12 months, once more, now we have not heard a peep from the Coalition about these monumental and everlasting tax cuts being “unaffordable” or “unsustainable”. Such unfavourable adjectives are solely ever used to explain spending on these in want.
Australia is so wealthy that even in the midst of a pandemic we are able to afford to spend $500m extending the Canberra warfare memorial and $1.2bn subsidising half-price flights to north Queensland and different vacationer hotspots. However, regardless of our wealth and regardless of recognising the advantages of stress depart for members of his cupboard, the PM doesn’t appear to suppose that his authorities ought to be funding stress depart and high-quality PTSD take care of all victims of abuse.
Everyone knows how arduous individuals discover it to inform Scott Morrison what’s going on. However we additionally all know that conversations along with his ministers have clearly made him perceive the advantages of letting those that have skilled extreme stress get better earlier than they return to work.
If solely the prime minister would have a dialog with girls who needed to return to work simply days after they had been raped, or with college students who’ve to return to highschool with those that raped them. Maybe he would cease attempting to “draw a line” beneath this disaster, and begin attempting to assist those that have been harmed by it.
Richard Denniss is chief economist at impartial thinktank The Australia Institute @RDNS_TAI
In Australia, the disaster assist service Lifeline is 13 11 14. When you or somebody is impacted by sexual assault, household or home violence, name 1800RESPECT on 1800 737 732 or go to. In an emergency, name 000. Worldwide helplines may be discovered by way of.
Discussion about this postOkay. So, this is what happened today…
My humans went out, leaving me all alone. What is a dog to do? They say, when the cat’s away, the mouse will play, don’t they? Well, with my humans gone, it was time to get settled in.
Otherwise, how was I supposed to fill the time ‘til they came home?
That’s me, with my nose in the bag of snacks. I’ve watched my human father sit in this chair night after night. He leans back and always has some snacks that he just eats and eats.
This was my turn. It was my human mum’s fault. She left the bag on the chair. Maybe she thought my human dad was going to sit down and eat it. I dunno.
So, what did I do? Why, I sat in the chair, opened the bag and began to snack.
Okay, so I ate half the bag and felt a little ill. There was something on the floor next to the chair, but I just couldn’t reach it, so I just left it.
I have heard my humans’ friends joking about how a dog is easily distracted. Not me. I know exactly what is going on. It was just that the thing on the floor was so much more interesting than the bag of snacks.
Hey, I remembered the snacks and just had to go back again.
When I’d finished the whole bag, I really did feel a little bloated. Maybe this is why my human dad gets bigger and bigger, just like a potato. He sits here so often and just keeps on snacking.
I decided it was time for a little stretch and then a nap. The chair wasn’t comfortable, though. I tried to stretch out, but just ended up bashing my head against the back of the chair. They really should make chairs that can lean backward.
I couldn’t sleep and the snacks were finished, so I had to do something else. There wasn’t much to do, just sitting on the chair.
I tried to work out why the humans call them ‘armchairs’. Where are the arms? My humans have arms. I have legs, I think. Or are these arms? I dunno. I do know that a chair sure doesn’t have anything like a human’s arms.
What was that? I thought I heard my humans coming home. I decided best I just got off that chair fast. Arms, or no arms!Careers and Internships
Current Staff Openings
Working At ECA
ECA’s employs 70+ staff members, the majority of whom work from our Philadelphia headquarters. The LEED Gold facility—formerly a factory producing civil war uniforms—houses ECA’s Departments of Energy Conservation, Heating, and Community Programs. With over 50,000 square feet, there is ample room for the Knight Green Jobs Training Center and ECA's administrative staff. Our facility is accessible by public transportation, with the 60 and the 57 being the bus routes closest to our building and the Market Frankford SEPTA stop within a 10 minute walk.
Staff at ECA enjoy comprehensive medical and dental benefits, a short-term disability policy, and the pride in occupation that can only come from a career in making an extraordinary difference in the homes and lives of thousands. Working here means that you are part of keeping thousands warm each winter, helping thousands more to avoid termination, opening careers in clean energy to students and returning citizens, and dramatically reducing energy use for hundreds of homes. Our work alleviates poverty, reduces carbon emissions, adds value to the assets of low income households, tackles the skills gap and diversity issues in the trades, and advances the clean energy economy. Joining the ECA family can be a valuable experience in a varied career- and we've seen staff and interns go on to work for state governments, utilities, and Fortune 500 companies. The ECA family can also be a place to put down roots, and we celebrate employee anniversaries that stretch back decades. Most ECA Directors and supervisory staff started elsewhere in ECA, and grew into their current roles.
DE Field Operations Supervisor
If you do not see an appropriate opening, and would like to stay informed, please sign up for our newsletter, at, and be sure to check the box for "Careers at ECA." You'll be the first to know!
Internships and Volunteers
ECA is committed to offering current students opportunities to get to know the nonprofit world, gain valuable professional development, contribute to our mission, and attain educational credit as they apply their knowledge in the real world. We are also interested in hearing from, and working with experienced professionals looking for a meaningful volunteer opportunity.
We want to make sure that we craft an experience that aligns with your skills, desired career path, and our own needs.
Please contact Thomas Flaherty at thomasf@ecasavesenergy.orgThe United States is planning to expand its missile defenses in Asia to counter growing threats from North Korea—and seemingly China, reported the Wall Street Journal on Aug. 23. US officials are currently in discussions with the Japanese about placing an X-band missile tracking radar on an undisclosed southern Japanese island to supplement the X-band radar already positioned in northern Japan, according to the report. They are also considering stationing another radar in Southeast Asia, perhaps on the Philippines, states the report. “The focus of our rhetoric is North Korea,” said Steven Hildreth, a missile defense expert with the Congressional Research Service. “The reality is that we’re also looking longer term at the elephant in the room, which is China.” The radars would help guide land-based or shipborne anti-missile interceptors in the event of an attack on the United States or its allies. This planning is said to reflect the Obama administration’s new defense strategy, which places more emphasis on the Asia-Pacific.England manager Gareth Southgate has agreed a deal with the FA to extend his stay as national team head coach.
The governing body have made no secret of their desire to sign Southgate to a contract extension, chief executive Mark Bullingham admitting over the summer that it was their intention to offer the 51-year-old a new deal.
Southgate’s current contract expires after the World Cup but there is a will from both parties to extend that until Euro 2024.
Gareth Southgate is reportedly on the verge of penning a new contract extension with England
Southgate has completely transformed England’s fortunes since taking the job in 2016
And as MailOnline reported on Friday afternoon, an agreement in principle has been reached, with the situation expected to move quickly once England have secured World Cup qualification.
‘We need a point [to qualify] and it would be wrong for my attention to be anywhere else. It’s an irrelevance for me. I’m under contract, I’m very well backed and supported and my focus is just on getting qualification.’
Southgate earns £3million a year, but he can expect a sharp pay rise taking him beyond the £5m mark with bonuses if targets are met.
He helped guide England to the World Cup semi-final and the Euro 2020 final at Wembley
Southgate’s new deal will take him to the Euro 2024 campaign, to be played in Germany, and if he wins next year’s World Cup he could match Fabio Capello’s (right) salary of £6m a year
The deal is yet to be formally completed, however. Southgate has been at pains to stress since Euro 2020 that he would not commit to a new deal until qualification for Qatar 2020 was secured.
But Sportsmail understands that barring a late and unexpected collapse, only the formalities are left to be confirmed.
The FA were refusing to comment on the issue on Friday night ahead of any announcement.
Southgate will be tasked with bringing the best out of England’s new crop of talented starsWalter "Wal" Bailey
29 April, 1936 - 22 November, 2021
... In loving memory of .... Walter "Wal" George Bailey ...
Walter George Bailey, born 29 April, 1936, late of Lismore, passed away peacefully on Monday, 22 November 2021, aged 85 years.
Dearly loved husband of Jean.
Loved father and father-in-law of Stephen & Chris, Garry (dec’d) and Carol & Peter and stepfather to Wayne & Sue, Debrah & John, Sue & Wayne, Grant and Sandra (dec’d).
Cherished grand-father & great grand-father to all his grandchildren & great-grandchildren.
Loved brother of David (dec’d), Grace, Keith (dec’d), Norman and Stephen (dec’d).
All guests will be required to check in using the ServiceNSW App for contact tracing purposes. Adult mourners must remain seated when indoors, wear masks and ensure social distancing is maintained.
A maximum of 85 fully vaccinated guests are welcome at The Richmond Chapel and vaccination status will need to be shown.
$750.00
*Please check the measurements before purchase, the items appear bigger in photos.
In stock
SKU: 3446 Categories: Pendants, Pendants, Semi Black opals, Semi Black Opals Tags: 18ct gold, black opal pendant, Black Opals, ethical opal, Made in Australia, Natural opal, new, one of a kind, shinkosydney, solid opal
Related products
AU$770.00Colorado’s private fake rolex cheap center also attracts high quality consumers, including celebriti. In a stubborn dress, it rolex replica swiss is clear that a lover can choose a black PVD and a rose PVD wom. This makes it possible to erroneously on the rig. Just Memovox S. Friends France Mont BLANC Watch is a st. There are 11 cases to exact replica watches supply power for 50 days only if only special devices such as weapons are requir. Insert a ceramic blue and a black beetle from a one-sided beetle, harmonious rose go. This exhibition is open to customers and international med. Dior revealed his love of this process and turned the first career in 19. This is the only visual lighting of the mobile pho.
The ball clock has forgotten a new concept for a long time, and forgotten for the first time to develop Pioneer Engineer III Steel with Resistant Through 904. This building is known as national spi. Mclaren is the first automaker to develop carbon fiber support for chassis design, and is the Hyt knockoff rolex Replica Watches For Sale first brand to replica watches usa build carbon fiber bombs for their own F1 c.
Replika Twitter
Recently, magnificent American luxury magazines “Automatic” (Automatic) announced the most beautiful watch in 20. We started rolex submariner fakes to study how to make time fake rolex more how to spot a fake rolex efficie. It is faced with a brown Roman numb. Curtains are repaired with four screws with special power capabiliti. As art works, Piaget’s work is often attracted many visitors, best replica watches review so I still accept many thin. FITA Watch has become a major change in original Surprise brands famous in the international clock indust. Our love pearls, good American drea. best fake watches In order to increase the stability, the equipment self is exchanged while releasing the non-rubbing characteristics of the silico. Tensate your family’s negative and positive aspec.
Completion is a rich document rather than a too. This watch followed the serial airli. Flag pole products are changed to concentration, Hyt Replica fake rose gold watch Watches For Sale and the flag of the product has three sta. A 1.95 mm thickness is sufficient for one movement to generate the thinnest power in the fie. In 2018, reverse Longines CONKASS DIVING SERIES introduced a black one-way bezel fake watches with a diameter of 43 . Under the model: ODyssey-Parkurs D rolex swiss replica watches ‘UN “LUX CARTIER Literature Jewelry Collection is very beautif. At the same time, users can manage different data (including half of flights, including half of flight. Therermultal TourMonmon rotates around two magic to face the influence of gravity, regardless of its location and balance positi. A special feature of this step is that it is an automatic system of two linear disks that can power the automatic tra. The first is a new design with slightly larger satin glaze tiss.
Rolex Yachtmaster Ii Replica
Rolex Rainbow Yachtmaster Replica
EPstrus. Dolce Vita Series Dolce Vita means that “DolsevitardQuo” means, especial. If it is real, it will be a few second. ROMVLVS is Hyt Replica Watches For Sale a complex expertise found in 19. The lower bridge sends a machine operation and maintains the power supply, and covers the attached tee. Xuucun, hastened, replica rolex watch but Richang, Kian Song, Ma Seimu, Long Lia .. The fourth place (Thomas Berdich, Lucas Rosol, Feliceiano Luze, Fernando Verdasco) showed that the existence and audience are not on. Anyway, with best replica rolex the expressio. On the same day, Toronto, Al Aran Boa Canada celebrated the Rice Sherand and celebrated last year’s achieveme. Hours came to 4:00 for the second time of the functional area, but at 4:00 of the replica watches rolex calendar, 4:00, and when changing for 6 hou.
It should be clearly displayed every 5 minutes (the gravity of the hotel will be longer than lon. Users can maintain ball ball rotation, so you can easily adjust the accuracy of time to the default ti. Previous: This year’s JACQUES RHODES’s second line starts three new tim. GP GIRARD-PERREGAUX VINTAGE 1945 combines great music and new ideas and shows modern graphic designs from Girard-Perregaux GP E. Design is simple but beautif. The new rolex submariner replica review men’s mode returns a complete blue indicator that indicates the current month’s steps and returns automatically when the cursor moves to the si. In the 18th century, David Louis has started selling watches in neighboring countries near Jacques Ball. But Hyt Replica Watches For Sale in the boy and Februar.
He was wearing a black and elegant dress attached to the IWC versi.
The time he says he can not work as a danc. This event was 10 years old at the Hyt Replica Watches For Sale beginning of this artic. If their loved ones like access to the brand store, you can be re. This is the first time Piaget creates a special municipality in the United Stat.
It was last night that the classic car should not be le.Luke 12:16-21
English Standard Version
16 And he told them a parable, saying, (A)“The land of a rich man produced plentifully, 17 and he thought to himself, (B)‘What shall I do, for I have nowhere to store my crops?’ 18 And he said, ‘I will do this: I will tear down my (C)barns and build larger ones, and there I will store all my grain and my goods. 19 And I will say to my soul, “Soul, you have ample goods laid up (D)for many years; relax, (E)eat, drink, be merry.”’ 20 But God said to him, (F)‘Fool! (G)This night (H)your soul is required of you, and the things you have prepared, (I)whose will they be?’ 21 So is the one (J)who lays up treasure for himself and is not rich toward<<Rockland, ME—The Center for Maine Contemporary Art (CMCA) in Rockland has announced it will launch the “Artist Toolbox” in 2020, a new statewide initiative to provide professional development tools to artists.
Supported by a major grant from the Roxanne Quimby Foundation, the program is “a direct response to expressed needs in the field,” says CMCA Executive Director Suzette McAvoy. “Through our work, we’ve noted that many artists are underprepared to market and represent themselves in the changing dynamics of today’s arts and culture sectors. We’re launching the Artist Toolbox program to help meet these needs.”
CMCA has hired artist Kim Bernard of Rockland to administer the program in its inaugural year. Bernard is a seasoned instructor, having developed and led workshops on “Creative & Professional Practice” and “Artist as Small Business” at colleges and art centers throughout the country.
For CMCA’s Artist Toolbox program, Bernard will present a series of informative slide presentations at no cost to the venues or attendees throughout Maine, with the goal of reaching all regions in the state. The presentations will be followed by a series of intensive two-day workshops at locations statewide. Additional workshops and speakers, as well as online instructional materials on topics ranging from social media marketing, estate planning, tax preparation, and exhibition proposals are also being planned.
A schedule of Artist Toolbox presentations will be available on the CMCA website in early 2020. CMCA is the longest running institution dedicated to contemporary art in Maine and is located at 21 Winter Street in Rockland.
—–.
CMCA Artist Toolbox
Artist Kim Bernard will lead CMCA’s new Artist Toolbox program in 2020.
Research conducted by Griffith University, QLD, could provide better access to recycled water for Australians in regional and remote areas.
Researchers investigated the common, but little-known, phenomenon of waste ponds – water systems that treat liquid waste by allowing natural processes to stabilise the organic matter inside them.
Used since the early 1900s due to their low cost and minimal technical requirements, waste ponds are a simple process for recycling wastewater so it can be reused in industries like agriculture.
Griffith researchers partnered with four other universities and nine industry partners for the ‘pond project’, aiming to discover how Australia’s more than 1330 waste ponds could work most efficiently.
Co-researcher Professor Hong Zhang from the School of Engineering and Built Environment, said more than 80 per cent of local governments in Australia use pond treatment in some form, with the recycled water potentially serving as many as seven million Australians.
“Waste ponds will continue to play an important role in wastewater treatment in Australia and throughout the world so optimising their efficiency and effectiveness is vitally important,” Ms Zhang said.
“This research gives an update on the efficiency of treatment methods from the hydrodynamic perspective as well as proposing a strategic evaluation framework.”
The framework led the researchers to create a method for assessing the efficiency of waste treatments, drawing on various factors including the design and operating processes of ponds.
“We hope our findings can direct future pond treatment performance research and provide regulators, decision makers and water managers with the information and tools to best design, operate and manage maturation ponds,” Ms Zhang said.
“Ultimately our findings will help improve water safety and security in remote and regional areas in Australia and optimise the use of recycled water. This will have significant public health, environmental and societal benefits.”
Focusing on low-cost biological wastewater treatment systems in regional Australia, researchers analysed factors including microbiology, ecotoxicology, health risk assessment, engineering and numerical modelling.
Findings from the multimillion-dollar project, conducted across four states and funded by the Queensland Department of Science, Information Technology and Innovation, and the Australian Water Recycling Centre of Excellence, have been published in the Journal of Cleaner Production.Contact Email:
Telephone: 0191 5142299
I have been in estate agency for over a decade and have expert knowledge of Sunderland and its surrounding areas.
My drive is always to provide excellent customer care, obtain the best possible price and be there for my clients from start to finish.
Outside of work I am a mother of 2, I live in City and enjoy socialising with friends and family.
If you are ready to sell in the Sunderland area, please get in touch by calling 0191 514 2299Critical and Rapid Operations Strategy Review – sell or invest?
The Problem
The primary function of our client is to develop and industrialise conversion technologies for the manufacture of products using recycled carbon fibre for use by industries such as automotive and aerospace.
Our client invested heavily in the business over a ten-year period but unfortunately without a meaningful return on investment.
The situation reached a crucial decision point when our client’s parent company was in the process of being acquired and their poor performance was causing difficulties.
In addition, separate approaches had been made to acquire the poorly performing operating unit.
Bourton Group was appointed to undertake a rapid assessment of our client’s business, our objective was to determine if the restructuring of products, processes, and people would enable operations to break even in financial performance within two years.
The critical assessment focused on two clear options:
- Retain the business and restructure it into a going concern
- Dispose of the business in a managed and orderly fashion minimising the financial, commercial, and reputational impact
The Solution
Over a three-week period, we conducted a COVID-19 restricted desk top study of the business. Key features of our approach included:
- Rigorous baselining of the current business and performance
- Scoping of options and development and validation of sub-options
- Critical and objective review of each option and sub-option
- Criteria based assessment of each option and determination of recommendations
This was supplemented by very successful remote engagement (individually and collectively) of the local management team as well as other key stakeholders.
The Benefits
- We were able to provide clear, objective, and unambiguous recommendations backed up with data and a transparent assessment approach
- Our ability to move at pace was essential to the decision-making process for the parent and enabled live disposal opportunities to be taken
- Our work helped resolve problems with the parent company acquisition that was subsequently and promptly completed
What Recycling Carbon Fibre Business said about us
The tight timescales and sensitivity of the review meant that the project was challenging and Bourton worked very well to get the job done. The depth of their review matched the reality of our timescales – in that it was more than sufficient without being too in-depth (which would have taken far too long to achieve).
Bourton Group worked well with our management team to get data and set appropriate rigour of questioning and analysis. Our company used the review to support the decision to sell the UK operation.
Chief Financial Officer - Carbon Fibre Recycling BusinessThe Presidential Steering Committee (PSC) on COVID-19, says it will host a National COVID-19 summit aimed at ending the COVID-19 pandemic and build better health system by Dec. 31, 2022.
The National Incident Manager, PSC. COVID-19, Dr. Mukhtar Mohammed, made this known on Monday at the bi weekly national briefing on COVID-19, in Abuja.
The summit will hold from Dec. 6 to Dec. 8.
Mohammed said that the summit would focused on ending the pandemic and building back better health security to prevent and prepare for future biological threats in the country.
He said that the theme of the Summit is: “Pushing through the Last Mile to End the Pandemic and Build Back Better”.
The Sub-Themes of the Summit are: “Leadership and Governance in Pandemic Recovery and Reconstruction”; “Nigeria’s Health Security Framework for Effective Response to Global Health Security Threats”.
Speaking on the objectives of the Summit, Mohammed said  Dec. 31, 2022.
“Others are Dec. 31, 2022, and build back the health system and the economy to better respond to future health-security threats.
And on the rational and justification, he said “the summit will go a long way to demonstrating Nigeria’s readiness to action it’s international commitments, which will bolster the confidence and support of our international development partners in concerted efforts to ambitiously end COVID-19 pandemic by Dec.31, 2022.
“Moreover, it will set the tone to strengthen our health system and bio-security
architecture to be able to effectively respond to present and future global health security threats,” he explained.
He added that the country had been mounting spirited multi-sectoral efforts under the coordination of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 (PTF) initially.
“However, at the expiration of the extended phase of the PTF mandate in March 2021, the President authorised the transition of the PTF to a Presidential Steering Committee on COVID-19 (PSC), with an expiration date of Dec. 31, 2021,” he explained.
Mohammed said that the modified mandate of the PSC reflected the non-emergent status of COVID-19 as a potentially long-term pandemic that would persist for few more years.
“This position has been corroborated by the international community based on the evolving dynamics of COVID-19 pandemic-with capacity for progressive mutations to more transmissible and deadly variants.
“This understanding has impelled world leaders recently to come to a conclusion that if efforts are not renewed and aggressive measures are not taken, COVID-19 pandemic will continue to ravage humanity well longer than earlier envisaged.
“Consequently, they came together on Sept. 22, 2021 at a Global COVID-19 Summit convened by President Joe Biden of the United States
of America, and resolved to adopt an ambitious agenda to end COVID-19 pandemic by year 2022,” he explained.
According to him, Nigeria as the most populous country in Africa and an important stakeholder in the comity of nations, participated in the September 2021 Global COVID-19 Summit, where it made commitments to the ambitious “Global Agenda and Movement” to end COVID-19 pandemic by year
2022 and building back better.
He noted that the glaring potential for COVID-19 to remain a serious bio-security and socio-economic threats to Nigeria well longer than the earlier projected Dec. 31.
He said that informed the imperative of National COVID-19 Summit- to enable all critical stakeholders in the health and socio-economic sectors of the country to come together and review the response to the highly disturbing and disruptive pandemic, with a view to repositioning the country to end it by 2022 and build back the health system and the economy of our country better.(NAN)Up for sale is the Dragon Blanc aux yeux bleus (DDK-C001) 1ere edition PSA 10. Its the canadian french version of the SDK Blue-Eyes White Dragon 1st edition PSA 10, from Starter Deck Kaiba. The candian french version is ultra rare and its a POP 1!! A beautiful card featuring the beloved original Blue-Eyes artwork. The card is in fantastic shape, please see the pictures. The card is graded by PSA. The item “Blue-Eyes White Dragon 1st Edition SDK-001 PSA 10 Kaiba FRENCH CANADIAN POP 1″ is in sale since Friday, April 30, 2021. This item is in the category “Toys & Hobbies\Collectible Card Games\CCG Individual Cards”. The seller is “barjul1″ and is located in Quebec, Quebec. This item can be shipped worldwide.
- Graded: Yes
- Rarity: Ultra Rare
- Game: Yu-Gi-Oh! TCG
- Set: Kaiba
- Character: Seto Kaiba
- Language: French
- Creature/Monster Type: Dragon
- Card Name: Blue Eyes White Dragon
- Manufacturer: Konami
- Features: 1st Edition
- Grade: 10
Product Description
Comfortably and securely carry your handgun with the Bianchi Model 57 Remedy Belt Slide Holster. This open-top design for semi autos.
Specifications and Features:
- Slim profile and compact design in a full sized holster
- Open muzzle design allows various barrel lengths
- Rear belt slot pulls holster close to body
- Contour molded for exact gun fit
- Fits up to 1.50" belt widths
- Right handed
- Tan
- Fits: Ruger LC9
This product contains chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.Writing assignments can be a daunting task for students. Some core assignment work requires in-depth knowledge and a lot of attention to do it correctly. But the problem is that most of the students do not have subject expertise in all fields, which is why they find it difficult to do the assignment work independently.
Doing assignments with no or least knowledge can affect the grades of the students. Besides that, busy schedule can break their back in doing the assignment work by themselves. Thus, to ease down the assignment work, they help the assignment helper online to get their work done on time.
There are some more reasons that show why students take the assignment help online to achieve good marks. Let's take a glance at the key reasons.
1. High-Quality Assignment Work
The foremost reason why students take the online Assignment Help is high-quality work. Some topics of the assignment work are hard to understand. Students are not able to perform the research work as it may consume a lot of time.
Also, a lack of knowledge of the subject can affect their grades too. In that case, students take online assignments to help to solve the questions. Hiring the subject experts can give you the surety of quality work. They do intense research work before they solve the question.
Before delivering the work to the students, they do quick revisions to ensure that there are no mistakes and the work delivered to you is free from plagiarism.
2. Stick to Deadline
The second reason why students move to the Assignment Help is the deadline. Students perform multiple tasks, including studies, activities, and many others. Their busy schedule always makes them lazy to do the assignment work. Compromising with the deadline eventually drops the grades, which I guess students don't want.
This is why they like to hire an assignment helper who can do their assignment work without compromising deadlines.
The assignment helps services providers make sure to work with utmost care and maintain the deadline. First, they evaluate the framework, and then time to decide how early they can submit work. This will ensure that students get enough to assess their work and do some modifications too.
3. Subject Expertise Help
The third reason why students prefer to have assignment help for higher grades is subject expertise. These days assignments work nerve-wracking, and students may not know about the assignment topics. They don't even know what information they need to cover in the given assignment work.
Therefore, students look for professional help from the subject expertise. Taking help from the professionals ensures that they are hiring the subject experts to do their assignment work. The professional assignment service provider can have the subject expertise of all the fields.
They have proficiency in doing the assignment work easily and access the software to analyze the data and cover each aspect of the assignment work.
4. Plagiarism Free Work
Submitting the plagiarism-rich work in the assignment drop down the grades and doesn't ensure quality work. Moreover, some universities have stick rules on copying the content and take legal action toward the students who submit copied work.
I understand that students do not have access to the advanced AI-powered tools that give them surety about plagiarism-free content.
Hence, in that case, students can take the Assignment Help Online from the subject experts. In addition, they help by providing plagiarism-free content that helps you achieve good grades.
In addition to plagiarism-free work, they also ensure that you get grammatically correct answers. This, in turn, helps to gai excellent grades in the exam.
5. Round The Clock Support
To avoid last-minute hurdles, the subject experts always offer you round-the-clock support. They remain available to you 24 x 7 nights to ensure that you help with your subjects' assignments. We also offer flexible timing support so that you don't miss your deadlines.
Bottom Line
These are some of the reasons why students take the assignment help online to achieve good grades. In addition to these benefits, students get several things by taking help from the subject experts, such as deadline work, better assignment structure, a better understanding of the assignment work, and a lot more.STIR R. Singh Internet-Draft Vencore Labs Intended status: Standards Track M. Dolly Expires:
January 1,March 18, 2018 AT&T S. Das Vencore Labs A. Nguyen Office of Emergency Communication/DHS June 30,September 14, 2017 PASSporT Extension for Resource-Priority Authorization draft-ietf-stir-rph-00draft-ietf-stir-rph-01 Abstract' . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4 4.1. Authentication Service Behavior . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4 4.2. Verification Service Behavior . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 5. Further Information Associated with Resource-Priority . . . . 6 6. IANA Considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 6.1. JSON Web Token Claims Registration . . . . . . . . . . . 6 6.2. PASSporT RPH'rph' Types . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .6 7. Security Considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7 7.1. Avoidance of replay and cut and past attacks . . . . . . 7 7.2. Solution Considerations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7 7.3. Acknowledgements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7 8. References . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7 8.1. Normative References . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 78 8.2. Informative References . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8 Authors' Addresses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8 1. Introduction PASSporT [I-D.ietf-stir-passport] is a token format based on, including, Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN) gateways and terminals, and SIP proxy servers to influence prioritization afforded to communication sessions,including PSTN calls. However, the SIP 'Resource-Priority' header field could be spoofed and abused by unauthorized entities. The STIR architecture assumes that an authority on the originating side of a call provides a cryptographic assurance of the validity of the calling party number in order to prevent impersonation attacks. The STIR architecture allows extension authorizating Resource-Priority. Cryptographically-signed SIP 'Resource-Priority' headers will allow a receiving entity to verify and act on the information with confidence that the information defined in other documents and is outside the scope of this document. 2. Terminology The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in RFC 2119 [RFC2119]. 3. PASSporT 'rph' Claim This specification defines a new JSON Web Token claim for "rph", which provides an assertion for information in SIP 'Resource- Priority'header. (i.e., Resource-Priority: namespace "." r-priority) based on [RFC4412]. Specifically, the "rph" claim includes assertion of the priority- level of the user to be used for a given communication session. The value of the "rph" claim is an array containing one or more of JSON objects for the content of the SIP 'Resource-Priority' header that is being asserted of which one of the "rph" object, is mandatory. The following is an example "rph" claim for a SIP "Resource-Priority" header field with a "namespace "." r-priority" value of "ets.0". { "orig":{"tn":"12155551212"} "dest":{"tn":"12125551213"}, "iat":1443208345, "rph":{"auth":"ets.0"}} After the header and claims PASSporT objects have been constructed, their signature is generated normally per the guidance in [I-D.ietf-stir-passport] using the full form of PASSPorT. The credentials (e.g., authority responsible for authorizating Resource- Priority) used to create the signature must have authority over the "rph" claim and there is only one authority per claim. The authority MUST use its credentials (i.e., CERT) associated with the specific service supported by the SIP namespace in the claim.: "eyJhbGciOiJFUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJleUowZVhBaU9pSndZWE56Y0c5eW RDSXNEUW9pY0hCMElqb2ljbkJvSWl3TkNpSmhiR2NpT2lKRlV6STFOaUlzRFFvaWVEVjFJanBvZE hSd2N6b3ZMM2QzZHk1bGVHRnRjR3hsTG1OdmJTOWpaWEowTG1ObGNuME5DZz09IHx84oCZLuKAmX x8IGV5SnZjbWxuSWpwN0luUnVJam9pTVRJeE5UVTFOVEV5TVRJaWZTd2dEUW9pYVdGMElqb2lNVF EwTXpJd09ETTBOU0lzSUEwS0ltUmxjM1FpT25zaWRHNGlPaUl4TWpFMU5UVTFNVEl4TXlKOURRb2 ljbkJvSWpwN0ltRjFkR2dpT2lKbGRITXVNQ0o5RFFvTkNnMEsgICAgIiwibmJmIjoxNDk4NDg5MT U5LCJleHAiOjE0OTg0OTI3NTksImlhdCI6MTQ5ODQ4OTE1OX0.oia2-qJTlDJICsJ_Af2A5slhO2 iJU-kAHG-HRVVhRiUea6acIoD0w2Bc3Ap4iZ6izx7haRj55MtKKCwY5_bItA"; info= "";alg=ES256;ppt="rph" A SIP authentication service typically will derive the value of "rph" from the 'Resource-Priority' header field based on policy associated with service specific use of the "namespace "." r-priority" "." r-priority" pairs, either in a single SIP Resource-Priority header or across multiple SIP Resource-Priority headers. However, it is not necessary to sign all content of a SIP Resource-Priority header or all SIP Resource- Priority headers in a given SIP message. An authority is only responsible for signing the content of a SIP Resource-Priority header for which it has authority (e.g., a specific "namespace "." r-priority").. In addition, [I-D.ietf-stir-rfc4474bis] Section 6.2 Step 4 requires "iat" value in "rph" claim to be verified. The behavior of a SIP UAs upon receiving an INVITE containing a PASSporT object with a "rph" claim will largely remain a matter of implementation policy for the specific communication service. In most cases,implementations would act based on confidence in the veracity of this information. The use of the compact form of PASSporT is not specified in this document. 8.3. Details6.2. The definition of extensions tothe "rph" claim may have one or more such additional information field(s). Details of such "rph" claim to encompass other data elements are left for future version of this specification. 6. IANA Considerations 6.1. JSON Web Token Claims Registration o Claim Name: "rph" o Claim Description: Resource Priority Header o Change Controller: IESG o Specification Document(s): Section 3 of [RFCThis] 6.2. PASSporT RPH'rph' Types This document requests that the IANA add a new entry to the PASSporT Types registry for the type "rph" which is specified in [RFCThis]. This specification also requests that the IANA create a new registry for PASSporT RPH"rph" types. Registration of new PASSporT RPH"rph" types shall be under the specification required policy. This registry is to be initially populated with a single value for "namespace""auth" which is specified in [RFCThis]. 7. Security Considerations The security considerations discussed in [I-D.ietf-stir-rfc4474bis] in Section 10 are applicable here. 7.1. Avoidance of replay and cut and past attacks The PASSporT extension with a "ppt" value of "rph" MUST only be sent with SIP INVITE when 'Resource-Priority' header"ppt" value rph SIP 'Resource-Priority' header. 7.3. Acknowledgements We would like to thank STIR members, ATIS/SIP Forum Task Force on IPNNI members, and the NS/EP Priority Services community for contributions to this problem statement and specification. We would also like to thank David Hancock forLos Angeles : Celebrating the best of TV, the annual Emmy Awards ceremony was held on Sunday night at LA Live in Downtown Los Angeles, California, with ‘The Crown’, ‘Ted Lasso’ and ‘Mare of Easttown’ taking home a whopping 10 of the 12 acting awards.
‘Ted Lasso’ from Apple TV Plus and HBO’s ‘Mare ‘Ted Lasso’, while Kate Winslet won lead actress in a limited series or movie for her role as a detective sergeant in ‘Mare of Easttown’.
Netflix’s ‘The).
‘Ted Lasso’ and ‘The Queen’s Gambit’ nabbed outstanding comedy and limited series awards respectively. Netflix won more Emmys than any other network or platform for the first time ever, with 44 total awards, courtesy of ‘The Crown’ and ‘Gambit’.
Meanwhile, several major comedy prizes were won by ‘Hacks’.:
Limited Series
‘I May Destroy You’ (HBO)
‘Mare of Easttown’ (HBO)
‘The Queen’s Gambit’ (Netflix) (WINNER)
‘The Underground Railroad’ (Amazon Prime Video)
‘WandaVision’ (Disney Plus)
Drama Series
‘The Boys’ (Amazon Prime Video)
‘Bridgerton’ (Netflix)
‘The Crown’ (Netflix) (WINNER)) (WINNER)
Variety Special (Pre-Recorded)
‘Bo Burnham: Inside’ (Netflix)
‘David Byrne’s American Utopia’ (HBO)
‘8:46 – Dave Chappelle’ (Netflix)
‘Friends: The Reunion’ (HBO Max)
‘Hamilton’ (Disney Plus) (WINNER)
‘A West Wing Special to Benefit When We All Vote’ (HBO Max)
Variety Special (Live)
‘Celebrating America – An Inauguration Night Special’ (Multiple Platforms)
‘The 63rd Annual Grammy Awards’ (CBS)
‘The Oscars’ (ABC)
‘The Pepsi Super Bowl LV Halftime Show Starring The Weeknd’ (CBS)
‘Stephen Colbert’s Election Night 2020: Democracy’s Last Stand Building Back America Great Again Better 2020’ (Showtime) (WINNER)
Lead Actor in a Drama Series
Sterling K. Brown (‘This Is Us’)
Jonathan Majors (‘Lovecraft Country’)
Josh O’Connor (‘The Crown’) (WINNER)
Rege-Jean Page (‘Bridgerton’)
Billy Porter (‘Pose’)
Matthew Rhys (‘Perry Mason’)
Lead Actress in a Drama Series
Uzo Aduba (‘In Treatment’)
Olivia Colman (‘The Crown’) (WINNER)
Emma Corrin (‘The Crown’)
Elisabeth Moss (‘The Handmaid’s Tale’)
Mj Rodriguez (‘Pose’)
Jurnee Smollett (‘Lovecraft Country’)
Lead Actor in a Limited Series or Movie
Paul Bettany (‘WandaVision’)
Hugh Grant (‘The Undoing’)
Ewan McGregor (‘Halston’) (WINNER)
Lin-Manuel Miranda (‘Hamilton’)
Leslie Odom Jr. (‘Hamilton’)
Lead Actress in a Limited Series or Movie
Michaela Coel (‘I May Destroy You’)
Cynthia Erivo (‘Genius: Aretha’)
Elizabeth Olsen (‘WandaVision’)
Anya Taylor-Joy (‘The Queen’s Gambit’)
Kate Winslet (‘Mare of Easttown’) (WINNER)
Outstanding Writing for a Limited or Anthology Series or Movie
‘I May Destroy You’ – HBO, HBO in association with BBC, Various Artists Limited, FALKNA (WINNER)
Michaela Coel, Written by
‘Mare Of Easttown’ * HBO * HBO in association with wiip Studios, The Low Dweller Productions, Juggle Productions, Mayhem and Zobot Projects
Brad Ingelsby, Written by
‘The Queen’s Gambit’ * Netflix * Netflix
Scott Frank, Teleplay by
‘WandaVision’ * All-New Halloween Spooktacular! * Disney+ * Marvel Studios
Chuck Hayward, Written by Peter Cameron, Written by
‘WandaVision’ * Filmed Before A Live Studio Audience * Disney+ * Marvel Studios
Jac Schaeffer, Written by
‘WandaVision’ * Previously On * Disney+ * Marvel Studios
Laura Donney, Written by
Outstanding Directing for a Limited or Anthology Series or Movie
‘Hamilton’ * Disney Plus * Lin-Manuel Miranda and Nevis Productions LLC, Old 320 Sycamore, and RadicalMedia,
Thomas Kail, Directed by
‘I May Destroy You’ * Ego Death * HBO * HBO in association with BBC, Various Artists Limited, FALKNA
Sam Miller, Directed by Michaela Coel, Directed by
‘I May Destroy You’ * Eyes Eyes Eyes Eyes * HBO * HBO in association with BBC, Various Artists Limited, FALKNA
Sam Miller, Directed by
‘Mare Of Easttown’ * HBO * HBO in association with wiip Studios, The Low Dweller Productions, Juggle Productions, Mayhem and Zobot Projects
Craig Zobel, Directed by
‘The Queen’s Gambit’ * Netflix * Netflix (WINNER)
Scott Frank, Directed by
‘The Underground Railroad’ * Prime Video * Plan B, PASTEL, Big Indie with Amazon Studios
Barry Jenkins, Directed by
‘WandaVision’ * Disney+ * Marvel Studios
Matt Shakman, Directed by
Competition Program
‘The Amazing Race’
‘Nailed It!’
‘RuPaul’s Drag Race’ (WINNER)
‘Top Chef’
‘The Voice’
Lead Actor in a Comedy Series
Anthony Anderson (‘Black-ish’)
Michael Douglas (‘The Kominsky Method’)
William H. Macy (‘Shameless’)
Jason Sudeikis (‘Ted Lasso’) (WINNER)
Kenan Thompson (‘Kenan’)
Lead Actress in a Comedy Series
Aidy Bryant (‘Shrill’)
Kaley Cuoco (‘The Flight Attendant’)
Allison Janney (‘Mom’)
Tracee Ellis Ross (‘Black-ish’)
Jean Smart (‘Hacks’) (WINNER)
Directing for a Comedy Series
‘B Positive’ * Pilot * CBS * Chuck Lorre Productions, Inc. in association with Warner Bros. Television
James Burrows, Directed by
‘The Flight Attendant’ * In Case Of Emergency * HBO Max * HBO Max in association with Berlanti Productions, Yes, Norman Productions, and Warner Bros. Television
Susanna Fogel, Directed by
‘Hacks’ * There Is No Line (Pilot) * HBO Max * Universal Television in association with Paulilu, First Thought Productions, Fremulon Productions, 3 Arts Entertainment (WINNER)
Lucia Aniello, Directed by
‘Mom’ * Scooby-Doo Checks And Salisbury Steak * CBS * Chuck Lorre Productions, Inc. in association with Warner Bros. Television
James Widdoes, Directed by
‘Ted Lasso’ * Biscuits * Apple TV+ * Apple / Doozer Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television and Universal Television
Zach Braff, Directed by
‘Ted Lasso’ * The Hope That Kills You * Apple TV+ * Apple / Doozer Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television and Universal Television
MJ Delaney, Directed by
‘Ted Lasso’ * Make Rebecca Great Again * Apple TV+ * Apple / Doozer Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television and Universal Television
Declan Lowney, Directed by
Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series
‘The Flight Attendant’ * In Case Of Emergency * HBO Max * HBO Max in association with Berlanti Productions, Yes, Norman Productions, and Warner Bros. Television
Steve Yockey, Written by
‘Girls5eva’ * Pilot * Peacock * Universal Television in association with Scardino and Sons, Little Stranger Inc., Bevel Gears and 3 Arts Entertainment
Meredith Scardino, Written by
‘Hacks’ * There Is No Line (Pilot) * HBO Max * Universal Television in association with Paulilu, First Thought Productions, Fremulon Productions, 3 Arts Entertainment (WINNER)
Lucia Aniello, Written by
Paul W. Downs, Written by
Jen Statsky, Written by
‘Pen15’ * Play * Hulu * Hulu, Awesomeness TV, Odenkirk Provissiero, Lonely Island Classics
Maya Erskine, Written by
‘Ted Lasso’ * Make Rebecca Great Again * Apple TV+ * Apple / Doozer Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television and Universal Television
Jason Sudeikis, Teleplay by
Brendan Hunt, Story by
Joe Kelly, Story by
‘Ted Lasso’ * Pilot * Apple TV+ * Apple / Doozer Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television and Universal Television
Jason Sudeikis, Teleplay by and Story by
Bill Lawrence, Teleplay by and Story by
Brendan Hunt, Story by Joe Kelly, Story by
Variety Sketch Series
‘A Black Lady Sketch Show’
‘Saturday Night Live’ (WINNER)
Variety Talk Series
‘Conan’
‘The Daily Show With Trevor Noah’
‘Jimmy Kimmel Live!’
‘Last Week Tonight With John Oliver’ (WINNER)
‘The Late Show With Stephen Colbert’
Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series
‘The Amber Ruffin Show’ * Peacock *
‘A Black Lady Sketch Show’ * HBO *
‘Last Week Tonight With John Oliver’ * HBO * HBO in association with Sixteen String Jack Productions and Avalon Television (WINNER), Writer
‘The Late Show With Stephen Colbert’ * CBS *
‘Saturday Night Live’ * NBC * (‘The Mandalorian’)
O-T Fagbenle (‘The Handmaid’s Tale’)
John Lithgow (‘Perry Mason’)
Tobias Menzies (‘The Crown’) (WINNER)
Max Minghella (‘The Handmaid’s Tale’)
Chris Sullivan (‘This Is Us’)
Bradley Whitford (‘The Handmaid’s Tale’)
Michael K. Williams (‘Lovecraft Country’)
Supporting Actress in a Drama Series
Gillian Anderson (‘The Crown’) (WINNER)
Helena Bonham Carter (‘The Crown’)
Madeline Brewer (‘The Handmaid’s Tale’)
Ann Dowd (‘The Handmaid’s Tale’)
Aunjanue Ellis (‘Lovecraft Country’)
Emerald Fennell (‘The Crown’)
Yvonne Strahovski (‘The Handmaid’s Tale’)
Samira Wiley (‘The Handmaid’s Tale’)
Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series
‘Bridgerton’ * Diamond Of The First Water * Netflix * A Netflix Original Series in association with shondalandmedia
Julie Anne Robinson, Directed by
‘The Crown’ * Fairytale * Netflix * Left Bank Pictures in association with Sony Pictures Television for Netflix
Benjamin Caron, Directed by
‘The Crown’ * War * Netflix * Left Bank Pictures in association with Sony Pictures Television for Netflix (WINNER)
Jessica Hobbs, Directed by
‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ * The Wilderness * Hulu * Hulu, MGM, Daniel Wilson Productions, The Littlefield Company, White Oak Pictures
Liz Garbus, Directed by
‘The Mandalorian’ * Chapter 9: The Marshal * Disney+ * Lucasfilm Ltd.
Jon Favreau, Directed by
‘Pose’ * Series Finale * FX Networks * FX Productions in association with 20th Century Television
Steven Canals, Directed by
Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series
‘The Boys’ * What I Know * Prime Video * Sony Pictures Television, Inc. and Amazon Studios
Rebecca Sonnenshine, Written by
‘The Crown’ * War * Netflix * Left Bank Pictures in association with Sony Pictures Television for Netflix (WINNER)
Peter Morgan, Written by
‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ * Home * Hulu * Hulu, MGM, Daniel Wilson Productions, The Littlefield Company, White Oak Pictures
Yahlin Chang, Written by
‘Lovecraft Country’ * Sundown * HBO * HBO in association with afemme, Monkeypaw, Bad Robot, and Warner Bros. Television
Misha Green, Teleplay by
‘The Mandalorian’ * Chapter 13: The Jedi * Disney+ * Lucasfilm Ltd.
Dave Filoni, Written by
‘The Mandalorian’ * Chapter 16: The Rescue * Disney+ * Lucasfilm Ltd.
Jon Favreau, Written by
‘Pose’ * Series Finale * FX Networks * FX Productions in association with 20th Century Television
Ryan Murphy, Written by Brad Falchuk, Written by Steven Canals, Written by Janet Mock, Written by Our Lady J, Written by
Supporting Actor in a Limited Series or Movie
Thomas Brodie Sangster (‘The Queen’s Gambit’)
Daveed Diggs (‘Hamilton’)
Paapa Essiedu (‘I May Destroy You’)
Jonathan Groff (‘Hamilton’)
Evan Peters (‘Mare Of Easttown’) (WINNER)
Anthony Ramos (‘Hamilton’)
Supporting Actress in a Limited Series or Movie
Renee Elise Goldsberry (‘Hamilton’)
Kathryn Hahn (‘WandaVision’)
Moses Ingram (‘The Queen’s Gambit’)
Julianne Nicholson (‘Mare Of Easttown’) (WINNER)
Jean Smart (‘Mare Of Easttown’)
Phillipa Soo (‘Hamilton’)
Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series
Carl Clemons-Hopkins (‘Hacks’)
Brett Goldstein (‘Ted Lasso’) (WINNER)
Brendan Hunt (‘Ted Lasso’)
Nick Mohammed (‘Ted Lasso’)
Paul Reiser (‘The Kominsky Method’)
Jeremy Swift (‘Ted Lasso’)
Kenan Thompson (‘Saturday Night Live’)
Bowen Yang (‘Saturday Night Live’)
Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series
Aidy Bryant (‘Saturday Night Live’)
Hannah Einbinder (‘Hacks’)
Kate McKinnon (‘Saturday Night Live’)
Rosie Perez (‘The Flight Attendant’)
Cecily Strong (‘Saturday Night Live’)
Juno Temple (‘Ted Lasso’)
Hannah Waddingham (‘Ted Lasso’) (WINNER)
After going virtual in 2020, the Emmys were held in-person this year. The TV Academy limited the ceremony to about 600 attendees, due to health and safety guidelines as the delta variant of COVID-19 continues to rage across the US.
All attendees were required to show proof of vaccination and a negative COVID test, taken 48 hours before the ceremony. The event was also moved outdoors to L.A. Live’s Event Deck at the Microsoft Theater and the media centre was replaced by a virtual counterpart, as per Variety. (ANI)Tuscan Safari are not currently using FindTransfers
If you are looking for a quick and easy way to get the best prices for your transfers then make a request in our system:
Tuscan Safari Contact Information
This company is not currently using the FindTransfers system. You can contact them using the information below:
Call 00393899672010
This supplier is based in:
56029 Santa Croce sull'Arno PI, Italia
Ratings of Tuscan Safari
3 out of 3 FindTransfers users would recommend Tuscan Saf.When it comes to premium sports apparel, Nike leads the pack with spirited and performance-driven gear for fans of all ages. Shop Mens Orlando Magic Sports Team Nike gear from FansEdge for the best way to show your team pride. Browse Magic Nike jerseys to get the look of your favorite athletes, including Cooperstown Classics and Gridiron Classics gear for a vintage look. FansEdge carries a huge selection of Nike performance Magic t-shirts, shorts and pants, featuring Dri-FIT technology and Nike Dry fabrics to keep you comfortable while you’re breaking a sweat. FansEdge also has you covered when it comes to Nike Magic hoodies and jackets, so you’re always prepared for the elements, no matter what. The only thing more iconic than your beloved team’s logo is Nike’s signature swoosh, so be sure to combine the two when you shop authentic Nike Orlando Magic team apparel from FansEdge!Freemake Video Converter 4.1.10 Crack + Serial Key Free Download 2019
Freemake Video Converter 4.1.10 Crack + Serial Key Free Download 2019 4.1.10 Crack + Serial Key.. Turn photos and MP3 into slide shows and, at the same time, delete, add and mix snapshots and allow impact on the landscape.
Key Features:
-.243?
- Video download training with commercial load function included.
- Optional advertising offers removed.
- Critical errors are
-
How Crack Freemake Video Converter?
- Download the Free-Make Video Converter crack configuration form below the link.
- Now, install and run
- Copy and paste crack series key
- Activate Free Make Video Converter Crack
- All Done, enjoy the Full Crack version
Pros:
- It supports many input or output formats to convert any video.
- Freemake Video Converter exe has an option to record video directly on a disk.
- You can combine video files.
- You can and download the video directly from youtube and convert it.
- Freemake Video Converter exe works with all versions of Windows.
Cons
- To edit subtitles, you need a premium version.
- Recording data on a DVD / CD takes a long time between 40 and 60 minutes
System Requirements:
- Processor at 1 GHz or higher
- 50 MB of free hard disk space
- 256MB or more of RAM
- NET FRAMEWORK 4.5
Freemake Video Converter Serial Key:
-A3 min readArtificial Intelligence Tool Vastly Scales up Alzheimer’s Research
Davis, CA — Researchers at UC Davis and UC San Francisco have found a way to teach a computer to precisely detect one of the hallmarks of Alzheimer’s disease in human brain tissue, delivering Dr. Brittany N. Dugger, Dr. Michael J. Keiser, an assistant professor in UCSF’s Institute for Neurodegenerative Diseases and Department of Pharmaceutical Chemistry, to determine if they could teach a computer to automate the laborious UCSF team worked with her to devise a method that allowed her,..”
Article adapted from a University of California – Davis Health news release.
Publication: Interpretable classification of Alzheimer’s disease pathologies with a convolutional neural network pipeline. Ziqi Tang et al. Nature Communications (2019): Click here to view.
Alzheimer’s, Artificial Intelligence ToolAddress: Nambour Connection Road, Woombye QLD 4559
Book Direct with the Owner at The Big Pineapple with Attractions in Woombye, for all your Attraction and travel needs..
Attractions Attractions, please claim your listing and subscribe to update your contact details and receive your phone calls and emails from your clients.- Not important at all
- Slightly important
- Moderately important
- Decidedly important
- Non-negotiable
In His Own Words
About Him
I am typical average man
I keep fit by playing sports once or twice weekly,Dancing whenever occasions allow
I also like going for walks on beach
I can be a very good conversationalist and listener
Will converse on almost any topic
So if someone nice and attractive would like to converse with me, I will reply and maybe we can take it from there
So bye for now
About His Ideal Match
Averagely attractive interesting sexy lady who is interested in most things in life mostly good and has a good sense of homour
What His Friends Say
lively50 hasn't asked any friends to write a recommendation yet.Navy Federal MakingCents Can Help You With The Info You Need. Visit Today FHA Streamline Refinance Program Makes It Easy to Reduce Your Payment. FHA.co
Actually, yes you can. There is a credit card out there, specifically for buying houses. The rich and famous use it all the time. A little research online and you should be able to find it You can buy a house while in debt. It all depends on what portion of your monthly gross income goes towards paying the minimum amounts due on recurring debts like credit card bills, student loans, car loans, etc. Your debt-to-income ratio matters a lot to lenders
Your unsecured debt (credit card debt) plays a big role in how much a lender is willing to write a mortgage for. If your unsecured debt is $250 a month, it could reduce your potential purchase price by approximately $50,000. $500 a month could reduce your potential purchase price by around $100,000 since you already have a card, (i'm guessing they can't track what you buy on it,) buy one from ebay under a fake name n send it to a trusted friend's address if they are okay with it, they can give it to you the next day. when you get it use it responsibly and hide it in a place where your parents won't look, like in your purse or in a box under your bed, for example. but know that they will find out eventually and probably be pissed at you. good luck, and don't buy vape juice.
If you're wondering 'how You can buy a house with credit card debt. Credit card debt in itself will not keep you from owning a home; how you manage your credit card debt can. Credit cards, and how you use them, are a large... You can do this by taking every credit card balance and dividing it by its monthly payment, then paying off the ones with the highest payment-to-balance ratio. Suppose you have $1,000 available to. Consider Having a Co-Signer on Your Loan.. If you want the deed to the house to be in your name alone, you can always.% To pay off a credit card, especially when you're about to buy a house, might seem like a smart step. But while getting your finances in order before you try to purchase a home is an excellent plan,.. When you buy a house, a big part of a lender's decision whether to approve your mortgage rests on whether or not you can afford it.If you have a lot of debt, the monthly payments on those obligations chip away at the total amount you can pay each month on a mortgage. But that doesn't mean it's impossible to buy a house if you're in debt. A fee of £5 to £10 to buy the card (although there are some free prepaid credit cards) A fee of 2% - 3% each time you load money onto the card. Transaction fees - each time you use the card to. MilesBuzz - Can you buy a car/home/[insert expensive item here] with a debit card? - I know the rumors of people with AMEX Centurion buying corporate jets or some vial of sand from the Dead Sea, but what about for normal folks like me who want to earn miles on such life-changing events like buying a new car or home You can pay off credit cards to qualify. Nearly two-thirds of loan applications are approved by today's mortgage lenders. Going forward, though, that number is expected to increase You can do this via a bank transfer (UK Faster Payments, SWIFT or SEPA), or with a debit/credit card. We would suggest using a debit or credit card, as the process is instant. This way, you'll.. Before you begin your journey, test your knowledge by taking our homebuying myths quiz. Focused on providing first time owners facts about the homebuying and financing process 2 Step 1: Log in To Amazon Shopping Site. 3 Step 2: Shop What You Want And Buy Or Add To Cart. 4 Step 3: Select a delivery address. 5 Step 4: Select a Payment Method And Enter Card Details To Order In Amazon Using Debit Card. 6 Step 5: Payment Process From Bank Many consumers use their debit cards for everything they buy. Using debit instead of paying with a credit card can help you avoid the potential for debt. The money is taken out of your bank.. can i pay a house / mortgage deposit with a credit card? They don't ususally advertise the fact they can take cards, cos it's not the best option as far as they are concerned, you gotta ask them direct if they take 'em or not. 0. 29 May 2006 at 4:28PM. Fitzy29 Forumite. 107 posts. 29 May 2006 at 4:28PM. They don't ususally advertise the fact they can take cards, cos it's not the best.. These will be discussed below to give you the best chances of successfully. An extremely common question we hear regards if your credit card can cover the extra money needed. Question: Ca n I pay mortgage closing costs with a credit card? Answer: Fannie Mae permits certain costs that must be paid early in the application process, such as lock-in fees, origination fees, commitment fees, credit report fees, and appraisal fees, to be charged to the borrower's credit.
If you do get a mortgage with poor credit, you could use it to buy your first property, move house or remortgage your current home. What is bad credit? Your credit record is an electronic document containing your financial history that lenders can see if you apply for credit like a mortgage, loan or credit card . With an FHA mortgage, however, a FICO. If you carry balances on your credit cards and want to buy or refinance a house, you can still qualify for a mortgage. However, there are some serious drawbacks when it comes to credit card debt and getting a mortgage that you should understand before deciding whether it's worth it Visa Debit cards work like cash, only better. They are issued by your bank or other financial institution, and use funds directly from your bank account. Accepted worldwide, Visa Debit cards offer quick, secure and convenient access to your money in person, online, overseas and over the phone. Visa Classic . Be it travelling, shopping or dining, Visa Classic cards are accepted at tens of. Food, clothes, houses You can buy almost everything with Bitcoin by now, even cars. Yes, cars! And we're not talking about little toys you can collect, we are talking about real cars
I am looking to buy a new home, but I owe the IRS approximately $16,000 for tax years 2018 and 2019. I have been told that I need to pay off my delinquent tax debt before I can apply for a mortgage. I have $20,000 in savings, but I was hoping to use that money as a down payment to purchase the house. Is there any way to pay part of my tax debt off and qualify or do I really need to pay it all... Why Paying Rent on a Credit Card Might Be a Bad Ide The . Take Advantage Of Rates Near Record Lows And Refinance Your Mortgage Today Visa debit card paying for a large purchase. I'm buying a car they accept debit cards as payment, I know its not secure but i know the person who I'm paying and thats not what I'm asking. I want to pay £15,000 using my debit card I intend to go into a branch and tell them I will be making this payment so hopefully they can set it so its.. You can buy or cash postal money orders at any Post Office Take cash, a debit card, or a traveler's check. You cannot pay with a credit card. Fill out the money order at the counter with a retail associate. Pay the dollar value of the money order plus the issuing fee. Keep your receipt to track the money order. Money Order Standards and Guidelines (DMM 509.3) Money Order Fees. Fees are. The cashless debit card can be used at any merchant the Department has not blocked (provided it is able to accept Visa Debit). Merchant responsibilities. All merchants who accept BasicsCard must sign an agreement not to process transactions for excluded goods such as alcohol or tobacco. Most merchants who accept the cashless debit card have no agreement with either the Department or the card. Can You Buy a Car With a Debit Card? While debit cards tend to operate on the same networks as most credit cards, they function quite differently, so it's natural to be uncertain as to whether you can use one to purchase a vehicle. When it comes down to it, debit and credit cards offer similar benefits and drawbacks on the dealership's end. Both require dealers to pay transaction fees, but. Debit cards are considered to be processed in real-time, and therefore are available sooner. ACH payments need to be batched and processed and delay funds being readily available quickly. While next-day funding is available for ACH payments, the offering is typically reserved for top-notch merchants. The standard processing time for ACH payments is between 3-6 business days. If your business. However, you can't shop online without a debit card, credit card, or gift card. Fortunately, anyone can buy a prepaid debit or gift card to use for online shopping. It's not illegal to buy a sex toy from a website as a teen. The only reason you can't go into a sex shop is that they tend to restrict their stores to 18 and up. 2. Purchase a prepaid debit or gift card at a grocery or department. That means your money is on the line as soon as a charge is made with your debit card. Fraudulent charges on your debit card will hit home a little harder than with a line of credit. Also, holding off on reporting your lost or stolen debit card puts you at greater liability for any fraudulent purchases. That can make it even harder to get your.. Can I Buy Bitcoin with Credit/Debit Card Without Verification? Yes, as some exchanges do offer the CC payments without the card verification like Bitit.io though they are rare. Also, take great care as there is a chance a scam might be involved, so make sure you properly research a broker before attempting any purchasing activities with the said exchange. Is It Risky to Enter My ID? Depends on.. Can You Pay Bills With a Prepaid Debit Card? Yes, bill payments can be made with a prepaid debit card if there are sufficient funds loaded to the card. An important thing to take note of when. Student loan debt can be a drag, especially if you're trying to buy a house. Fortunately, there are options. By taking advantage of the right loan programs, working on your credit and DTI and.
Most debit cards also can be used to withdraw cash at ATMs (automated teller machines).. You currently owe £20,000 on your credit card. The lender's assumed payment rate is 3% of your debt. The lender will assume that you have to pay £600 per month for your credit card debt, and factor this into how much you can afford to pay on your mortgage. If you're buying the property with a partner, affordability assessments may also.
Here's the one surprising lesson I learned as a victim of debit card fraud. There's a good reason why the bank didn't tell me it was happening... It was bound to happen eventually. I became the. You can buy as little as $25 worth of Litecoin. Check the price of LTC. Buy Litecoin in just a few minutes. Start with as little as $25 and pay with your bank account or debit card. Get started. While you can absolutely pay your car loan with a credit card, it's not always the best idea. If your plan backfires and you can't pay your credit card bill as quickly as you thought, you could end up paying considerably more interest over time. And since moving debts around doesn't pay them off, you might be tricking yourself into thinking you're making progress when you're not
Approval Response: An approval code sent to a point of sale terminal that verifies that a credit or debit card has sufficient funds to make a purchase. Approval responses are part of the. You can find ways to buy stocks with credit, but the risks are high and you're going to have a difficult time making a profit once you figure in the fees and interest charges associated with using credit. If you're looking to start investing in your future today, consider something less risky like preparing for retirement with savings. Fees. If you decide to take a cash advance from your. To buy something as expensive as a Tesla, you'll also need a high credit line, which can be a perk of a business card. Technically you need to run a business to qualify for a business card, but.Special Order, ships in 10-14 business days
Practical, ideal in size and great for hands-free carrying. Stay organized on the go with quick access pockets. Wear as a shoulder bag or cross-body with the adjustable strap. Great for commuting, travel or shopping. Handmade in Florence, Italy from genuine leather with a soft structure. Two magnetic snaps secure the flap which reveals three pockets and the main zippered compartment. Additional pockets are found in the lining and on the back of the bag.
Measurements: 10.5"L x 11"H x 0.75"D[ad_1]
We cannot afford to walk into work with panda eyes because of the monsoon. If you can’t waterproof your makeup, these tips will help you keep it manageable and with minimum damage.
We love the rains and it’s make up intact during monsoon. Here are some tips to monsoon proof your make up this season.
1..
2. Don’t test your mascara. Your regular mascara may not do the trick during the rains. It will drip and give you panda eyes and the only way out is a good waterproof mascara. You can easily find a waterproof mascara at an affordable rate.
3. Avoid lip gloss during the monsoon or any glossy lipstick for that matter. It will look patchy and bleed due to the weather. Try using a matt lipstick. If you’re not a fan of a matt lipstick, apply your glossy lipstick and dab it with some finishing powder or compact to give it a matt look and make it last longer without bleeding.
4. If you want to use a good foundation, don’t forget the primer. Though it may not be a necessary product this season it may be your only saving grace.
5. Keep your make up to the minimal. The lighter the make up the easier it’ll be. If you go for a darker look the chances of it dripping and making a mess are higher.
[ad_2]
Source linkI'm ok with putting this off for now, personally. But when the issue is brought up again, please consider: instead of building capacity to let servers reject DNT-1s they don't like (and explain their rationale), why not instead build in capacity for UAs to confirm a challenged signal with the user? This 2nd option does not seem more complicated than your suggestion; it addresses some of the potential intermediary interception problems Peter and others were mentioning earlier; and it gets back to the primary objective here: facilitating user expression. Best, Tamir On 7/27/2012 11:11 AM, David Singer wrote: > Shane, others > > I must admit to being really surprised to hear the industry argue so forcefully for tracking prevention lists (blacklists). > > Nonetheless, for this, I would like to re-iterate my previous suggestion that this discussion is a distraction from completing our work on what constitutes compliant behavior, and that we leave the question of what constitutes compliant response to non-compliant behavior to a future revision. I urge the group not to get distracted - it will only delay, which is not what any of us want, I am sure. > > You and I worked on a suggestion that we should make it technically possible for a site to inform a user sending dnt:1 that it is not ceasing tracking "for some other reason explained at this URL" and we stay silent on when that can be used and whether it is compliant. I still believe that this is the best outcome. > > Dave Singer (iPhone) > > On Jul 27, 2012, at 7:53, Shane Wiley<wileys@yahoo-inc.com> wrote: > >> James, >> >> I believe that's a fairly stretched logical position as I would argue a user's continued use of the non-compliant/invalid UA means they do not care about the DNT feature of that UA. >> >> - Shane >> >> -----Original Message----- >> From: Grimmelmann, James [mailto:James.Grimmelmann@nyls.edu] >> Sent: Friday, July 27, 2012 6:31 AM >> To: Shane Wiley >> Cc: David Singer; Mike Zaneis; Tamir Israel; Jeffrey Chester; Roy T. Fielding; Justin Brookman; public-tracking@w3.org >> Subject: Re: ISSUE-4 and clarity regarding browser defaults >> >> There is an irony here. Whether a user agent is compliant depends on whether "a tracking preference expression is only transmitted [by the user agent] when it reflects a deliberate choice by the user." If a server messages a user that their user agent is noncompliant because it sets DNT:1 by default, and the user continues to use the user agent when interacting with the server, this takes away much of the argument that the user agent is still noncompliant with respect to that user. At this point, the user has been given an explicit statement that their user agent is sending DNT:1 and an explanation of what that means, and has chosen not to do anything about it. >> >> Jul 27, 2012, at 2:01 AM, Shane Wiley wrote: >> >> David, >> >> I don't believe it's a fair comparison to hold the DNT discussion against a pure technical standard where I agree syntax validity is typically the only factor in acceptance. The heavy Policy aspect of DNT in this conversation should be taken into consideration when viewing valid vs. invalid signals. >> >> A better comparison would be to look at hardware centric standards where a capability failure alerts a user to the situation and becomes a forcing function for correct marketplace behavior. >> >> For example, if I make an HDMI cable that says it supports the 1.3 HDMI standard and when a user connects the cable to a receiver and TV and they both suggest the HDMI cable is not compliant with v1.3 and reject the cable, the user will need to purchase a different cable that is compliant. The original company that was not compliant will of course be driven to work to update their cable design to bring it back into compliance so people will purchase it. To think a standard would take the position that makers of receivers and TVs must accept any HDMI cable regardless of standards compliance would make no sense. And it shouldn't in our case either. >> >> Allowing Servers to message users that their User Agent is invalid (non-compliant) will drive users who care to switch to a different User Agent to express their preferences in a compliant manner. If the percentage of users leaving the non-compliant User Agent reaches a significant "enough" level, then one would assume the maker of the User Agent would move their product into compliance to remove this reason for user departures. This is why standards in other contexts have a natural forcing alignment function. Suggesting that Servers must honor "any DNT signal" - even from non-compliant UAs - doesn't allow natural alignment to occur. >> >> With respect to EU considerations, I believe the confusion is that some are suggesting servers not respond to the invalid UA DNT signal. To be clear the goal is to transparently share with the user their User Agent (browser) of choice is non-compliant and to offer them alternatives at that time (if they desire to take them). User knowledge of the situation is key. >> >> - Shane >> >> From: David Singer [mailto:singer@apple.com] >> Sent: Thursday, July 26, 2012 3:49 PM >> To: Mike Zaneis >> Cc: Tamir Israel; Jeffrey Chester; Shane Wiley; Roy T. Fielding; Justin Brookman; public-tracking@w3.org<mailto:public-tracking@w3.org> >> Subject: Re: ISSUE-4 and clarity regarding browser defaults >> >> Mike >> >> I like it that you state your positions clearly and without dissimulation (perhaps a little strongly, though?), but... >> >> I agree with Tamir: we HAVE decided that user-agents should not enable DNT by default. We have NOT decided whether sites can ignore a protocol-valid DNT signal because they think it might possibly not, in some cases, reflect the user's true intention. (Nor have we decided whether user-agents can disbelieve what the sites say, under some circumstances). >> >> Generally, in protocols, the normal practice is that if the protocol exchange itself is valid, but you think it an error for the other end to be doing something, you write software that respects the protocol (after all, you want your implementation to be cleanly compliant, with no questions), and you write letters asking the other company to get into compliance. >> >> Personally, as I have stated, I think the end-points (software) trying to second-guess "did he really mean that?" is highly questionable and a recipe for a downward spiral of measure/counter-measure, and so on. I also feel that we have our work cut out deciding what conformance exchanges entail, without trying to define how end-points behave when faced with (the myriad possibilities of) non-conformant, or suspected non-conformant, behavior >> >> On Jul 26, 2012, at 14:24 , Mike Zaneis<mike@iab.net<mailto:mike@iab.net>> wrote: >> >> >> Tam<mailtoany -.<mailto, NW, Suite 550 >> Washington, DC 20009 >><> >><> >> >> >> From: Jeffrey Chester [mailto:jeff@democraticmedia.org] >> Sent: Sunday, June 03, 2012 7:16 AM >> To: Roy T. Fielding >> Cc: Justin Brookman; public-tracking@w3.org<mailto:public-tracking@w3.org> >> Subject: Re: ISSUE-4 and clarity regarding browser defaults >> >> I believe having DNT:1 turned on from the start is appropriate for users. The industry has created a ubiquitous data collection system by default (which it terms an "ecosystem"). Users have little choice in an online world shaped by immersive and invisible strategies designed to trigger conversion, viral social marketing, lead gen and related data techniques (let alone a person sold to highest bidder on exchanges). The cross-platform measurement systems being put in place, which mirror the unified marketing platforms, is another example of a world where users have no real choices. With DNT on from the start, a user can make more informed decisions about their data collection practices and then decide how to proceed. >> >> Groups such as mine have already taken key issues off the table--such as the need to control first parties. We believe we can have both monetization and privacy. But we need to make DNT meaningful--to stop tracking and collection. I know that the consumer and privacy community is committed to strike the right balance. I look to the industry leaders in this group to help make DNT a reality. >> >> >> Jeffrey Chester >> Center for Digital Democracy >> 1621 Connecticut Ave, NW, Suite 550 >> Washington, DC 20009 >><> >><> >> 202-986-2220 >> >> On Jun 2, 2012, at 10:45 PM, Roy T. Fielding wrote: >> >> >> >> >> >> On Jun 2, 2012, at 6:29 PM, Justin Brookman wrote: >> >> >> >> >> >> Roy, this precise issue came up on the weekly call on Wednesday, and Aleecia concluded that there was disagreement among the group on the precise question of whether DNT:1 could be on by default, and that we would discuss the issue in Seattle. >> >> What we talked about was whether a non-specific add-on (AVG) can >> set the header field (ISSUE-149) and the impact of conflicting >> extensions and configuration (ISSUE-150). >> >> You can obviously do whatever you like to the document, but I just wanted to point out that the editors seem to disagree with your statement that we have reached consensus on this point. The minutes from the last call () seem to back up my argument, but perhaps I am confused and misunderstood what was said on Wednesday --- guidance from the chairs on this point would be helpful. (Also, FWIW, there is also another raised ISSUE-143 on whether "activating a tracking preference must require explicit, informed consent from a user" . . .) >> >> I believe 143 is about additional requirements on user awareness >> of the new setting when DNT is enabled by an add-on/extension. >> >> >> >> >> >> In the meantime, if you or anyone else could shed some light on why DNT:1 on by default would make the standard more challenging to implement, I would very much like to hear substantive arguments about how that would not be workable. >> >> It isn't more challenging to implement. It just won't be >> implemented because it obscures the user's choice. The essence >> of any Recommendation is to encourage deployment of a given >> protocol because it is good for everyone to do so, and we already >> established that most of industry will deploy DNT if it accurately >> reflects an individual user's choice. We already discussed this >> and made a decision. It has not yet been reopened to further >> discussion, so I am not going to explain it further. >> >> Thus far, I have only heard assertions by fiat that we can't discuss the issue and tautological interpretations of the word "preference." If there are technical reasons by DNT:1 on by default would pose problems, what are they (I'm not saying they don't exist, I just don't know)? >> >> The technical reason is that it wouldn't match the defined >> semantics for the field. That could obviously be fixed by >> changing the definition of the field, but since that is one >> of the few things we have agreed to already, we have a process >> that must be followed to reopen the issue. Otherwise, we have >> no chance of finishing anything. >> >> ....Roy >> >> >> >> David Singer >> Multimedia and Software Standards, Apple Inc. >> >>Received on Friday, 27 July 2012 15:19:08 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.4.0 : Friday, 17 January 2020 17:38:51 UTC.
She’s a butterfly.
Originally she was going to be a skunk – you know, Billy the Exterminator…and a skunk. Seemed like a good theme.
But then Alex got invited to a Halloween party and to go trick or treating with some friends, so Julia being a skunk just didn’t make sense any more.
So – butterfly.
I made the wings out of organza and wire and taffeta…and I wish I’d taken a better picture because at this point they were rather droopy. I pinned them to her shoulders so they wouldn’t flop over. But you can see them somewhat in the picture of Alex above. Next time I make wings, I’ll use a sturdier gauge of wire.
I made the antennae with a headband wrapped in more taffeta, and some wire and beads. Her earrings are similarly colored beads (made them, too).
And – her favorite part, I think – the makeup. This picture was taken before the Halloween parade in our neighborhood (kids and parents in costume) – before she went trick or treating I added even more pale blue to her face.
She loved that stuff. And the blue lips.
Bailing wire works great for wings! Was she barefoot in that first picture? Didn't ya'll just have snow the other day? Lastly, is Alex's hair that long? He looks good in the hat.
Posted by: judith | November 01, 2011 at 05:53 PM
Hi Judith! Thanks for the wire tip. Yes - Julia was barefoot. We had snow but it melted. And no, Alexs hair isnt that long - I added a mullet to the inside back of his hat - part of the costume. He loves that costume. :)
Posted by: Jayne | November 02, 2011 at 08:45 AMNo that new projects will be started to fille the big gap. And luckily there are still a lot of weekends till June !
- March 25,2009
- dirty dancing
to DanceVibes, the site dedicated to belgian electronic music. We bring you daily updates on all that is happening in the dance scene.more about dancevibes.be
Cool sitesCheck out these sites:
ArchivesNot so fresh news:
.
What does the term "generic" mean? Do generic drugs contain the same active ingredients as the brand ones?
The difference between a brand name medicine and a generic one is only in the name, shape and price. A generic drug is usually called by the name of the active ingredient while a manufacturer uses a brand name. However, a manufacturer can not possess a patent for a chemical agent. This is why manufacturers of generic medications can legally produce the so-called "generics". They are chemically the same, and since the active ingredient is identical, they have the same medical effect. Thus buying a generic medication one pays less but gets the same result. Names of meds can change according to producers.
Why are generic medicines so cheap?
Unlike generic drugs, most of the costs incurred by original manufacturers of brand name drugs are for research, development and advertising. The expense of obtaining FDA approval in the United States is enormous. The manufacturers of generic drugs do not have to absorb or recover these costs. Consequently, there are significant cost savings and after generic pharma industries don’t pay advertising and researches.
Is it safe to fill in my credit card details on your website?
We take the security of our customers as a very serious matter, and thus we take reasonable steps to protect your information. For submitting the order you are redirected to the secure order page. The security of the page can be easily checked: an icon resembling a padlock is displayed on the bottom of most browsers. This means that the information you insert into the form is SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encrypted when transmitted to our company that processes credit cards. Please remember that a secure page begins with "https:" while unsecure ones begin with "http:" without the "s" at the end.
Do you sell original drugs?
Yes, we also sell some original medicines. For example: Viagra by Pfizer, Cialis by Lilly ICOS and Levitra by Bayer.
I forgot my account password. What can I do?
If you forgot your password, go to the login page and click on "Forgot Password" and enter your e-mail there. We will send automatically your password by e-mail.
What are your payment methods?
At the moment we have the following payment methods:
1. Payment by credit card: VISA and its derivates;
2. Bank transfer;
3. WU.
When will the amount required be charged from my credit card?
The amount will be charged from your credit card at the time the order is processed and accepted by our card processor. Descriptor will change continually; then before to claim, please, contact us.
Do you ship to my area?
Orders are delivered in all countries of the world; only for the USA, Canada and some other countries it is requested payment by bank transfer or WU.
How do I check the status of my order?
There are 2 options to do this:
1. Contact our support team through email or through the "Live Support" service, where one of our operators - through a chat - will be happy to answer to all your questions.
2. Check the status into your account with us, section “ My orders” where you can find also tracking number of your parcel.
Do generic drugs take longer to work?
No. When a manufacturer wants to market a generic version of a drug, the FDA must provide proof that the generic functions in the body are just the same like the brand name drugs and in the same time compared to brand name drugs.
Are there any hidden costs?
No. You will not pay more than the prices that were anticipated.
Do you sell my personal information to third parties?
Our website practices a genuine and severe anti-spam policy and does not subject our respective customers to unsolicited advertising, whether via the Internet or by mail. We do not use your information for any purpose other than to fulfill your order. At last we don’t store clients' credit card details.
What type of package will be used to deliver my medication?
Your medications will be delivered in discreet packaging to ensure safety and to respect your privacy and security against tampering. No statement in relation to the content and sender..
How can your prices be so low?
We keep our prices low and our quality of higher level, simply by reducing costs where possible. Low margins, small staff, batch shipping, more customers, no physical distribution center, and more. Transferring our business to the web reduced our maintenance costs by 50%, and enabled us to offer our customers much more affordable prices. By working online, we save on rent fees, employees, equipment, and pass the savings on to you.
Do I have problems at customs?
Customs will not hold our products as long as they are shipped.Written by Jordan Meehan, LCSW
Picture this…
You land that elusive interview for an entry-level position with your dream company. During the past 7 years, you poured your heart and soul into college, graduate school, volunteer work, and an unpaid internship in order to prepare for this moment. On the day of your interview, you show up early, having done all of your research and preparations in order to leave a good impression. When the HR manager introduces himself and begins the interview, he cuts you off and notes how “young” you look. He then proceeds to question your lack of paid job roles and expresses that the company is looking to hire someone “more seasoned.” The HR manager gives you the opportunity to talk about yourself and your experience, and then he ends the interview.
Wait, what just happened?
At this point, you are probably feeling frustrated and confused. You question why an entry-level job would require someone “more seasoned.” Unbeknownst to you, the HR manager’s unfair judgment about your age and youth cost you a fair shot at the job.
What is Age Bias?
The HR manager’s behavior is most likely the result of a personal bias and stereotypes about your age. According to the Merriam-Webster dictionary, a bias is “a personal and sometimes unreasoned judgment.” When a person holds an age bias, they tend to have generalized beliefs about how members of a particular age group will behave. Age biases intensify the negative stigma surrounding each age group. Every human being has biases. The challenge is recognizing those biases and working to correct them in order to reduce the stigma about age.
Generational Stereotypes
Every generation deals with age biases and the stigma that comes with being unjustly stereotyped. Age stereotyping occurs as a result of society generalizing the experiences of a few and applying those experiences on a broader scale. Millennials are frequently thought of as lazy, entitled, inexperienced, sensitive, easily offended, unmotivated, and disrespectful. Older adults receive labels such as “stuck in their ways,” ignorant, too experienced, judgmental, and close-minded. There are individuals within each generation that possess some of these qualities, but they are the exception rather than the rule amongst their age groups. In fact, most millennials are motivated, hard-working, active in their pursuits, and aware of how they need to improve. Similarly, many older adults are open to new experiences, willing to learn, self-aware, and compassionate.
Impact of Age Stereotypes
The stigma of a label based solely on someone’s age can have a lasting impact on a person’s mental and physical health. Millennials often struggle with anxiety, depression, and the fear of never being good enough. Older adults may experience increased rates of depression, isolation, loss of opportunities, and poor treatment. So the question becomes, what is the purpose of labeling individuals based on just their age? Stereotyping others only serves to increase stigma in order to justify separation between groups. Negative labeling fails to recognize the strengths of each generation and the unique individuals of all ages.
Steps to Help Reduce Age Stereotyping and Stigma
Age biases and stereotypes will never simply go away. Members of each generation have a role in reducing stigma and unfair labeling. Meaningful change will require self-reflection, effort, and even a little vulnerability. In order to combat stereotyping based on age, follow these steps to make a conscious effort to address your personal biases:
- Admit that every person has biases, including you.
- Identify your personal biases, and learn to recognize when they impact your thoughts and behaviors.
- Challenge your biases about other age groups and look for evidence to prove yourself wrong.
- Expose yourself to new experiences with people from different age groups.
- Make the choice to act in a way that celebrates the strengths of all age groups.Modiwl XPE-4214:
Subject Studies in Secondary.
Cynnwys cwrs
Associate Teachers will explore:
- A range of current evidence-based approaches to the teaching of the specialist subject and Area of Learning (AoLe), enabling Associate Teachers (ATs) to teach effective lessons in context. All approaches will be analysed within the contexts of established learning theories
- Theories and principles of assessment and how they are linked to practice in terms of pedagogy, learning and notions of progress; from beginners to fluent speakers who wish to enhance their writing skills;
- Methods, methodologies and a consideration of ethical principles appropriate to a small scale professional enquiry.
The content and delivery of the module will encourage ATs to offer advanced critical review of the importance of being consumers and producers of subject specific pedagogical research. They will analyse, synthesise and critically reflect on the spectrum of research that informs teaching practice specific to their subject and/or AOLE. ATs will also be encouraged to offer advanced critical evaluation of practice-based or close-to-practice research. The module will encourage mastery of what it means to develop a ‘culture of enquiry’ within self-improving school systems (such as within individual departments), schools as learning organisations, and the importance of developing and participating in Professional Learning Communities. ATs will also be given the opportunity to undertake a small scale practice based enquiry.) can develop the role of learners as ethical and informed citizens of Wales and the wider world, ensuring that the health and well-being of learners is promoted where appropriate and to embed equality and diversity in all aspects of their practice.
The module aligns with the Professional Standards for Teaching and Leadership in Wales, and provides a scaffold for the ATs' demonstration of the standards in practice within the secondary subject specialism (Please refer to the Professional Standards tracking document). In addition, the strands of research literacy, core academic skills development and meta-cognition inform the module throughout.
Meini Prawf
ardderchog
Most learning outcomes will have been standard in professional and academic contexts.
da.
trothwy
Plan, teach and critically evaluate lessons which are informed by research and principles of teaching and learning in the subject specialism and AoLe
Critically analyse the nature and aims of the specialist subject and AoLe within the Welsh National Curriculum
Design, implement and critically evaluate a small-scale practice-based enqu
Policy
Welsh Government. (2013). National Literacy and Numeracy Framework. Cardiff, UK:
Welsh Government. (2015). Digital Competence Framework guidance. Cardiff, UK: Welsh Government.
Welsh Government. (2015). Qualified for Life. A Curriculum for Wales – a Curriculum for Life. Cardiff, United Kingdom: DfES.
Welsh Government. (2015). Revised Areas of Learning and programmes of study: Phase 1 - literacy and numeracy. Cardiff, UK: Welsh Government.
Methodology and Research methods
Bell, J. 2010. Doing Your Research Project, 4th edition, Maidenhead: OUP.
Costello, P., 2011. Effective Action Research, 2nd edition, London, Continuum.
Denscombe, M., 2014. Good research guide: for small-scale social research projects. Buckingham, OUP.
Hopkins, D., 2008. A Teacher's Guide to Classroom Research, 2nd edition. Maidenhead, OUP.
Punch, K.F., 2009. Introduction to Research Methods in Education, 1st ed. London, UK: Sage Publications Ltd.
Wragg, E.C., 2013. An Introduction to Classroom Observation. Hoboken, Taylor and Francis
General Reading
Black, P.J., Harrison, C., Lee, C., 2003. Assessment for learning: putting it into practice. Maidenhead, Open University Press.
Capel, S., Leask, M., & Turner, T. (2016). Learning to Teach in the Secondary School: a Companion to School Experience. (7th ed.). London, United Kingdom: Routledge.
Clarke, S., 2014. Outstanding Formative Assessment: Culture and Practice. London: Hodder Education
Donaldson, G. (2015). Successful Futures: Independent Review of Curriculum and Assessment Arrangements in Wales. Cardiff, United Kingdom: Welsh Government.
Hattie, J. (2012). Visible Learning for Teachers: Maximizing Impact on Learning. London, United Kingdom: Routledge.
Pollard, A. (2014). Reflective Teaching in Schools. London, United Kingdom: Bloomsbury.
Rogers, B. (2015). Classroom Behaviour. (4th ed). London, United Kingdom: SAGE.
Wheeler, S (2015). Learning with ‘E’s: Educational Theory and Practice in the Digital Age. London, United Kingdom: Crown House.
Journals
British Education Research Journal
Cambridge Journal of Education
Journal of Curriculum Studies
Journal of Educational Research
Cyrsiau sy’n cynnwys y modiwl hwn
Gorfodol mewn cyrsiau:
-)This call is now CLOSED - Further information for the next Open Call will be provided soon.
NGIatlantic.eu 4th Open Call Duration: 15 June 2021 until 15 September 2021, 17:00 CEST. Call closed on 15th September, 2021 at 17:00 CEST, with a grace period granted of one week for submitted applications to 22nd September 2021 at 17:00 CEST, for technical reasons..
4th Open Call Topics
Priority coverage areas and expected scope of the NGIatlantic.eu 4th open call:
-
Topic b.1: Strengthening trustworthiness and resilience of internet – experimentation of results on the NGI call topics related to increasing trustworthiness and resilience of the internet.
Topic b.2: emissions.
Topic b.3: Service and data portability – this topic will address the challenge of personal data portability on the internet as foreseen under the General Data Protection Regulation and the data porting and service provider switching as foreseen in the proposed free flow of non-personal data regulation.
Topic b.4: Open Internet architecture renovation – this topic will focus on experiments supporting communities of developers in ensuring Internet architecture evolution towards better efficiency, scalability, security, and resilience
Topic b.5: Internet data sharing and interoperable services – this topic will address the challenge of sharing network data siloed in different internet regions across geographic boundaries and enabling trusted Internet services by composition and orchestration of globally distributed services..
Please note this open call is open to all, both existing (funded) projects in the NGI RIAs in these areas and new NGI experimenters.
Also note that it is possible for EU – US teams to put in one application that include both elements of a. and b.
EXTENTED TOPICS DESCRIPTION FOR CATEGORY B
- Topic 1: Strengthening trustworthiness and resilience of internet -
This topic will focus on experimentation of results on the NGI call topics related to increasing trustworthiness and resilience of the internet. These may include issues such as: identity (e.g., self-sovereign-identity), authentication and authorization; traceability; privacy and confidentiality related to personal and non-personal interactions or flow of sensitive information over geographic boundaries, including cryptographic solutions; transparency and accountability (e.g., certificate transparency); and federated, collaborative and/or decentralized technologies for supporting internet-wide e-identities with various levels of identification, reputation and trust, to serve as a basis for new business models for verifying and valuating personal and other sensitive data. Resilience issues may include approaches for monitoring, detection and mitigation to counter large-scale disruptions/failures or ongoing/impending cyber-attack/intrusions, and support for crisis situations; these may include techniques for resource redundancy and dynamic reconfiguration; network isolation and virtualization techniques; situational awareness, survivability and self-healing approaches. Proposers should pay special attention to the following dimensions: efficiency, interoperability, scalability, usability, deployability, sustainability, adaptability, standardisation and compatibility with the eIDAS and other national frameworks.
- Topic 2: Greening the Internet: a Sustainable and Climate-friendly NGI
This topic will focus on, the carbon footprint of the global internet technologies will double by 2025. It is estimated that the global carbon footprint of the Internet and the supporting systems is already similar to the amount produced by the airline industry globally and that Indeed, optimal resource consumption and minimization of carbon emission is a great challenge for the Next Generation Internet. Data centers and networking devices consume significant amounts of energy. It is imperative to improve energy efficiency, both locally and at the Internet level. Currently, there is a significant lack of transparency of environmental cost, which should be urgently resolved given the vast scale of resource usage. There is a need to make digital infrastructure system not only more energy-efficient but also incorporate new sustainability metrics to reflect unaccounted externalities such as energy source, e-waste and life-cycle cost of equipment. Therefore, NGIatlantic.eu invites EU – US applicants to provide and experiment with transparency mechanisms and sustainability metrics on the environmental cost of the Internet. Identification and tagging of most resource consuming elements are also very important and urgent. On both sides of the Atlantic, there has already been some early research and innovation (R&I).
- Topic 3: Service and data portability
This topic will address the challenge of personal data portability on the internet as foreseen under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the data porting and service provider switching as foreseen in the proposed free flow of non-personal data regulation..
- Topic 4: Open Internet architecture renovation
This topic will focus on experiments.
- Topic 5: Internet data sharing and interoperable services
This topic will address the challenge of sharing network data siloed in different internet regions across geographic boundaries and enabling trusted Internet services by composition and orchestration of globally distributed services. Secure and privacy-preserving data sharing is particularly important to address the rising cyber threats and incidents that are increasingly global in nature with threat actors that may include nation-states and/or be distributed across geographic boundaries. Such cyber threats and incidents include advanced persistent threats (APTs), massive data breaches, internet-scale cyberattacks and disruptions (such as those targeted towards critical infrastructures), Intellectual Property theft, politically motivated misinformation campaigns, etc. Sharing of Internet data to support continuous monitoring and data-driven analysis is critical to identify impending/ongoing attacks, support traceback and attributions, and intelligently respond to Internet events. Geographically distributed Internet-enabled services when composed in privacy-preserving and secure manner provides socio-economic benefits to global population while allowing privacy sensitive or confidential information to flow across geographic boundaries..
Type of Proposals
For open call 4, there is one type of proposal being funded, as shown below:
*It is our expectation this will result in 8-12 projects being funded with an indicative total budget of €600,000.
Eligible Costs: Cost of personnel (inclusive of 25% overhead) and travel & subsistence (cost-reimbursement contracts).
Guidance: For projects applying in all topics, there are funding mechanisms provided by the National Science Foundation (NSF) in a similar funding range as provided to ST projects that the US teams can avail of, including the NSF US-EU DCL 21-048 – a new dedicated supplemental fund for existing US NSF grantees to team up with NGIatlantic.eu partners, if they are in successful NGIatlantic.eu applications. The DCL is open to active NSF-funded researchers within NSF's Computer and Network Systems Core and Secure and Trustworthy Cyberspace programs. Funding available for NSF grantee of up to $100,000 or 20% of original grant budget for max duration of one year (n.b. the duration must fall within the period of their existing NSF grant period). Please note that the applicants still must explain how their US partners will fund their activities (independently from the DCL) and the proposals will be evaluated and selected based only on this information. US partners must commit to their work even if they finally do not receive their funding through the DCL. All supplemental funding requests subject to NSF's merit review process. Please read the terms of conditions and requirements of the DCL carefully at.
Open Call for Applications - Process and Timing
- 4th Call timing
- Launch: 15 June 2021;
- Submission of Declaration of Honor (DoH) by 15 September 2021, 17:00 CEST with the application;
- Deadline: 15 September 2021, 17:00 CEST;
- Evaluation: Each proposal will be evaluated by members of an External Pool of Evaluators (EPE);
- Notification of Outcome: Applicants will be notified on the outcome of their proposal within three months of the deadline.
Additional notes:
A signed Declaration of Honour (DoH) must be submitted by the EU coordinators along with the application.
For US partners, a signed Letter of Support (LoS) must be submitted by the US partners and uploaded along with the application. A template of the Letter of Support and Declaration of Honour can be downloaded from the "Supporting documents" section below. (but 2 more Open Calls in the period November 2021 – April 2022 – this is the 4th the EU coordinator[1]
Letter of Support in word format to be signed by each US partner[1]
Standard Contract for successful proposals (Cost-reimbursement contract)[2]
[2] Please have your legal departments review this contract template at application stage, as it will be a non-negotiable contract if the project is funded.1848 - 1900The.
1899 - 1903
Construction of the monastery of the Church of the Congregation of the Most Holy Redeemer and the Church of the Sacred Heart on Wiener Straße.
1899
Severe flooding affects large parts of Linz.
1898
The electric mountain railway on thePöstlingberg opens, the steepest adhesion railway in Europe.
1897 - 1900
Construction of a second bridge over the Danube (for road and rail), as well as a railway connecting Urfahr to the National Railway Station.
1897
Electrification of the tram network. Opening of a thermal power station.
The newspaper "Wahrheit" ("Truth") is founded, "Tagblatt" ("Daily Paper") follows in 1916.
1896 - 1898
Construction of the Kaufmännisches Vereinshaus (House of the Commercial Union) on the corner of Landstraße and Bismarckstraße, to plans by Hermann Krackowizer and Ignaz Scheck.
1895 - 1897
Construction of an Episcopal boys seminary ‘Collegium Petrinum’ in Urfahr.
1895
The Provincial Museum "Francisco-Carolinum" is opened by Emperor Franz Joseph I, built to plans by the architect Bruno Schmitz of Düsseldorf.
1894
Construction of a railroad connecting the Western Rail to the banks of the Danube, newly erected on the right bank of the river as part of the regulation of the Danube.
1894
Anton Bruckner is made an honorary citizen of the city of Linz.
1891 - 1893
Construction of the water works Scharlinz and of a municipal water system.
1891
Richard Denemy is born in Linz. Later he changes his name to Richard Tauber and becomes a world-famous opera and operetta singer (+1948 in London).
A regional building society is founded.
1889
A commercial college with three grades opens as a precursor to the state trade school and today's Higher Technical Academy.
1888
Construction of the Mühlkreis Rail to Aigen-Schlägl from the terminus in Urfahr.
1886 - 1892
Construction of the Sparkasse building (bank) on Promenade, to plans by Hermann Krackowizer.
1882
Elevation of the market town Urfahr to rank of town by Emperor Franz Joseph I. Design of the German nationalist ‘Linz Programme’ for a planned ‘German People’s Party’.
1881
The House of Mercy for the terminally ill is founded on Schubertstraße.
1880 - 1882
Construction of the church of the Merciful Sisters of the Holy Cross.
1880
Opening of the horse-drawn tramway from Urfahr to the National Railway Station, electrified in 1897.
1876
Work begins on expanding the canal network.
2nd half 19th century
Systematic extension of the city, especially to the south (to the Western Rail) and the south-west (Neustadt).
1873
Incorporation of Lustenau and Waldegg.
1872
The horse-drawn railway between Linz and Ceské Budejovice closes.
1870 - 1872
Construction of a first iron bridge over the Danube as a replacement for the old wooden bridge, which had been damaged by a ship.
Construction the present secondary school on Spittelwiese to plans by the architect Karl Stattler.
1870
Foundation of a Jewish community in Linz-Urfahr.
1869
The philosopher Robert Reininger is born in Linz.
The „Linzer Volksblatt“ (newspaper) is founded.
1868
Linz's Workers' Education Society is founded.
Commercial Society is founded.
1866
Foundation of a voluntary fire brigade, after the creation of a professional fire brigade in 1851 met with little success.
1863 - 1866
Construction of the General Hospital, although it does not become operational until 1868.
1863
The Poet, essayist and critic Hermann Bahr is born in Linz, ‘the Gentleman from Linz’, as Karl Kraus called him.
1862
Foundation of the ‘Linz Gymnastics Club’.
1861
Austria upstream of the Enns achieves autonomy. Dominik Anton Lebschy, Abbot of Schlägl, becomes first Provincial Governor.
1858
Launch of the western rail route between Vienna and Linz. The line is extended to Salzburg in 1860, the following year the section betweenWels and Passau is completed.
1857
Construction of a gas works for street lighting and private use. Linz is connected to the Empress Elisabeth Railway (the Western Railway); the new station is located in the parish of Waldegg.
1856 - 1868
Anton Bruckner lives in Linz as cathedral and city parish organist.
1851
Foundation of a protestant parish in Linz.
The Chamber of Commerce is founded.
Linz Castle becomes a barracks after being used as a penal facility between 1811 and 1851.
1850
The city receives a local government code based on the Municipalities law of 1849.
Closure of the woollen mill. A tobacco factory is established in its place as an emergency measure for the unemployed workforce.
1849 - 1868
The poet Adalbert Stifter lives in Linz as a schools inspector and influential cultural figure.
1848
Disturbances and street riots in the wake of revolutionary events in Vienna, formation of a National Guard.ISMRM Workshop on Ultra-High Field MR
Looking forward to seeing you there!
With now nearly one hundred human ultra-high field (UHF) MRI systems installed and the recent approval for certain clinical protocols, the realm of UHF MRI applications keeps rapidly expanding. The advancement has been dependent on continuous technological and methodological progress. This interplay between application and technology still drives the entire field forward and forms the basis of the workshop.
This ultra-high field workshop has a three-and-a-half-day format, consisting of optional pre-meeting educational sessions followed by the main scientific workshop. The three pre-meeting educational sessions will be dedicated to practical UHF for those new to the field, to RF coil development and to preclinical UHF. The main workshop will give a broad overview of the status of the vast UHF landscape spanning from latest technology to mature clinical applications, as well as outline current trends into the future. Next to invited talks and abstract presentations, time will be devoted to discussions on community efforts and to foster collaborations between sites and disciplines.We want to help you stay up to date and continue your development. Here is our guide to Alternative CPD courses for supply teachers that you should have a look at. They are all free(Please keep in mind that the courses below mention some very serious themes, so take this into consideration when reading.)
The Association for Child and Adolescent Mental Health
This course is a couple of live stream sessions featuring different content and different speakers. With learning outcomes including, an overview on self-harm in young people, insight on how self-harm could be addressed in schools, and it aims to help you understand sources of support for young people who self-harm. Definitely a must if you are working in an education setting.
The UK Trauma Council – Traumatic Bereavement
These resources aim to help schools, colleges and practitioners who are working with traumatically bereaved children and young people. There may unfortunately be times when you are working with students who are experiencing bereavement. This course can better equip you with knowing what to do when you are helping a pupil who is going through a very hard time.
The Virtual College – Dealing with Stressful Situations
The course looks at what stress is and advice on how you can cope and deal with stressful situations. The 30 minute long course can be completed at your own pace, and is generic so it is not necessarily designed for teachers but it’s always good to keep learning.
Parents Against Child Exploitation – Keep Them Safe e-learning Course
The course is targeted at people who come into contact with children and young people so it is ideal for teachers and people who work in the school environment. The e-learning course will help you understand child sexual exploitation, find out how to spot the signs and know who to report any concerns to.
The Virtual College – Female Genital Mutilation: Recognising and Preventing FGM
This is a free online safeguarding training course developed for the Home Office by Virtual College. A recent study revealed that 137,000 women in England and Wales are estimated to be living with the consequences of FGM. The course is particualrly recommended to people who are interested in gaining an overview of FGM, particularly frontline staff in healthcare, police, border force and children’s social care. So school workers would benefit from taking this course.
Open Learn – Free Course on Modern Slavery
This course explores modern slavery, and will help people develop an understanding of the international system of human rights protection in relation to modern slavery. It also encourages an appreciation of the influence of International Human Rights Law on the development of the domestic system of human rights protection. This course is 15 hours so is more of a commitment, however the knowledge you would gain would be very valuable.
Home Office – E-learning on Preventing Terrorism
This e-learning course teaches how to safeguard vulnerable people from being radicalised to supporting terrorism or becoming terrorists themselves, which is an introduction to the Prevent duty.
National Cyber Security Centre – Cyber Security Training for School Staff
The Cyber Security Training for School Staff Course is specifically designed for people who work within schools. It can help improve their school’s cyber resilience. There are 2 course formats that you can choose from, ‘a scripted presentation pack’ and ‘a self-learn video’. The certificate can be printed at the end.
Overall, the CPD Courses For Supply Teachers suggested here will ultimately help you be a better teacher. They will prepare you for anything that may unexpectedly arise during your time teaching. Do you have any course recommendations? Let us know on Facebook or Twitter.After a much hype and amidst a good buzz, the Salman Khan starrer movie Race 3 has finally hit today the theaters. Salman Khan who is fond of releasing his movies on the eve of Eid kept his legacy alive by releasing once again the movie Race 3. The buzz was strong, which was witnessed from the very morning show as the occupancy reports went to 60 to 70 percent. The eve of Eid helped the film to bag good collection on the first day of its release which proved that this year he will have a good festive offer getting big collection at the box office. As the morning and the afternoon shows passed and reached the evening shows, the film turned bigger and better in terms of occupancy.
It went on to touch even 100 percent at both the single screens and thus giving a good collection on the first day. As per reports, the 1st day box office collection for Race 3 went on to score a collection of not less than 16 crore, which seems to be a decent figure to earn on the first day of its release. Both the critics and audience have better reviews for the film and also festive season has helped the film to earn good over the box office. The experts are expecting a good escalation in the coming first weekend of the movie.
As per reports, and the buzz surrounding the movie, it will earn good both on the Saturday and Sunday. Saturday being holiday on the eve of Eid will manage to get bigger crowd calling a huge collection for th film for sure. Thus the experts feel that the film would collect not less than 25 crore on both the days crossing an easy 65 to 70 crore figure in its first weekend. In the next day or two the film should be able to enter into the 100 crore club. In fact, if things would go smooth Race 3 can even enter into the 100 crore in the first weekend only. Well, let’s see how things would move but at the moment Race 3 had a good start very much similar to the way it was expected at the box office to perform.By Thomas A. Wake, Ph.D., STRI Research Associate
Since 2002 the Proyect Arqueológico Sitio Drago, co-directed by Thomas A. Wake and Tomas E. Mendizabal, has produced findings that have changed the interpretation of past populations living on Isla Colón and in the Bocas del Toro Archipelago. It is clear now that Isla Colón was settled approximately 2,000 years ago, a thousand years earlier than previously thought. Evidence of continuous contact with the highlands on the mainland to the south over the past 2,000 years suggests that the region was also less isolated than originally assumed. The material culture recovered from Sitio Drago illustrates contact with a variety of culture areas covering much of lower Central America, including Gran Coclé to the east, Gran Chiriquí (Pacific) to the south, and Gran Nicoya to the northwest.
The people living at Sitio Drago had a level of social organization that allowed them to actively interact with other local and regional populations. For example, there are no sources of tool stone on Isla Colón, yet boulder mortars, rocker-manos and basaltic stone axes and projectile points are not uncommon on the island. The past inhabitants of Isla Colón repeatedly organized the requisite number (50-100, if not more) of people and watercraft necessary to transport large boulders from the mainland to island hilltops. In addition to the regionally diagnostic trade ceramics, the stone and shell artifacts recovered from Sitio Drago are evocative of an active exchange network operating between Isla Colón and different parts of the mainland, up to 400 km away. Isla Colón and Bocas del Toro were part of a larger lower Central American trade and exchange network from at least 2,000 to 500 years ago.
Data recovered from survey, surface collection, and limited excavation suggest that the situation changed radically in the sixteenth century CE, soon after Columbus’s October 5, 1502, visit to Bocas del Toro. Material culture recovered from postcontact sites on Isla Colón appears less technologically sophisticated and more insular. These sites are located on interior hilltops and caves, away from the coast and hidden from view. Few exotic ceramics are found, and those recovered appear less diverse and more crudely made compared to those from a century earlier.
All indications suggest an early historic period collapse of the earlier far-flung network, resulting in a more isolated local population. This situation began to change in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries CE with the influx of pirates, Anglophone Afro-Caribbeans, different Indian groups, and banana plantations, ultimately producing the diverse community that is modern Bocas del Toro.
The nearly 20 years of field work in Bocas del Toro, Panama have been tough at times but richly rewarding. Research collaborations developed with STRI and UTP Faculty (Richard Cooke, Ashley Sharpe and Aaron O’Dea, to name a few, and Alexis Mojica) have blossomed and are bearing academic fruit in terms of new knowledge and interested students. The Proyecto Arqueológico Sitio Drago has served to educate North American university and Panamanian students about the vibrant culture of Bocas del Toro and Panama in general. Many participants have remarked on how enjoyable and eye-opening their experience in Panama turned out to be. Panamanian participants in the project have honed their professional skills and continued their careers in archaeology. Several project participants have returned to conduct further research into the archaeology of Bocas del Toro. So far, the project has produced several publications, 3 master’s theses, 1 dissertation and another one on the way. We look forward to many more years of enjoyable fieldwork and research collaboration in Panama.
References
Wake, Thomas A. (No Date). A Pre-European Archaeology of Greater Bocas del Toro, Western Caribbean. In El Mar Caribe: The American Mediterranean, edited by C. Dennett and V. Lyall, Pp. xx-xx. Frederick & Jan Mayer Center for Pre-Columbian and Spanish Colonial Art, Denver Art Museum.
Wake, Thomas A. 2014. Ten years in the tropics: Archaeological research and education in Bocas del Toro, Panama. Backdirt: Annual Review of the Cotsen Institute of Archaeology at UCLA:82–93.
O’Dea, Aaron, Marian Lynne Shaffer, Douglas R. Doughty, Thomas A. Wake, and Felix A. Rodriguez. 2014. Evidence of size-selective evolution in the fighting conch from prehistoric subsistence harvesting. Proceedings of the Royal Society of London B: Biological Sciences 281(1782):20140159.
Wake, Thomas A., Douglas R. Doughty, and Michael Kay. 2013. Archaeological investigations provide Late Holocene baseline ecological data for Bocas del Toro, Panama. Bulletin of Marine Science 89(4):1015–1035.
Wake, Thomas A., Alexis O. Mojica, Michael H. Davis, Christina J. Campbell, and Tomás Mendizábal. 2012. Electrical resistivity surveying and pseudo-three-dimensional tomographic imaging at Sitio Drago, Bocas del Toro, Panama. Archaeological Prospection 19:49–58.
Wake, Thomas A. 2006. Prehistoric Exploitation of the Swamp Palm (Raphia taedigera:Arecacae) at Sitio Drago, Isla Colón, Bocas del Toro, Panamá. The Caribbean Journal of Science 42(1):11-19.
Wake, Thomas A., Jason de Leon, and Carlos Fitzgerald Bernal. 2004. Prehistoric Sitio Drago, Bocas del Toro, Panama. Antiquity 78(300).India's Answer to Google with First Driverless Car
BENGALURU: Now India too has developed a driverless car like Goggle’s self driven car, but with much less capital. Roshy John, a Bengaluru based techie has built a driverless car with the help of his friends, reports indiatimes.com.
Roshy John, who is a Head at Robotics and Cognitive Systems at TCS, developed this driverless car with his 29-member team. Although the car is yet to be tested on the road, just the idea of the self driven car gives us a hope that we can indeed curb road mishaps and accidents effectively. In 2011, John purchased a Nano to test his software on the Tata Nano which is considered an engineering marvel.
Similar test are done across the world by some of the famous car manufacturers like, Daimler, Nissan, General Motors, BMW, Google and Tesla who are investing large amounts of money in the development of driverless cars. John has used onboard diagnostics which is a regular feature in most cars today and also has a scanner to monitor the engine. Creating an algorithm using a custom cluster of multiple computers, he and his team were able to read all parameters of the engine.
Many devices were used to extract vitals of the car and its surroundings, which included wheel encoders to measure the speed of the wheel, multiple lidars to measure distance by illuminating a target with a laser light to identify obstacles around the car, use of HDR cameras and GPS. The data is further processed by the software to make the car 'drive' like a human.
Read Also: Google Maps To Make Navigation Easy In Metros
Smartphone Microscope Spots Skin CancerNews
ACADEMY VILLAS
Assisted Living and Retirement News
Installing.
Villas Activities
LOTS TO DO
Many activities are available to Villas residents. Led by Diana Hannifan, Activity Coordinator these include, among others, chair aerobics, board games, art, gardening, and special holiday activities. She also is a photographer, and took the photos shown below.
GARDENING:
Residents enjoy planting and caring for flowers and vegetables in the raised Villas gardens. Tomatoes are a prime plant for these beautiful and productive gardens.
ART:
Residents have made art work such as holiday cards, worked with with plastic, and created art pieces with colored pencil.
SPECIAL VISITS & BOARD GAMES:
Many special events are planned for the residents. For example, a lovely miniature horse was brought in to meet with the residents. In addition, the residents, either alone or in groups, love the board games that are available.
Caring for Our Elders
StayingMichael D Higgins met Bernie Sanders yesterday, and everyone wants them to be best mates
Sure they could be twins!
Your contributions will help us continue to deliver the stories that are important to you
Sure they could be twins!
Hey guys! Found your doppelganger.
Stop this madness.
They were randomly staying in the same hotel too.
THIS is how you look like a painting.
He came from Greece, he had a thirst for knowledge…
Never look at Robert Pattinson the same way ever again.
This face is my face, that face is your face… no wait, that’s my faaace.
Stop the world, we’re getting off for good this time.
Cannot. Deal.As a Messianic author, I mean no disrespect to any other author when I say that thus far in our movement, we have had only one truly academic book published about Messianic Judaism. It is the 2005 volume Post-Missionary Messianic Judaism: Redefining Christian Engagement With the Jewish People by Mark Kinzer (get it HERE).
The fact that the book is academic has pluses and minuses. There are people who have read and will read the book specifically because it is by an academic press and written in the language of the academy. There are people who won’t read the book because it is written in this way. Many people simply will not make the effort to read an academic book (which is why I write in a more popular style–that and the fact that I don’t have a PhD and perhaps would not be able to get published by an academic press).
If the importance of Israel as a people is something you care deeply about and if you are a reader, both of which qualifications are likely what drew you to this blog in the first place, then I urge you to read this book. If you want to understand the future of Messianic Judaism, I believe Dr. Kinzer’s book is the beginning of that future.
Some have been put off by the title “post-missionary,” as if the title means we do not have a message to share with our Jewish people. Dr. Kinzer is quite clear about this. Of course we have a message. We have Messiah. But “missionary” refers to a certain stance Christians have taken toward the Jewish people, a stance which has promoted continued misunderstanding. The missionary stance is: (a) you Jewish people are wrong, (b) we Christians are right, (c) you Jewish people must listen to what we have to say.
In Jerusalem, at a recent lecture, Dr. Kinzer delivered a paper, “Post-Missionary Messianic Judaism, Three Years Later.” I am not aware at this time of the paper being available online. I will make it available on Messianic Musings if that becomes a possibility. At any rate, reading the article that follows should give you a good idea of the heart of Dr. Kinzer’s message.
……………………………………………………………………………………….
Speaking at “The Lindsey Lectures” in Jerusalem on July 1, 2008, Rabbi Dr. Mark Kinzer reflected on the review and discussion of his 2005 book, Post-Missionary Messianic Judaism (get it HERE). Kinzer’s book has been discussed and reviewed in both academic and missionary publications. Naturally the reaction by the missionary world was unfavorable, as Kinzer’s book calls for a change beyond what mission agencies would be likely to consider. Thus, Kinzer summarizes the reaction of Rich Robinson of Jews for Jesus and Baruch Maoz, an Israeli Christian leader who opposes the very idea of Messianic Judaism:
Some readers have found PMJ deeply disturbing. One of the earliest reviews called it “profoundly defective“ and “unbiblical“ (Robinson 2005). Another asserted that “If Mr. Kinzer’s platform were to be adopted, the biblical faith of Jesus would be destroyed among both Jews and Gentiles“ (Maoz).
Quite helpfully, in this paper, Kinzer shines the spotlight on two main ideas in his book. The first idea is widely accepted in Messianic Judaism but is rarely accepted even by forward-thinking Christian theologians. The second idea is only narrowly accepted by a sub-movement within Messianic Judaism. What are these two seminal ideas?
1. Jewish followers of Yeshua have a covenantal obligation of faithfulness to the Torah which necessitates Messianic Jewish communities as distinct from yet related to Christian communities. These Messianic Jewish communities are a part of the larger Jewish community.
2. Jewish tradition has legitimate authority in defining Torah observance and God (and Yeshua) have been active in Jewish tradition, though this tradition is not infallible.
The case for Messianic Jewish faithfulness to Torah and for distinct congregations (as opposed to Jewish believers simply blending into churches) is simple. The New Testament upholds to obligation of Jewish believers to live as Jews bound by the Torah. Living the Torah must be done communally. The Torah life is not an individualistic life, but one that calls for mutual support and walking out commandments and observances together. It is impossible for Jews in non-Jewish communities to truly follow their calling as Jews. Assimilation is not an option for a faithful Jewish believer. Kinzer refers to the case he makes in his book:
In that chapter I examine how the Apostolic Writings deal with a set of Jewish practices rooted in the Torah which by the first-century had become crucial markers of Jewish identity: circumcision, Shabbat and holiday observance, and kashrut. I reach the
following conclusion:
Our survey of the New Testament teaching on Jewish practice (for Jews) has produced a surprising result. We have good grounds for upholding the view that the New Testament as a whole treats Jewish practice as obligatory for Jews. (95)
I do not assert here merely “that Messianic Jews lived Torah observant lives during the New Testament period“ (Glaser, 31). Instead, I contend that the Apostolic Writings consider such observance to be an obligatory expression of Jewish covenantal fidelity rooted in theological conviction rather than prudential judgment.
The final sentences of Chapter 2 demonstrate how I view the importance of this proposition:
This conclusion has profound theological implications. In many ways, the remainder of this book is an attempt to reflect on those implications and on their significance for the church and for the Jewish people. (96)
The discovery of an enduring requirement for a basic level of Torah observance for Yeshua-believing Jews is interesting and important in itself, and stands as a foundational principle of much of the Messianic Jewish congregational movement in the Diaspora.
This concept is widely (though not universally) accepted among Messianic Jewish congregations. Messianic Judaism is not about bagels and lox, but Shabbat and Torah. Messianic Judaism is more than another cultural expression. It is a distinct community within the body of Messiah, the Jewish wing of Yeshua’s global movement. Messianic Judaism’s roots are in the Jewish mission of Peter and James from the book of Acts.
Christian theologians, even those highly disposed toward Israel and Judaism, are reluctant to accept this idea. Even R. Kendall Soulen, author of The God of Israel and Christian Theology, expressed concern:
Kinzer’s vision of the church as a community of reconciliation between those who remain genuinely different left me with some lingering questions about how Kinzer would deal with the more traditional but nevertheless wholly justified ecclesial concern to express messianic peace through visible unity.
If the first of Kinzer’s seminal ideas is accepted in Messianic Judiasm but not so much by Christians, the second seminal idea is only narrowly accepted even in Messianic Judaism. Here is the idea described in Kinzer’s paper:
This sets the stage for the most radical and controversial chapter of PMJ. Having looked at the historical Christian “No“ to Israel, we now examine the historical Jewish “No“ to Yeshua. The underlying premise of both Chapters 6 and 7 is that Jewish practice requires a living tradition of communal application, and that any twenty-first century version of the Jewish ekklesia must recognize Jewish tradition as having some measure of
authority.
One cannot build a contemporary Judaism exclusively on either the Bible or modern (or postmodern) sensibility. Without some connection to the historical experience of the Jewish people, Judaism evaporates into thin air. (215)
But this raises the question, how can Yeshua-believers treat as in any sense authoritative a tradition that said No to Yeshua?
Kinzer’s answer to that question is yes. Messianic Judaism cannot make an end-run around Jewish tradition. While the rabbis did not believe in Yeshua, this does not mean that God, or even Yeshua, has been absent from their work. The Bible is filled with examples of God working through people and institutions that reject key components of God’s revelation (I might mention Balaam as one example and the magi of the New Testament as another).
Post-Missionary Messianic Judaism is a book calling for change. It is calling for Christians and Messianic Jews to recognize a new paradigm which can be summarized in the following points:
1. Jewish followers of Yeshua are a distinct group within the community of Yeshua in the world.
2. Unity and diversity are not contradictory and distinction within unity is both possible and necessary.
3. The New Testament affirms the Torah lifestyle for Jewish people, whether followers of Yeshua or not.
4. Jewish followers of Yeshua cannot effectively live out the mandate to be Torah-faithful Jews and at the same time assimilate into Christian communities.
5. The unity of Jew and Gentile in Messiah cannot mean blending and assimilating, but must mean a unity on a higher level, the practical implications of which greatly need to be discussed by Christians and Messianic Jews.
6. Faithfulness to God’s Torah means involvement in the people of the Torah, the larger Jewish community.
7. God has appointed judges in Israel to set standards for the community of Israel and the rabbis fulfill this function.
8. Accepting the authority of the rabbis decidedly does not mean conforming to various varieties of Orthodox Judaism (anyone knowledgeable about Judaism knows the wide variety of opinions).
9. Where there is a large consensus within Israel about how the community keeps the Torah, Messianic Jews are duty-bound to follow in order to be faithful to Torah in its communal sense.
10. Private Biblical interpretation is very important, but must not be allowed to separate Messianic Jews from the larger Jewish community.
11. Messianic Jews must work toward the vision of being a voice in the Jewish community and a voice in determining community standards (we are far from realizing this dream–but keep in mind promises of a great turning to Yeshua in the future within the Jewish people).
12. Messianic Judaism must represent Yeshua within Judaism and not as a voice from the outside.
I would like to hear from you, especially regarding the twelve points above. What do you think? Please comment (reasonably short comments please). If possible, refer to one of the twelve points above as you express agreement, objection, or a need for further clarification.
Well, I know I haven’t posted much here, but this topic is one that I have discussed with others, elsewhere on the ‘net. I have to start by saying that I haven’t read the book, but I believe I would disagree with the very basis of the book. From studying the New Testament verses and teachings surrounding the observance of the Law, I do not believe anyone is under the Law, as the Law (or obligation) any more, and that includes Jewish believers. (I also, from reading some of your other posts, believe that your opinion will differ from this, I’m not wanting to start a debate, but just to offer one Christian’s viewpoint on this.)
1. Jewish followers of Yeshua are a distinct group within the community of Yeshua in the world.
I would say that this only holds true from a human perspective; once in Christ, we are truly one unified body and there is no distinction between Jew and Gentile, and this lack of distinction leaves no room for a completely “distinct group” within it. In a way we are “beyond” labels, even though we may fulfill different functions at different times, there is a blending together, rather than a sharp “distinction.” Maybe it is just the wording that bothers me.
3. The New Testament affirms the Torah lifestyle for Jewish people, whether followers of Yeshua or not.
I don’t believe it does (and I know that there will be many that disagree). It gives the freedom to engage in the lifestyle of the Law (as long as it is done with the correct heart and understanding), but it also gives the freedom to not, regardless of being Jewish or Gentile. For those still holding to the Law without Messiah, it can only condemn if not followed to the place were it is pointing…at Him.
5. The unity of Jew and Gentile in Messiah cannot mean blending and assimilating, but must mean a unity on a higher level, the practical implications of which greatly need to be discussed by Christians and Messianic Jews.
I disagree; the unity in Messiah is as the unity of a person’s body. Everything is connected and works in concert together. To try to separate Jewish believers from other believers in Christ, is to try to separate one’s heart, or feet, or hands…it doesn’t work, as the body functions most optimally as a solid whole.
Conversely, if one wanted to argue for a unity with “distinctions” I suppose one could use the Triune nature of God to serve as example. However, I would still maintain that the type of unity we see amongst believers (and between the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit) will not lead to sharp contrasts in belief or action between believers, or a “separating.”
6. Faithfulness to God’s Torah means involvement in the people of the Torah, the larger Jewish community.
Believers and Non-believers is the distinction where the true line now lays, not between Jewish believers and Gentile believers. I do believe that Jewish believers can and should be active in the larger Jewish community.
7. God has appointed judges in Israel to set standards for the community of Israel and the rabbis fulfill this function.
They used to fulfill the function, but now, I cannot see how or why a Jewish believer would want to, or feel the need to follow an earthly, non-believing rabbi…can anyone offer a perspective on this? I do believe that if there are believing, Messianic Jewish communities that the system of governmental leadership presented in the Old Testament could still be used to good effect.
10. Private Biblical interpretation is very important, but must not be allowed to separate Messianic Jews from the larger Jewish community.
This, again, is an odd, and foreign position to me (hey, at least I admit it ;) ). It seems to discount the direct influence and guidance of the Holy Spirit in a special, unique way in the lives of believers; Jewish and Gentile. Living the life of a believer in Jesus means that He is our head, and that we should hearken to Him directly, and if that conflicts with a non-believer’s position, then we should always place Him, and His guidance first and foremost…sometimes embracing Jesus as Messiah is going to separate people within a community, regardless of intent.
Just some thoughts,
Kliska
TheChristianScribbler.com
Kliska:
Thank you for being brave enough to go first. Obviously you and I have arrived at some very different theological conclusions.
Your comment is quite long and I desire to be brief. So let me attempt to throw a few thoughts to challenge you to further thinking.
You say, “we are truly one unified body and there is no distinction between Jew and Gentile.” The same verse that teaches the unity of Jew and Gentile says there is “neither male nor female” (Gal. 3:28). Are you in favor of Christians eradicating the male-female distinction?
You say, “It gives the freedom to engage in the lifestyle of the Law.” How does Acts 15 make any sense at all if we do not read it assuming that Jewish believers are bound to Torah? Why would the apostles stop short of giving the whole truth if that is, in fact, what they meant?
You say, “the unity in Messiah is as the unity of a person’s body.” I think you are mixing metaphors (mixing 1 Corinthians 12 with Galatians and Ephesians). Isn’t the oneness of a man and woman in marriage a better illustration of the unity of Jew and Gentile?
You may have misunderstood what I meant about rabbinic authority. I meant that the rabbis, as leaders of the community, have authority to say how the Torah should be kept. I don’t know if you have had much time to think about this issue, if you don’t keep Torah, but the Bible leaves many of the details up to the community. It would be chaos if everyone did what was right in his own eyes. So there are community standards to answers questions like, “What does it mean to deny yourself on Yom Kippur?”
As for the Holy Spirit versus the rabbis, again I think you misunderstood. I meant that we should not appeal to private biblical interpretation as a way to separate ourselves from the Jewish community in the manner of following the Torah. Of course we have the Holy Spirit and we interpret the Bible.
Derek
I agree that we have arrived at different conclusions; though I hope that we can both respect each other’s positions while still disagreeing. Sorry for the length of my first post, I was wanting only to hit on some of the points that were listed from my perspective.
Colossians 3:11 also speaks in the same vein, but adds, “Where there is neither Greek nor Jew, circumcision nor uncircumcision…” The main point, isn’t that there are not physical differences, or even some role differences, such as those between male and female, but that all should be united as one, and in God’s eyes there is an equality between these things through faith and He sees us all as the body of Christ, which is how we are described. You later touch on the husband/wife relationship (echad) as I alluded to the Oneness (echad) of God in unity…what I’m trying to communicate (rather poorly) is that you don’t see a husband and wife separating themselves from one another, and are in fact taught not to except in rare instances. And I feel that the ideas of separating out Messianic Believers from Gentile believers to the extent hinted at doesn’t constitute echad, if you’ll forgive the bumbling use of Hebrew. If the Messianic Believers are “only” in, or restricted to a community of non-Messianic Jews, then how is there that level of oneness and unity between Messianic and Gentile believers? I suppose it could be limited to an invisible unity as between all believers…
James was the head of the church at Jerusalem, and headed the council. James, from what we can tell from the scriptural accounts came to his acceptance of Christ after Christ was crucified and resurrected, as did many other Jewish believers. There is a theme of Jewish believers holding to some of the old teachings, and it appears that was what was occurring, and also, in some quarters, wishing Gentiles to hold to the Law as well. In Acts we read Peter aul also had to correct Peter in some of his actions…there were disagreements in the early church; see Galatians, such as Galatians chapter 2, where we have Peter hiding from James’ men.
Paul, in his letters, explains that there is now a righteousness completely apart from the law, and that the law functioned as a schoolmaster. I don’t believe the law functions in the same capacity in the new covenant as in the old for believers, for Christ fulfilled the law, and the law pointed the believer to the need of Christ. I’ve always found Paul’s words in 1 Corinthians 9:20 interesting, “And unto the Jews I became as a Jew, that I might gain the Jews; to them that are under the law, as under the law, that I might gain them that are under the law;” Paul apparently doesn’t consider himself (in Christ) a Jew nor a Gentile, nor under the law nor without the law. I suppose that is a type of the mindset I’m try to express. There is freedom in Christ; but freedom with responsibility.
With the Rabbi points, I guess I see it a bit differently…there is going to be a fundamental difference between a Messianic Rabbi and a Non-Messianic Rabbi…the indwelling of the Holy Spirit, that special relationship between us and Him, that allows us to truly understand scripture, is only available on that deep level with believers in Jesus; if you wanted an answer to “What does it mean to deny yourself on Yom Kippur?” and you are actually viewing it from a spiritual/law point of view, would it not be prudent to seek out a Messianic Rabbi?
I understand that there are a lot of theological issues going on here at once, and also that I don’t always to the best job giving a clear explanation of my thoughts, so thank you for wading through it,
Kliska
TheChristianScribbler.com
Kliska:
It is not possible, in a short space, to discuss all these issues adequately. I would love to be able to challenge your paradigm about Jewish believers and the Torah, but space does not permit. I do hope you keep reading Messianic Musings and maybe over time, you will understand more where we Messianic Jews are coming from.
Since there is limited space, I will focus the discussion with you on one issue: the unity of Jew and Gentile and the diversity of Jew and Gentile.
You said yourself, “The main point, isn’t that there are not physical differences, or even some role differences.” Exactly. I’m talking about a role distinction. Jewish believers have a slightly different role in the Body of Messiah.
Now, you also said, “I feel that the ideas of separating out Messianic Believers from Gentile believers to the extent hinted at doesn’t constitute echad.” Here I would like to continue to challenge you.
Consider a different but related issue, ethnic churches. Would you agree that it is helpful for communities to form based on cultural and linguistic commonalities? For example, isn’t it a good idea for Koreans in America to gather with other Koreans for worship, if they choose? Is this a sort of divisive segregation?
I think not. There is no such thing as a neutral “Christian” culture. And we are creatures of culture and language. We need support from others who understand how we think.
The need for Messianic Jewish congregations separate from churches is of a different order than this Korean example, but I hope you understand my point.
Derek
Derek, I agree that there is much too much to go into here, and I have a sense that it isn’t the time, nor the place, but I do hope you can see that I have a respect for your position, even if my thoughts differ.
Now, it is interesting that you bring up the cultural splitting in churches…I lived in Mississippi for four years while doing my graduate work, and was able to observe exactly what you are referring to, and it grieved me. There would be all black Baptist churches (for example) and one street down there would be all white Baptist churches…they’d be televised on TV even, and I couldn’t help but think that if there was a bit more mingling between the brethren, that everyone may learn something. (I do know that here are some churches where that happens.)
There is so much that we could learn, and that could enrich our understanding of each other, and I believe God, or at least our worship of God by a greater unity amongst Christians…and I don’t mean a unity such as the Roman church pushes for. I guess, for me, the idea of being a believer has always trumped any other difference, whether it be ethnic, or age, or gender, etc…
In a way I may be an idealist, but I can imagine a congregation made up of all ethnic groups, supporting one another, worshiping together…perhaps it is just a longing for the world to come, but I know, for example, that I would learn a lot if we had the opportunity to have Messianic Jewish Believers be in our congregation, and it does make me pause to hear/read about someone (the author/speaker you mentioned) who seems to flat out believe it is akin to a religious duty to split off from fellow believers…
Grace and Peace,
Kliska
Kliska:
You are right. I do think you are an idealist :-) Multi-ethnic churches exist and they work to a degree. But all people need people who understand them to be in their close circle.
Let me try to show you that your words are unrealistic idealism. You said, “I couldn’t help but think that if there was a bit more mingling between the brethren, that everyone may learn something.”
Alright, then, do you attend a Black church? Or a Korean church? Why not? Wouldn’t the mingling be good for you and your children?
I am not making absolute pronouncements against cross-cultural relationships. I am simply saying that human beings are not culture-neutral. Nor does God call us to be.
Derek
Derek, as I mentioned earlier, not in these comments but elsewhere, I live in a very rural area in the Midwest (I’m from a town of 750 people)…there are no multi-cultural churches here, the closest would be around a two hour drive.
The mingling probably would be good for me, and my husband (we don’t have any children at the moment), and it would probably be good for others as well. I don’t believe for a moment that God calls us to be culture-neutral, but I do believe He calls us to be united with other believers in a way that is special between us, as opposed to unbelievers. As I said, I understand why believers split into groups, and I don’t necessarily have a problem with it (although the ideal would be better, IMO, as it will be in the ages to come) but I don’t think I could support a religious call to do so; esp. when that call tells believers to group with non-believers over their own spiritual brethren.
Grace and Peace,
Kliska
Maybe I’ll break this up into a couple of posts. Maybe not.
I agree with the first comment, but I’ll add a little bit. Torah observance, as far as I can read from Romans 14, falls under liberty in Messiah. Each be convinced in your own mind.
I’m currently reading and blogging on Shapiro’s “Limits of Orthodox Judaism”. Now that’s a must-read. His chapter on the Eternality of the Torah is pertinent (and that happens to be my next post on goyforjesus.blogspot.com).
You are assuming the position that Torah observance is for today (as opposed to those who believes it is fulfilled). If that falls, this all goes down with it.
Interestingly, a large stream within Orthodoxy held the possibility that Torah would change when Messianic times arrived. Some of their arguments are downright cessasionist.
Lastly, bringing together Jew and Gentile into one body and thereby fulfilling many prophecies and blessing the nations seems, to me at least, to be a prominent theme in the Bible. Working with a spiritual dead populace for expecting acceptance seems quite foolish.
While I see where a lot of the points are coming from 7) seems incredibly off-base.
9) Most in Israel are secular. Most Orthodox, if you limit it to them, believe following Jesus is idolatry. That is a big consensus as to Torah. Which brings us back to the foolishness of 7.
Geoff and Kliska:
Thanks for commenting. I think it is interesting that so far only Christians who do not believe in the Jewish obligation to Torah have posted.
Any Messianics out there who share my paradigm?
I enjoy challenging Christians to see a Torah-faithful paradigm for Jewish believers, but I had hoped for some intra-Messianic conversation.
Derek
Geoff:
By Israel I meant the Jewish people, not the land of Israel.
Since you said that you do not accept the obligation of Jewish believers to Torah-faithfulness, let me ask you a question Kliska never answered: How do you interpret Acts 15 without assuming that Jewish believers are to keep the Law of Moses?
All through their deliberations, the only debate was whether Gentiles had to keep the Law of Moses. If the point was, “No one need keep Torah anymore,” the apostles surely failed us, right?
Derek
Hi, I’m following fascinated. I don’t have a problem with Kinzer’s understandings as summed up by Derek, and find it difficult to understand how others don’t see it, I find it difficult to stand in their shoes and see it through their eyes, I think because it comes so naturally to me to see that getting on with living a life centred on Torah and mitzvot is the best thing for my ruchnius, for my soul and its wellbeing as a part of the wider whole that is the Jewish people. What else is there for Jews? What else could possibly be better for a Jewish soul than to passionately and faithfully live ethically, and with those distinctive observances that are for the Jewish people? The former Rosh Beis Din here in the UK told me simply ‘halachah is ethics’. How could I be a better Jew – Messianic or otherwise – by abandoning the tried and tested, forged-over-time, Jewish ethics? I don’t believe the rabbis have understood it all perfectly. There are a few areas of concern even beyond their rejection of Yeshua as Messiah, these touch on what we now understand to be human rights and gender discrimination etc. But those are details compared to the whole, and the whole has I trust been developed under the guidance of the Holy Spirit over the centuries, just as it was before the time of Christ. We will never get understanding and applying halachah perfectly right, but that doesn’t mean it is to be given up! It is to be lived even more carefully and thoughtfully because of the centuries of conscientious and yiras shomayim-filled development that have gone into it.
I’m enjoying reading everyone’s POV’s on this! I will add in that I did address Acts 15 by the other points I made, these things must be seen in context, both scripturally and culturally. I believe certain things happened as they did in Acts because of James’ leadership of the church in Jerusalem…but, I quoted Peter himself saying that the Law was a burden they were not able to bear, as well as saying that the Jewish people would be saved as the Gentiles, which I can only interpret as being through faith and grace. I believe Paul goes on in his letters to make the situation clearer. The early church wasn’t perfect, as we can readily see things as I pointed out; Peter being corrected quite dynamically by Paul, Peter hiding from James’ men, fearful of their reactions, Peter being corrected by the Lord in a vision, etc…
Also, of Paul says he became like one under the Law, became as a Jew to the Jewish people…then he apparently didn’t see himself, in Christ, as being Jewish in the same way he would have been outside of Christ and doesn’t see himself as being under the Law, or he would have simply said he became like one without the Law to the Gentiles; he did both. To me that hints that being in Christ is a totally different ballgame.
I agree with Geoff, in that, one is free to follow Torah if done in freedom and faith; I have no problem with that, be the person Jew or Gentile, and I do not support the idea that Jewish believers give up being Jewish, or must give up Torah. My focus is on the splitting of Believers. I can’t support a position that again, religiously urges believers to split off from one another. If a believer, be they Jewish or Gentile, feels drawn by the Holy Spirit to live amongst a certain group of people, I’m all for that.
Grace and Peace,
Kliska
TheChristianScribbler.com
Kliska:
You said, “I believe certain things happened as they did in Acts because of James’ leadership of the church in Jerusalem…but, I quoted Peter himself saying that the Law was a burden they were not able to bear.”
I encourage you to think more carefully about these issues. You speak as though you have certainty about them. I think you have barely researched or thought them through.
Think of the problems with what you are saying as I cited above. You are saying that James made a mistake in his ruling at the Jerusalem council (Acts 15). That reminds me of F.C. Bauer, whom you would not agree with, who said that the Pauline and Jamesian wings of the early church were in conflict with each other.
If James could make such a mistake (neglecting to realize that Jews are allegedly free from the Torah), then why trust anything he says about the issue of Gentiles? Are you so committed to your paradigm of a law-free gospel that you would cast doubt on apostles?
I know I’m being hard on you. And I appreciate your patience and good will. But please realize that we should not be hasty to “solve” these issues of New Testament theology.
My Paul Didn’t Eat Pork book covers a lot of this ground.
Derek
Derek, I’m sorry if you feel that I haven’t studied this, prayed about this, and researched it in depth…there won’t be anything I can really say to convince you otherwise, though I have looked at it seriously. I don’t claim certainty for much in this life, as I’m just as flawed as everyone else, all I can do is read, pray, and study and hang my faith on Christ. And I really do enjoy reading and studying different perspectives and am open to changing my mind if lead.
I think you hurry too fast past my other points. The early church did have disputes…so much so that you do see Peter hiding from James’ men (Peter was living as a Gentile, when around gentiles (see Galatians 2) and Paul says later that he does the same, 1 Corinthians 9), and Paul having to step in. You also see what is required for righteousness, and Paul clearly outlining the role and limits of the law, and one can’t miss Paul’s anger and fervency in the Galatians letter about some of this.
James and Paul do concentrate on different issues, and I can reconcile them through Christ’s words in the Gospel accounts. The ruling in Acts 15 pertained to what they were instructing the Gentiles to be mindful of, not the Jewish believers, and Peter is careful to point out that Jewish believers are saved and made righteous in exactly the same way as the gentile believers are; grace and faith.
As I said, I believe anyone is free to follow Torah as they feel lead by the Spirit, I would never council anyone to go against that leading. And, I don’t believe in a law free gospel; we are to operate under the law of faith…which will lead us to following the spirit of the Law. Again, I understand where you are coming from, but I have indeed studied this, even from other Messianic believers, and there are a vast number of opinions on this very topic.
Grace and Peace,
Kliska
TheChristianScribbler.com
I see a debate in Acts 15, but I don’t see them fleshing out whether the Mosaic covenant still applied to Jewish believers. Right before Paul was to address it, he was hauled off to jail.
I think Romans 14 is pretty explicit in that we have freedom in these matters. And Hebrews and Galatians are pretty clear as well about the relationship between the Old and New covenants.
Geoff:
My point is that if the apostles meant to say, “All Yeshua-followers are free from Torah obligation,” they missed their big chance in Acts 15.
Acts 15 makes no sense if Torah is obsolete. If Torah is obsolete, then the apostles are asking the wrong question. It should not be, “Should we make these Gentiles live the way we do?” The question should be, “Do we need Torah anymore?”
Acts 15 assumes Torah-faithfulness for Jewish believers and debates the case for Gentiles. Acts 21:21 and 24 make the Jewish case clear.
Derek
I was hoping, if I haven’t worn out my welcome, that I could ask a question that pertains to what we are discussing. How does a Messianic believer that follows, and feels obligated to follow Torah, and still tries to abide by all its mandates choose which parts are still in effect? Jesus, Peter, Paul, etc… touch on some things that they teach have shifted (they touch upon cleanliness laws, eye for an eye, murder, adultery, Sabbath, etc…)
Also, I don’t see anyone being stoned for specific law breaking as laid out in the Old Testament. Obviously the animal sacrifices are not being performed. The question I’m getting at is that there are changes, so how does one decide what is an obligation and what isn’t? If you’ve tackled this question before in a different post on your blog, or if there is a website that addresses it, you can point me in that direction as well. I do appreciate your time.
Kliska
PS, there was not supposed to be a smiley in the post above…I love it when that happens… :)
Grace and Peace,
Kliska
My review of the chapter in “Limits of Orthodox Theology” is up on goyforjesus.blogspot.com
The problem is idolatry. Non-Messianic Jews claim believing in Jesus is idolatry. Yet, they long ago forgot what idolatry is. They can see as clear as day the Cathlic saints are idols. And so can most Protestants. Yet, the Protestants idolize human “Founder” after founder in the place of the God who causes men to stand so strong as to humanity. Messianic Judaism has chosen to embrace Yeshua once again. And Judaism. Both of those things are right to do. But embracing sages who never accepted Messiah, who openly, knowingly, highly educatedly denounced the Messiah is nothing less than embracing the idols non-Messianic Judaism created for itself exactly because it was not following the one God gave to them, to follow. Blaming Christianity for having gone astray, what is their excuse for not leading right? And now that it is not do all death defying for Messianic men to lead, why is all this idolizing of Rashi etc still a problem. God will judge. “As for me and my house…”
jarinker:
The problem with your comment, first of all, is that you have a strange definition of idol. It seems your definition is any respected teacher. Thus, none of us should read commentators and teachers but only the Bible directly? If that is not what you mean, please advise.
But be aware that you have a problem of self-contradiction. As much as you might like to think that your way of practicing the faith is pure and traditionless, I assure you it is not.
An idol is anything that supplants God or an image used to worship God. Teachers and traditions do not fit the definition of idol.
Derek
Pingback: “Post-missionary Messianic Judaism”: Liberation theology in disguise? « The Rosh Pina Project
ב״ה
Derek,
I fully agree with all of the points of this book as you have summarized them. I’m a shaliach in a 3rd world country and my study time is quite tightly managed. Do you recommend I buy and study this work understanding that this is time I will need to reduce my learning in the areas the author espouses? Thank you for your blog,
-JeremiahGermany on Sunday said it is ready to cooperate with Bangladesh, particularly in the areas of climate change and energy sector.
Newly-appointed German Ambassador to Bangladesh Achim Troester said this when he paid a courtesy call on Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina at her official residence Ganobhaban, reports UNB.
After the meeting, Prime Minister's Press Secretary Ihsanul Karim briefed reporters.
The German envoy mentioned that the two countries are passing 50 years of their diplomatic ties and their bilateral relations are excellent.
Achim Troester appreciated Bangladesh's overall development and the Bangladesh government's mechanisms to tackle the Covid-19 situation successfully.
The death rate is relatively lower compared to many other countries, he said.
In reply, the Prime Minister highlighted various measures taken by her government to check the Corona pandemic and said some 60 million people have so far been vaccinated in Bangladesh with single and double doses together.
On the climate change issue, Hasina said Bangladesh has started the adaptation and mitigation programme with its own resources.
Recalling with gratitude Germany's cooperation during Bangladesh's Liberation War in 1971, she said many German families adopted "war babies" after the Liberation War.
Ambassador-at-Large Mohammad Ziauddin and Principal Secretary Dr Ahmad Kaikaus were present.Massage Types
What's Your Massage Type?
Willow Massage + Spa offers a wide range of massage modalities (types). There really is a massage for everyone and all services are customized to your unique needs. And don't forget Elevations — little extras that make your experience even better. Browse our selection of massage styles to select the one that's right for you. If you're not sure, talk with our customer service team or your licensed massage therapist for a recommendation.
Types of Massage
Customized Massage
Our skilled therapists will listen to your specific needs and incorporate techniques to help you relax and relieve pain. Please communicate your goals with your therapist.
Couples Massage
Share your relaxing massage experience with a friend or loved one in our couples suite. Learn more about the benefits of a couple's massage here.
Craniosacral
Craniosacral therapy is a light, non-intrusive form of bodywork that addresses the bones of the head and spinal column. The goal is to release compression in those areas which alleviates stress and pain. Great for people who suffer from headaches, neck pain or who spend long hours in front of a computer.
Deep Tissue. It is recommended that the “hot stone enhancement” be added to this session for maximum release of tight muscles.
Full Body Hot Stone Massage
This massage is performed using heated basalt stones. The heat from the stones is transferred to the body and warms the tissue to allow ease of muscle movement. This type of massage is fabulous for clients seeking a deeply relaxing massage or clients who want to relax on a higher level. Cold stones can be added to this session for a truly unique experience!
Lomi Lomi Massage
The Lomi Lomi massage is a traditional Hawaiian massage therapy that takes you to a state of relaxation and stillness that frees your mind from blockage and stabilizes the mind. A cleansing process also takes place, releasing toxins, cleaning up the body, releasing body tension, healing pain and boosting the immune system. Using long flowing strokes and coconut oil with minimal draping. Learn more about Lomi Lomi massage here.
Lymphatic Massage
Lymphatic Massage is a gentle, light & rhythmic movement. Each stroke slightly moves the skin in the direction of the Lymphatic flow to encourage the drainage of fluid and waste. Stimulating the lymphatic system to promote the removal of bodily toxins, and help promote a healthy immune system.
Medium Pressure
Strong, moderately firm strokes often intended to mobilize restricted soft tissues. Can be applied full body or used locally for specific pain and restricted range of motion issues, or what clients often refer to as knots. The therapist may integrate long and short strokes while using this pressure. The sugar scrub enhancement really completes the session and leaves you feeling pampered!
Neuromuscular and Trigger Point Therapies
Specifically applied to trigger points in the body, or what clients often call knots. Sometimes the points are tender and highly sensitive which might require a lighter touch. Other times, they best respond to deep sustained pressure. Trigger points classically refer pain to areas that might be further away than one can imagine. Exploration is indicated, but when the source is found and the therapy applied, the release and pain reduction can be significant. This is great for those who suffer chronic pain in specific areas. Learn more about the benefits of neuromuscular massage here.
Prenatal
As a women’s body expands and changes the muscles are pulled and stretched and may cause pain or discomfort, along with postural distortion and fatigue. A prenatal massage can assist in reducing some of these distresses. Prenatal massage is performed with the client in a side lying position surrounded by pillows to help support both mother and fetus. It can be a purely relaxing massage or a session concentrating on specific issues. Please note – prenatal massages can only be performed AFTER the first trimester.
Raindrop Technique® Massage
A combination of massage techniques incorporating therapeutic grade essential oils. Learn more about the Raindrop Technique® Massage.
Swedish Relaxation Massage
Long, rather light and broad strokes (effleurage and petrissage). If you are looking for total relaxation, then this is the massage for you!
Sport
This type of massage is meant to help prevent sports injuries, relieve swelling, fatigue and muscle tension. It is a great addition to training, or any level of exercise to assist muscle tissue in getting back to a neutral state. Many clients report less soreness and improved range, fewer injuries. It can be (and is recommended) to be performed before, during, and after athletic events, and for those who exercise frequently. This massage also consists of the therapist assisting you in stretching during your massage session. It is recommended that the “cold enhancement” be added to this session.
Thai Foot Massage
A Thai massage usually lasts for roughly 1 hour. During the treatment your therapist will massage your feet and lower legs, using a special wooden dowel to apply pressure to specific reflex points. Applying pressure in this way helps to stimulate the flow of energy and encourage the body’s natural healing process. Turn this 60 minute session into a 90 minute for extra time for spot specific work on neck, shoulders and back.New in Book of Dead Slot? Book of Dead Slot is one of the most popular online bet games worldwide. The book of dead slot is easy to understand. With some exciting gameplay, great topics, genius sound, and chances to win a big jackpot, the game can be an exciting leisure activity for you. If you want to indulge yourself in this vast gameplay world, then read these tips below.
Start With Basics Only
If you are new to online slot games, you should always start with the basic game. Make yourselffamiliarized with the basic level game and then go to the advanced level. Take enough Tim
e to learn the game rather than jumping to win a massive jackpot.
Keep The Bet Low
When playing book of dead slot online, don’t play games. One thing you must remember is not to lose your mind. Most of the players start their game and win. After that, they keep a higher price bet and end up losing everything. It would help if you were not like this. So, make sure to keep your bet price always low.
Try More
The book of the dead don’t game is free from anything misleading and unfair. So, it would help if you took advantage of it. If you are a newcomer in the game of book or a dead slot, you should always remember that a higher price does not always give you more reward, but the play camp times you play can give you more money. The more you will play, the more you will have a chance of winning the game.
Practice With Free Games
This is one of the best strategies to win a dead slot book. Before you try the slots for winning real money, you will get an option for trying free slots. This is not only fun but. It allows you to know about the secrets and tricks of the game. It would be better If you choose slots for bonus rounds. The more experience you will grow by playing free games, the more chances you will win the game.
Check The Pay Table
Each online slot has its paytable and variations. It is a letter to do your research before placing the bet in that case. These variations can make a significant difference in the bankroll. Before you start to play, know the details like a review of the slot game, slot features, etc. It widens the chance of winning.
Know When ToStop
It would help if you never waited for the jackpot in book of dead slot before you stop, as it may dry out your bankroll before you quit. Always use the right strategy when betting. Not all bets end up with massive winning. So, you should know where to stop and what is a safe place for you. If you feel that the side is going against you, you should immediately place your bets from t.
Conclusion
Online slot games de-stress anyone and are the best way to kill boredom. In that case, if you are not careful, you will surely end up losing money and wasting time. Regardless, a loss in the book of dead slot can ruin your entire day or night. Follow the above tips and win the match. So, be slow and steady as ‘ Slow and steady Wins The Race.’As college administrators deliberate the risks of resuming classes in person, one thing is certain: The abrupt shift to remote teaching last spring has forced a reckoning over the future of higher education in the United States.
For one thing, many residential universities are now in the uncomfortable position of arguing that online learning is functionally equivalent to the in-person campus experience, says Mitchell Stevens, an associate professor at Stanford Graduate School of Education (GSE).
“The presumption that face-to-face instruction is always superior to digitally mediated forms is not going to be sustainable, regardless of when the pandemic ends,” he says on this episode of School’s In, hosted by GSE Dean Dan Schwartz and Senior Lecturer Denise Pope.
The crisis hastened a transition that was already in progress, says Stevens, a sociologist and author whose books include Remaking College: The Changing Ecology of Higher Education. He also coauthored a recent op-ed in the New York Times exploring the effects of the pandemic on higher education.
Students who attend residential universities find much of the value of that time in the full-tilt, wraparound, 24/7 experience, Stevens says. But “only about a third of conventional-age undergraduates experience that kind of academic life world,” he says. “And the reason it’s only a third is because that mode of delivery is just spectacularly expensive.”
The pandemic has pushed colleges to contemplate just how much and under what conditions physical co-presence is worth the cost, Stevens says. “There's no question that the major cost center of higher education in the United States is what is entailed in having a bunch of people in the same place at the same time for extended stretches of the academic calendar.”
Whether that experience is sustainable for colleges—and for students and their families—was questionable before the pandemic and more so now, says Stevens.
“It’s a very hard thing for educators and parents to reckon with. And it will have far-reaching consequences for how we think about the value of higher education going forward.”
You can listen to School's In on SiriusXM, Apple Podcasts, Google Podcasts, Spotify, Stitcher and Soundcloud.Description
A comfortable and soft outfit with the Stranger Things hoodie Friends don’t lie
Frustrated at not being able to see Mike when Jim hopper promises she’ll be able to see him in a little while, Eleven says her famous phrase “Friends don’t lie”! This splendid Stranger Things hoodie Friends don’t lie will remember you this poignant moment in the season 2.
-.We finally went to go see Mickey at Disneyland.
Vacations
Laura and Chris
Laura and Chris got married over the holiday weekend. It was beautiful ceremony and a fun wedding. Samantha did a wonderful job being a flower girl..
San Diego Trip
On a recent trip to California we spent one of our days at Sea World. We also visited the San Diego Zoo and Wild Animal Park. For the most part everyone had a good time and got some sun while our families got snowed on.
Little Girls Dream
We had a lot of fun on vaction. We played on beaches, seen race cars but most of all the girls got to meet all their favoriate princess when we had breakfast in Cinderella’s castle. […] […]
5 year anniversary
Patrick […]Musician, technology consultant, vinyl record lover.
Working to connect the dots with clear writing, digital coaching and the singular bass note.
My name is Drew Miller. Since the age of 3 I have been fascinated by records… black vinyl spinny things. My grandparents bought me my first record player at that age, despite my parents being convinced that I would break it and every record in sight.
I didn’t.
High school in the mid-1970s, I had my first chance to program a computer. 110 baud teletype dialup, writing in BASIC, saving programs on punched paper tape. A couple years later, I had an internship with NASA — punch cards in assembly language for an X-Ray astronomy satellite.
During a year off from college, I lived in Phoenix AZ for a while. There I found a shiny red Hagstrom bass guitar in a pawn shop. Since then I’ve been searching for the perfect bass note.
After college, I picked up a contract technical writing job documenting a typesetting system. I didn’t know a pica from a point, but after interviewing a number of typographers, I fell in love with type and design. Hundreds of projects later, I still enjoy tweaking and polishing a print layout, especially when it’s related to music and I can edit the text.
In 1983 I started a band called Boiled In Lead which has toured the world, released a number of albums, and continues to this day, taking traditional music from various parts of the world and giving it a strong kick up the butt.
Omnium Records began in 1991 to release BiL’s music, and other “world music that rocks.” I also worked for a time with ESD and NorthSide records, doing everything from keeping the computers running and royalty accounting, to “graphic remixes” of albums released in Europe for the American market.
Having already had the best job in the world, when ESD/NorthSide downsized itself in 2002, I went into CD manufacturing and technology consulting, as well as selling vinyl on the internet.
In 2016, I heeded the call of record retail, joining a small record store co-op in White Bear Lake. A couple years later, after developing a website for a realtor, found a new house and moved “up da lake” to be closer to the store. As the 2020s open, I’m still taking on projects for a number of clients, playing bass, more and more spinning, buying and selling those shiny flat black discs.
Here at OmniumDesign.com you’ll see a portfolio of projects I’ve worked on, hear new music, and find out about stuff I like. Thanks for reading.Superyacht in Focus: Mi Sueño
The stunning 58m Trinity superyacht Mi Sueño made a big impression at the 2013 Fort Lauderdale Boat Show. Available for charter with IYC and sale with Worth Avenue Yachts, we stepped on board during the show to take a closer look into what makes her the ideal candidate for the charter market.
Designed and built by the respected American shipyard Trinity, Mi Sueño is a striking, all-aluminium, semi-displacement yacht with a real sense of style and luxury. wheelchair access.
Following her beautiful spiral staircase brings you to her Skylounge, acting as a relaxed and open socialising space for all guests, including comfortable chairs and sof on board, providing seven staterooms for the Owner and their guests alongside a Sky Lounge effortlessly combines class, elegance, and comfort alongside high-quality construction and all the ideal elements needed for any potential owner or the perfect charter experience.If you want to learn more, then please keep reading, and you won't be disappointed.
We already have our first value 75 and the second value 66. Let's assume the unknown value is Y which answer we will find out.
As we have all the required values we need, Now we can put them in a simple mathematical formula as below:
STEP 1
Y = 75/100
STEP 2
Y = 75/100 × 66
STEP 3
Y = 75 ÷ 100 × 66
STEP 4
Y = 49.5
Finally, we have found the value of Y which is 49.5 and that is our answer.
If you want to use a calculator to know what is 75 percent of 66, simply enter 75 ÷ 100 × 66 and you will get your answer which is 49.5
Here is a calculator to solve percentage calculations such as what is 75% of 66. You can solve this type of calculation with your values by entering them into the calculator's fields, and click 'Calculate' to get the result and explanation.
Question: At a high school 75 percent of seniors went on a mission trip. There were 66 seniors. How many seniors went on the trip?
Answer: 49.5 seniors went on the trip.
Question: 75 percent of the children in kindergarten like Thomas the Train. If there are 66 kids in kindergarten, how many of them like Thomas?
Answer: 49.5 kids like Thomas the Train.
Step 1: Let's solve the equation for Y by first rewriting it as: 100% / 66 = 75% / Y
Step 2: Drop the percentage marks to simplify your calculations: 100 / 66 = 75 / Y
Step 3: Multiply both sides by Y to transfer it on the left side of the equation: Y ( 100 / 66 ) = 75
Step 4: To isolate Y, multiply both sides by 66 / 100, we will have: Y = 75 ( 66 / 100 )
Step 5: Computing the right side, we get: Y = 49.5
This leaves us with our final answer: 75% of 66 is 49.5Welcome to my Sweet Bee Tablescape! -YOU ARE HERE
Buzzing About ⚜ Hyacinth for the Soul
Bee French Country Tablescape for Entertaining ⚜ My Hubbard Home
Bees & Sunflowers Tablescape ⚜ Life & Linda
Bee Table for Two ⚜ Zucchini Sisters
I hope you enjoyed all of our BEE-utiful Tables!!
Ann, I love your color palette of gray, white and yellow! I’ve long admired those Sur la Table bee plates and your placemats tie your table together bee-utifully. I always enjoy seeing your sweet coordinating party favors you’ve ‘stamped up’! The Rae Dunn honey pot is adorable and I love that the busy bee and honey bee mugs interiors are yellow. :) As always it’s a treat to join you at the table and hop with you! Happy Wednesday ♥
Very cleverly done with your die cut, Ann. I love how you get so creative with your Stampin' Up, a trademark of yours. I am drawn to this grey, yellow and white color scheme and have used it in my seasonal home decor before, including the salad plates, which I also love. Your Rae Dunn items make for nice accents to an already attractive table. Well done! The flower bouquet is elevated with that adorable honeycomb pot they're in. Well done, as always. I'm happy to be bee-side you in this tablescaping fun!
Bee still my heart Ann --- I love your charming bee theme table. I can appreciate how those pretty placemats inspired the unique gray and yellow color scheme. Such a bee-utiful plate stack. I've searched for years for those fabulous yellow top plates to no avail! And, to think you found them on sale too. Always look forward to your Stampin' Up table favors and embellishments. Especially like the napkin rings with the embossed texture. Thank you for sharing your table styling and crafting talents on the hop today. I'm all abuzz!
Ann, I've been absorbing the color combo of yellow, white and gray this summer, and love how you used all three on your table. The hint of mauve/pink adds a nice pop of intrigue to the setting. Also love those place matts, with the deep mustard yellow plates!
It's always fun joining up with you on these hops.
RR
Such a pretty table Ann. I always look forward to see your tables. The placemats are so pretty and a great color. Such sweet Rae Dunn accessories. They are so fun. The flowers looks lovely in the honey comb pot. I have those bee plates in the dinner plate size. Naturally you created darling little party favors. Such a joy to see these colors together. A pleasure hopping with you Ann. Happy Wednesday.
Ann, your bee pieces are making my heart buzz with excitement. I love all things bee, and your plates are absolutely wonderful. I would use them frequently as well. I think your flowers are perfect for this table. The honeycomb crock is a great piece for flowers. I'm impressed with your clever napkin rings and cute boxes. I always like a take away treat for guests. Yours are a delight. Thanks for all the inspiration.
I love the honeycomb texture of those Sur La Table bee plates!
Hush UP!!!!! What a great idea on your napkin rings! They turned out so cool!!!!!! Very artistic! That was thinking WAY outside the box and a perfect example of necessity being the Mother of Invention!!!!!! I am thoroughly impressed with your creativity there!!!! As for your flowers, I think the mix of colors makes the whole table stand out whereas all yellow may have gotten overlooked with all the other elements of that singular color on the table. And bees gravitate toward ALL KINDS of flowers, so the one you chose are perfect! Again...Mother of Invention there! Beautiful tablescape!!!!!!!! Have a peaceful weekend!
Such a lovely table, Ann! The grey buffalo check tablecloth is the perfect backdrop for the vibrant pops of yellow. I love the plate stack...the Sur La Table bee plates are a show stopper! Your centerpiece is so pretty in the yellow crock and definitely doesn't look like supermarket flowers. I almost bought some Rae Dunn pieces for this hop, too. I love the ones you chose and how they tie in with your theme. I always enjoy seeing the Stampin' Up favors that you create. They add so much personality to your tables. It was fun to hop with you again!Telangana History Visalandhra Movement Andhra Pradesh – 1956
Contents
Visalandhra Movement
Andhras hoped ttiat their dream of Visalandra would be .realised since the people of Hyderabad state were Unanimous for the trifurcation of their state. Further Andhras thought that all the out lying Telugu areas in Mysore, Orissa, Tamilnadu and Madhyapradesh would be incorporated in Visalandhra. In fact this movement was not formed after the formation of Andhra State. It started as early as the beginning of the 20th century The Communists propagated the idea of ‘Visalandhra’ from 1946. A daily news paper called ‘Visalandra’ was started by the Communists in June 1952. Communist leader Puchchalapalli Sundaraiah wrote a book called ‘Visalandhralo Prajarajyam’.
Visalandhra mahasabha (1949)
After the completion of police action in Hyderabad state, the demand for Visalandhra gained ground in circar districts. In November 1949, A. Kaleswara Rao formed the Visalandhra Mahasabha at Vijayawada. Slowly the demand for Visalandhra gained acceptence in Telangana also. After the appointment of SRC, the demand for Visalandhra received a big boost. The protagonists of separate Telangana also intensified their efforts. K.V. Ranga Reddy and his nephew M. Chenna’ Reddy, though originally favoured Visalandhra, changed their stand and became very articulate in their support for separate Telangana.
The SRC submitted its report on 30 September 1955. It recommended the disintegration of Hyderabad state and formation of a Visalandhra sate including Telangana. It also favoured the for¬mation of a separate Telangana state meanwhile. In 1950 and in 1954 two conferences of the Visalandhra Mahasabha were held at Warangal and Hyderabad respectively and demanded the formation of Visalandhra state with Hyderabad as its capital.
In the 1950 meeting of Hyderabad state Congress and 1953 conference of AICC, resolutions were moved for the disintegration of the Hyderabad state and the merger of Telugu, Kannada and Maharashtra districts into their respective provinces. This strengthened the demand for Visalandhra. In the 1952 elections, though Communists won more slats in Telangana, the Congress had gotten majority and Burgula Ramakrishna Rao became the chief minister.
The SRC report favouring the creation of Telangana led to intensive lobbying by both the advocates of Telangana and Visalandhra. The com-munists wanted to resign and contest again Some Telangana Congress men hailed the recommenda¬tion. But a majority of the Congress legislators from Telangana and 7 out of ten district Congress committees supported Visalandhra. In the Hyderabad legislative assembly, the issue was raised. In the 174 member house, 147 members expressed their views. Of this 103 members supported Visalandhra and only 29 wanted a separate Telangana and 15 remained neutral. In Andhra almost all leaders favoured Visalandhra. The recommendations of the SRC were not well received by the public of India. Finally the congress High command accepted the demand for Visalandhra. The hardcore Telangana protagonists like K.V. Ranga Reddy and Marri chennareddy however stuck to their demand for a separate Telangana.
Gentlemen’s Agreement
In order to prevent misunderstandings between the two regions of Andhra and Telangana, the Congress high command arranged a meeting of the leaders of the regions at Delhi on 20 February, 1956. Andhra was represented by B.Gopalareddy (CM of Andhra state), N.Sanjeevareddy, G.Lachchanna, A.Sathanarayana Raju (President of AICC). Telangana was represented by Burgula Ramakrishna Rao (CM of Hyderabad state), K.V. Rangareddy, Marri Chenna Reddy and J.V. Narasingarao. The meeting resulted in an agreement over the formation of Visalandhra by providing certain safeguards to Telangana. All the eight participants signed an accord. This agreement is popularly known as the Gentlemen Agreement .
Terms of the agreement
1. The expenditure on the administration of the state should be borne proportionately by the regions and the balance of income from Telangana should be reserved for the develop¬ment of the region. The arrangement will be reviewed after 5 years and can be continued.
2. Existing educational facilities in Telangana should be’secured to the students of Telangana and further improved. Admission in technical institutions in Telangana to be restricted to Telangana students or they should have l/3rd seats in the whole of state, which ever is more favourable to Telangana.
3. Retrenchment in services should be proportion¬ate from both regions if it became inevitable due to integration.
4. Some kind of domicile rules, eg: residence for 12 years should be provided in order to assure the prescribed proportion to recruitment of services from Telangana areas. (This is called as the Mulki).
5. The position of Urdu in the administration and Judicial structure existing in Telangana may continue for 5 years when the Regional council will review the position.
6. Sale of agricultural land in Telangana area to be controlled by the Regional council. A Regional council, with 20 members (9 members from MLAs, one each of each district, 6 mem¬bers of the Assembly or Parliament from Telangana and members from outside) to be set up for Telangana for its all round development.
7. The Regional council will be a statutary body empowered to deal with and decide about -matters of planning and development of Telangana area. Unless revised, this agreement will be reviewed at the end of 10 years.
8. Cabinet ministers should be in proportion to 60: 40. Out of Telangana ministers one will be a Muslim.
9. If the chief minister is from Andhra, Deputy chief minister should be from Telangana and vice versa.
10. Two out of the following five portfolios should go to Telangana 1. Home, 2. Finance, 3. Revenue, 4. Planning and Development and 5. Commerce and Industry.
From the above agreement, it will be seen that the Andhra leaders went more than half way to meet the genuine demands of Telangana people. The government of India gave statutary support to the provisions of the Agreement and the draft bill named the new state as ’Andhra Telangana. When objections arose, it was amended as ’Andhra Pradesh’. On November 1, 1956, the new state was inaugurated by Nehru. Neelam Sanjeevareddy became the first chief minister, K.V. Ranga reddy the first deputy chief minister and C.M.Trivedi the first governor.
Bit Bank
★ When did the Hyderabad state got independence? – 17th September, 1948
★ Who expressed his wish about the united Andhra State at first? Konda Venkatappayya
★ Who wrote the book titled ‘Andhra Rashtram’ – Konda Venkatappayya
★ Which parties announced that the Andhra state with Telangana must be formed? – Andhra Congress and Swarajya Party
★In which year, ‘Andhrabhudaya Celebrations’ were held in Andhra University? ■ 1937
★ In which year, Karnataka unification conference requested to form united Karnataka state? –1947
★ The year in which All Malayalis conference was held? – 1947
★ Under whose chairmanship Kerala pradesh congress society requested to form united kerala state? – Kelappan
★ The commission appointed by Indian Government to examine the formation of linguistic states and the administration problems raised because of that type of formation? – Dhar Commission
★ Dhar Commission was appointed on – 17th June, 1948
★ Who was the chairman of Dhar commission? – S.K.Dhar
★ The members of Dhar commission?-Dr. Pannalal, Jagat Narayanlal, B.C.Bhanjar ‘
★ When did Dhar Commission submitted its report? – 10th December, 1948
★ Which commission stated in its report that the linguistic states were detrimental to the welfare of the country and only on the basis of administrative facility, the states must be re-organised in future: – Dhar Commission
★ In the year 1920, which congress meeting formed the stable congress societies on the basis of languages? – Nagpur congress meeting argued in favour of linguistic states in the year 1927? – Indian statutary commission
★ In which year Gandhiji, wrote a letter to Kaleswararao about his willingness to linguistic state? –1938
★ The famous communist leader who created the idea of Visalandhra for the first time? – Puchchalapalli Sundaraiah
★ In which year Puchalapalli Sundaraiah made a beginning for Visalandhra movement? –1946
★ The daily paper of communist party – Visalandhra
★ The author of a book called Visalandhra lo Prajarajyam’ – Puchchalapalli Sundaraiah
★ ‘Visalandhralo Prajarajyam’ published in the year? –1944
★ The party which started “Visalandhra” paper – Communist party
★ Who organised the Visalandhra Mahasabha on 26th November 1949? – Ayyadevara Kaleswara Rao
★ Visalandhra Mahasabha established at – Vijayawada
★ First Visalandhra Mahasabha held in the year –1950
★ First Visalandhra Mahasabha held at – Warangal
★ Under whose chairmanship first Visalandhra Mahasabha held? – T.Hayagreevachari
★ Who said that ‘Formation of Visalandhra is a birth right to all Andhras’ in the first Visalandhra meeting? – Tanguturi Prakasam Pantulu
★ Who opposed Visalandhra movement? – Marri Chenna Reddy and K.V.Ranga Reddy
★ Visalandhra Mahasabha first annual function held in the year – 26th November, 1950
★ Who visited Hyderabad in 1949 and said ‘that it is good for Hyderabad state to stay as multilingual state ? – D.Rajagopala chari
★ Who criticised that ‘Visalandhra movement’ is nothing but imperialism Andhras’ in October 1953 ? – J.L.Nehru
★ General, elections held in the year. –1952
★ In the first general elections, which party won majority seats in Hyderabad state? – Telangana community party
★ Hyderabad corporation Deputy Mayor who sup-ported Visalandhra movement? – Mir Ahmad Ali Khan
★ The trade union leader who supported Visalandhra movement? – Maqdum Mohiyuddin
★ The papers which contributed to Visalandhra movement in Telangana? – Andhra Janata, Kakateeya and Telugudesam
★ Second Visalandhra meeting was held in the year –1954
★ Second Visalandhra meeting held at Hyderabad
★ Under whose chairmanship second Visalandhra meeting held? – Sri rangam Srinivasa Rao (Srisri)
★ In which. Visalandhra Mahasabha, separate Telangana argument was raised? – Second Visalandhra meeting
★ The first linguistic state in India? Andhra state
★ In which year state Re-organisation commission (S.R.C) was formed? – 22nd December, 1953
★ Who is the chairman for states Re-organisation commission? – Sayyad Fazl Ali
★ The members of states Re-organisation commission – H.N.Kunzru and K.M.Panikkar
★ States Re-organisation commission, submitted it’s report on: – 30th September, 1955
★ In which year States Re-organisation commission visited Hyderabad? –1954
★ Under whose leadership Visalandhra friendship (sauhards) representative group visited Andhra and Telangana regions also? Paga Pulla Reddy
★ Who opposed separate Telangana argument? – Communists
★ Under the auspices of communist first visalandhra conference held at – Secunderabad
★ The chairman of first communist Visalandhra conference? – Ravi Narayana Reddy
★ Second communist Visalandhra conference held at – Hyderabad exhibition grounds
★ The chairman of second communist Visalandhra conference? – Srisri
★ The chairman of reception committee for second communist Visalandhra conference – Baddam Eella Reddy
★ The chairman of third communist Visalandhra conference? – Ravi Narayana Reddy
★ Where the public meeting was arranged by the leaders of congress and communist who supports for Visalandhra? – Vivekavardhini grounds, Hyderabad
★ Between which regions Gentlemen Agreement was reached? – Andhra and Telangana
★ The year of Gentlemen Agreement – 20th February 1956
★ The place of Gentlemen Agreement – Hyderabad guest house
★ Where is the Hyderabad guest house? – Delhi
★ Telangana chief minister, who signed on Gentlemen Agreement? – Burgula Ramakrishna Rao
★ The chairman of Hyderabad state congress committee who signed on Gentlemen Agreement? – J.V. Narsinga Rao
★ supporters of separate Telangana who signed on Gentlemen Agreement – K.V. Ranga Reddy and Marri Chenna Reddy
★ The Chief minister of Andhra area, who signed on Gentlemen Agreement? – Bejawada Gopala Reddy
★ The deputy chief minister of Andhra area, who signed on Gentlemen Agreement? – Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy
★ Congress president of Andhra state who signed on Gentlemen Agreement – Alluri Satyanarayana
★ Minister of Andhra state who signed on Gentlemen Agreement? – Gowtu Lachchanna
★ Total number of persons who signed on Gentlemen Agreement? – 8 members
★ All the people who signed on Gentlemen Agreement belongs to which party? – Congress party
★ Formation day of Andhra Pradesh – 1st November, 1956 First Governor of Andhra Pradesh C.M.Trivedi
★ First chief-minister of Andhra Pradesh • Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy
★ First deputy chief-minister of Andhra Pradesh? – K.V.Ranga Reddy
★ The capital of Andhra Pradesh when it formed? – Hyderabad
★ The committee which indicated the name of Andhra Pradesh while joining both the regions of Andhra and Telangana? – Select committee
Objective Bits
1. When did Hyderabad state got independ¬ence?
1. 17th September, 1947
2. 17th September, 1948
3. 17th September, 1949
4. 17th September, 1959
Ans.2
2. Who wrote the book called ‘Andhra Rashtram’? .
1. Konda Venkatappayya
2. Konda Venkata Reddy
3. Swami Ramananda Tirtha
4. Puchalapalli Sundaraiah
Ans.1
3. In which year, Andhrabhyudaya celebra¬tions held in Andhra University ?
1. 1934 2. 1936
3. 1937 4. 1938
Ans.3
4. In which year, All Malayalis conference was held?
1. 1947 2. 1948
3. 1949 4. 1947
Ans.1
5. In which year kamataka unification con¬ference resolved to form the state of kar¬nataka?
1. 1950 2. 1945
3. 1949 4. 1947
Ans.4
6. Dhar commission was appointed in the year:
1. 17th June, 1949 . 2. 17th June, 1948
3. 17th June, 1950
4. 17th September, 1948
Ans.2
7. The chairman of Dhar commission?
1. S.KDhar
2. Fazl Ali
3. Jayaprakash Narayan
4. C.Rajagopala Chari
Ans.1
8. The members of Dhar commission?
1. Pannalal
2. Jagati Narayana lal ,
3. B.C.Bhanjar
4. All the above ‘
Ans.4
9. Dhar Commission submitted its report on:
1. 10th December, 1947
2. 10th November, 1948
3. 10th December, 1948
4. 10th January, 1948
Ans.3
10. Who wrote a letter to Ayyadevara Kaleswara Rao mentioning that he is infavour of linguistic states in 1938?
1. Gandhi
2. Nehru
3. Patel
4. Subhash Chandra Bose
Ans.1
11 The famous communist leader who created the idea of Visalandhra for the first time?
1. Ravi Narayana Reddy
2. Baddam Yella Reddy
3. Puchchalapalli Sundaraiah
4. N.G. Ranga
Ans.3
12. In which year, Puchchalapalli Sunda raiah made a beginning to Visalandhra move¬ment?
1. 1942 2. 1946
3. 1950 4. 1948 ‘
Ans.2
13. Who organised Visalandhra daily ?
1. Congress people of Andhra
2. Socialists
3. Congress
4. Communists
Ans.4
14 The name of the book written by Puchalapalli Sundaraiah?
1. Visalandhralo Prajarajyam
2. Visalandhralo Communist Charitra 3.. Visalandhralo Congress Charitra 4. Visalandhra
Ans.1
15. The book ‘Visalandhralo Prajarajyam’ published in the year?
1. 1946 2. 1943
3.1944 4.1945
Ans.3
16. Ayyadevara Kaleswara Rao organised Visalandhra Mahasabha on:
1. 26th November, 1948
2. 26th November, 1949
3. 26th November, 1947
4. 26th November, 1950
Ans.2
17. Visalandhra Mahasabha organised at:
1. Kakinada
2. Tirupathi
3. Vijayawada
4. Visakhapatnam
Ans.3
18. First Visalandhra conference was held in the year:
1. 1950 2. 1951
3. 1949 4. 1948
Ans.1
19. First Visalandhra conference held at:
1. Vijayawada
2. Nizamabad
3. Khammarn
4. Warangal
Ans.4
20. The chairman of first Visalandhra confer¬ence
1. Suravaram Pratapa Reddy
2. T. Hayagreeva Chari
3. Swami Ramananda Tirtha
4. K.V. Ranga Reddy
Ans.2
21. Who visited Hyderabad in the year 1949 and said that ‘it is better for Hyderabad state to stay as multilingual state’?
1. Patel
2. Nehru
3. C.Rajagopala Chari
4. J.B.Kripalani
Ans.3
22. Who criticised that ‘Visalandhra move¬ment is nothing but imperialism of Andhras in October 1953?
1. J.L.Nehru
2. C.Rajagopala chari
3. KV.Ranga Reddy
4. M.Chenna Reddy
Ans.1
23. The deputy mayor of Hyderabad corpora¬tion who supported Visalandhra move¬ment:
1. Makhdun Mohiyuddin
2. Mir Ahmed Ali Khan
3. Mahmad Shah
4. Akbar Hyderi
Ans.2
24. Second Visalandhra conference was held in the year:
1. 1951 2. 1952
3.1953 4.1954
Ans.4
25. Second visalandhra conference held at:
1. Warangal
2. Hyderabad
3. Nizamabad
4. Hanumakonda •
Ans.2
26. States Re-organisation commission (S.R.C) was established on:
1. 22nd November, 1953
2. 22nd December, 1953
3. 22nd December, 1952
4. 22nd November, 1952
Ans.2
27. The chairman of states Re-organisation commission?
1. Sayyed Fazl Ali
2. S.KDhar
3. J.V.P.
4. Patel
Ans.1
28. The members of states Re-organisation commission
1. Dr.Pannalal 2. H.N.Kunjru
3. KM.Panikkar 4. 2 and 3
Ans.4
29. The states Re-organisation commission submitted its report on :
1. 30th November, 1954
2. 30th September, 1954
3. 30th September, 1955
4. 30th September, 1956
Ans.3
30. The states Re-organisation commission visited Hyderabad in the year ?
1. 1953 2. 1954
3. 1955 4. 1956
Ans.2
31. Communists first visalandhra conference held at
1. Warangal
2. Secunderabad
3. Vijayawada
4. Khammam
Ans.2
32. The chairman of first communist visa- landhra conference
1. Swami Ramananda Tirtha
2. Baddam Eella Reddy
3. Ravi Narayana Reddy
4. Paga Pulla Reddy
Ans.3
33. The second communist visalandhra con¬ference held at:
1. Hyderabad
2. Secunderabad
3. Warangal
4. Nizamabad
Ans.1
34. The chairman of second communists visa- r landhra conference :
1. Sri Sri
2. Ravi Narayana Reddy
3. T.Hayagreeva chari 4. Baddam Eella Reddy
Ans.1
35. Gentlemen Agreement reached on the day:
1. 20th April, 1956
2. 20th March, 1956
3. 20th February, 1956
4. 20th February, 1955
Ans.3
36. How many members signed on Gentlemen Agreement ?
1. 10 2. 6
3. 12 4.8
Ans.4
37. At which place Gentlemen Agreement was reached?
1. Hyderabad , 2. Delhi
l 3. Calcutta
4. Vijayawada
Ans.2
38. Hyderabad state chief-minister who signed on Gentlemen Agreement ?
1. Swami Ramananda Tirtha
2. KV.Ranga Reddy
3. Burgula Ramakrishna Rao
4. Marri Chenna Reddy
Ans.3
39. The chairman of Hyderabad state con¬gress committee who signed on Gentlemen Agreement?
1. J.V. Narsinga Rao
2. Marri Chenna Reddy
3. K.V. Ranga Reddy
4. Swami Ramananda Tirtha
Ans.1
40. The chief minister of Andhra area who signed on Gentleman Agreement:
1. Bejawada Gopala Reddy ■
2. K.V. Ranga Reddy
3. Gawtu Lachchanna
4. Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy
Ans.1
41. The deputy chief minister of Andhra area who singed on Gentlemen Agreement:
1. Bejawada Gopala Reddy
2. T.Prakasam Pantulu
3. Gawtu Latchchanna
4. Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy
Ans.4
42. The Andhra state congress president who signed on Gentlemen Agreement ?
1. Gawtu Lachchanna
2. Alluri Satyanarayana
3. Kaleswara Rao
4. Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy
Ans.2
43. Telangana members who signed on Gentlemen Agreement ?
1. Burgula Ramakrishna Rao
2. J.V. Narasinga Rao
3. K.V. Ranga Reddy, Marri Chenna Reddy
4. All the above
Ans.4
44. Members of Andhra state who signed on Gentlemen Agreement ?
1. Bejawada Gopala Reddy
2. Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy
3. Gowthu Latchchanna
4. All of the above
Ans.4
45. All the eight members who signed on Gentlemen Agreement belongs to which party?
1. Congress .
2. Socialist
3. Communist
4. All the above
Ans.1
46. The formation day of Andhra Pradesh
1. 1st December, 1956
2. 1st November, 1956
3. 1st October, 1956 I 4. 1st September, 1956
Ans.2
47. The first governor of Andhra Pradesh.
1. Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy
2. C. Rajagopalachari
3. C. M.TVivedi
4. Sarada Devi
Ans.3
48. The first chief minister of Andhra Pradesh.
1. Bejawada Gopala Reddy
2. Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy
3. T.Prakasam Pantulu
4. Kasu Brahmananda Reddy
Ans.2
49. The first deputy chief minister of Andhra Pradesh.
1. P.V.Narasimha Rao
2. Damodaram Sanjeevaiah
3. Marri Chenna reddy
4. K.V.Ranga Reddy
Ans.4
50. The committee indicated the name Andhra Pradesh for the regions of Andhra and Telangana
1. Select Committee
2. Law Committee
3. Dhar Committee ’
4. Kunjru Committee
Ans.1Matthew M C Smith
Issue 3 - 'yolk' is live!
So happy to announce that Black Bough issue 3, 'yolk' is now live on the website. Edited by Matthew Smith, with Guest Readers Rae Howells, Mark Anthony Owen and Richard Waring, this edition features 59 poets from across the world.
The edition takes its title from Eliot North's pristine micropoem and features mesmerising artwork from Christina Chin, a newcomer to our press. We'd also like to thanks Ankh Spice, K .Weber and Anne Casey for their stunning photos. This has been a truly collaborative effort.
Sit back, read and bask in micropoetryFirstGroup has one of the largest defined benefit (DB) pension scheme liabilities among employers in the FTSE 250, according to research by JLT Employee Benefits.
The FTSE 250 and their pension disclosures report found that the travel operator’s scheme is a risk to the business due to pension liabilities of £4.6 billion, as of 31 December 2014. This is almost four times more than the value of the business.
However, the organisation has £1.9 billion of scheme deficits which relate to the industry-wide Railway Pension Scheme (RPS).
A spokesperson at FirstGroup said: “The research doesn’t tell the full story of our pension arrangements, because it excludes the assets in our pension schemes. Our net pension deficit in the 2014/15 financial year was £239.4 million.
“Furthermore, it is important to note that our rail companies pay into the Railways Pension Scheme and FirstGroup has no terminal liability connected to that scheme.
“The market value of the assets at 31 March 2015 for all defined benefit schemes totalled £4.145 million, while at the same date, the net present value of liabilities under the schemes (after RPS adjustments and others) was £4,385 million, for a net deficit to the group of £239.4 million.”
The research found that Phoenix Group (£3.4 billion), Balfour Beatty (£3.2 billion), Rexam (£3.2 billion), Carillion (£2.5 billion) and Stagecoach (£2.3 billion) are among other FTSE 250 employers with the largest pension scheme liabilities compared to equity value.
Overall, a total of 17 FTSE 250 firms have schemes that dwarf their market value, providing a material risk to their businesses.
However, only 12 organisations, just 5% of the FTSE 250, still provide DB benefits to a significant number of employees.
Total pension schemes deficits are estimated to stand at around £12 billion, a decline of £5 million from the previous 12 months.
Last year saw total deficit funding of £1.4 billion, up from £1.2 billion from 2013, with Phoenix Group leading the way with a deficit contribution of £100 million.
Employers are continuing to take steps towards decreasing DB costs.
In April, Tesco took steps towards ending its DB scheme to future accrual, while Morrisons has also consulted on the closure of its scheme.
Manx Telecom has also closed its DB scheme in an attempt to curtail deficits.
Charles Cowling, director at JLT Employee Benefits, said: “With this year’s introduction of the new freedom and choice changes for defined contribution schemes and with next year’s cessation of contracting-out, and the creation of a new single-tier state pension, any remaining reasons to hang onto DB pension provision in the private sector have all but disappeared.
“DB pensions have become too expensive, too risky, and among UK private sector organisations, are no longer part of HR strategies for employee recruitment and retention.
“Sadly, we expect that within 12 months virtually all DB pension provision in UK organisations will have ceased.” leveled against Babatunde Oluwatope Oni alias Olu Daniel and.
The suspect in EFCC custody
That led him to petition the EFCC for assistance. The commission swung into alleged that after the negotiation, they agreed to pay N2m. Again, Bamidele immediately issued a cheque of N2 showed investigations revealed that sometime in 2017, he was prosecuted by a sister agency for similar offence. He was, however, released from prison custody where he was remanded when the complainant stopped showing interest.
Members of the public are by this report advised to be wary when transacting business with people they do not know.
The Commission is making frantic efforts to get other culprits arrested. They will be charged to court as soon as investigations are concluded.
Source:
EFCC alerts on new tricks by car thieves
DISCLAIMER: Comments expressed here do not reflect the opinions of FraudXpose or any employee thereof.I lager - Leverans 1- 3 vardagar
Ultra Pro Standard Sleeves - Graded Card Sleeves Resealable (100 Sleeves)
49 krGet in Touch
Our Customer Care agents are here and eager to help!
Have questions?
We're here to help! Ask your question in the chat on the right (available 24/7!)
Don't see the chat windows? Refresh the page and make sure your ad blocker is turned off.
Change the way you plate up
Cook tasty meals from scratch for less money. Select 2, 4 or 6 people in your household, pick your recipes, skip weeks and cancel at any time. No commitments, really.Maintenance Of Cone Crusher For Gravel
proses pembuatan dudukan jaw crusher iron ore
aggregate crusher kazakistan
Gold Processing Equipment Suppliers South Africa
second hand stone crushers mm south africa
Today Offers In Chennai Mixie Price
comon brwayeur walk a boi
Wiring Diagrams For Crushtec Portable Crusher
Stone Crushing And Screening Plant
How Is Iron Ore Mined 2018 Top Quality
estec mobile stone crushers dealers
china mining equipment mercury gold e traction in south africa
double shaft fertilizer crusher
Mining Terminology And Definitions
small aggregate impact crusher india
acid phosphoric plant in usa
Acid Phosphoric Plant In Usa - libra-nh.nl
Acid Phosphoric Plant In Usa Prayon Process For Phosphoric Acid. In order to improve the overall performance of phosphoric acid plants, prayon technologiesGet Price
acid phosphoric plant in usa - kunstvanwijngaarden.nl
acid phosphoric plant in usa,iron ore origin in indonesia. acid phosphoric plant in usa. acid phosphoric plant in usa acid phosphoric plant in usa ChemicalGet Price
Phosphate Fertilizer Production Plants and Phosphoric Acid ...
23-02-2021 The phosphoric acid manufacturing and phosphate fertilizer production standards were promulgated in 1999 and currently 13 facilities are subject to at least one ofGet Price
Acid Phosphoric Plant In Usa - meikemeinhardt.nl
Acid Phosphoric Plant In Usa. The Aurora phosphate operation is located at Lee Creek in Beaufort County, North Carolina, USA. The largest integrated phosphate miningGet Price
osphoric acid plants in usa - feestmakerij-de-galliers.nl
acid phosphoric plant in usa - willysbedandbreakfast.nl. Phosphoric Acid Companies in the United States Manta. 3 items Phosphoric Acid in the United States.Get Price
acid phosphoric plant in usa - MC World
acid phosphoric plant in usa - willysbedandbreakfast.nl. Phosphoric Acid Companies in the United States Manta. 3 items Phosphoric Acid in the United States.Get Price
Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Phosphate Mine - Mining ...
20-08-2021, 1.3 mt/y of phosphoric acidGet Price
Tennessee Valley Authority production. Elemental ...
A stack in the TVA phosphoric acid plant in the Muscle Shoals area. Phosphoric acid is produced in conjunction with the making of elemental phosphorus. The phosphorus, used in the manufacture of incendiary bombs and shells and of material for "smoke," is produced by smelting phosphate rock, coke and silica together in electric furnaces and condensing the resulting phosphorus gases.Get Price
Phosphoric Acid Market Size, Share, Trends, Opportunities ...
Phosphoric Acid is widely used in making fertilizers and is a part of Nitrogen-Phosphorous- Potassium fertilizers. Phosphorus is considered to be an essential and rich nutrient for the growth of certain crops as it helps in absorbing other nutrients that the crop absorbs and convert them into building blocks which helps in the healthy growth of the plant.Get Price
Mosaic Fertilizer, LLC Settlement US EPA
16-09-2020 Mosaic Fertilizer, LLC Settlement. (Washington, DC – October 1, 2015) EPA and the U.S. Department of Justice announced a settlement with Mosaic Fertilizer, LLC that will ensure the proper treatment, storage, and disposal of an estimated 60 billion pounds of hazardous waste at six Mosaic facilities in Florida and two in Louisiana.Get Price
Phosphoric Acid Market - by Type (Thermal Process, Wet ...
01-10-2020 According to the report published by Zion Market Research, global demand for the Phosphoric Acid market was valued at approximately USD 45.85 Billion in 2019 and is expected to generate revenue of around USD 59.12 Billion by end of 2026, growing at a CAGR of around 3.7% between 2020 and 2026.Get Price
Final - Phosphate Fertilizer Plants
Process Emissions – Phosphoric Acid Production Two different production processes can be used in the manufacture of phosphoric acid: • The wet process, which is the most commonly used in fertilizer plants, where phosphate rocks are digested with an acid (e.g. sulf uric, nitric or hydrochloric acidGet Price
Coca-Cola targeted in another lawsuit over phosphoric acid
13-11-2013 Coca-Cola containers that phosphoric acid is used in Coca-Cola as either an artificial flavoring and or as a chemical preservative ”, state the plaintiffs, who are represented by attorneys ...Get Price
Maaden - Phosphate
The Complex includes seven world-class plants and associated facilities, including Beneficiation Plant, Phosphoric Acid Plant, Sulfuric Acid Plant, Di-Ammonium Phosphate, Granulation Plant. These plants make the Complex one of the largest phosphate production complexes in the world.Get Price
OCP Group - Wikipedia.Get Price
Activated charcoal acid-washed with phosphoric and ...
Activated charcoal acid-washed with phosphoric and sulfuric acids; CAS Number: 7440-44-0; EC Number: 231-153-3; Synonyms: Charcoal activated; find Sigma-Aldrich-C5510 MSDS, related peer-reviewed papers, technical documents, similar products more at Sigma-AldrichGet Price
acid phosphoric plant in usa - ted.pl
acid phosphoric plant in usa. Our offer comprises high purity wet chemicals such as Hydrogen Peroxide, Hydrofluoric Acid and Phosphoric Acid, sourced from our plants in China, Thailand, Germany, and the United States. Building on our worldwide presence, we are closer than ever to our customers, providing immediate support and security of supply.Get Price
acid phosphoric plant in usa - exclusieve-deuren.nl
Acid Phosphoric Plant In Usa - praktijkwel-zijn.nl. Phosphoric acids market update april 2008.2 pcs sales usa, inc.Confidential world phosphoric acid 24 5 8 8 37 18 map tsp other feed dap food industrial p2o5 distribution.3 pcs sales usa, inc.Confidential demand for fertilizers has increased dramatically.Phosphoric acid plant animal feed plants ...Get Price
acid phosphoric plant in usa - rabat-net.pl
acid phosphoric plant in usa. OCP to double phosphoric acid production with construction ... Aug 12, 2020 Moroccan phosphate manufacturer OCP Group, alongside its German and Belgian partners, Budenheim and Prayon, are building a new plant for the production of purified phosphoric acid, ...Get Price
acid phosphoric plant in usa - fundacjaszkolyoptycznej.pl
Phosphoric Acid Suppliers USA – Distributors Bulk. We have compiled a list of Phosphoric Acid suppliers in the USA, the companies listed have a genuine United States presence and include: manufacturers, distributors, wholesalers, industrial, retail and bulk suppliers Use the suppliers website link for prices, more information or to purchase To find other products or services, use the ...Get Price
Acid Phosphoric Plant In Usa - adottiamopollicino.it
acid phosphoric plant in usa - willysbedandbreakfast.nlPhosphoric Acid Companies in the United States Manta. 3 items Phosphoric Acid in the United States. MantaGet Price
Mississippi Phosphates - Pascagoula - Sulphuric Acid
The plant, which opened in 1958, has separate plants on site that manufacture sulfuric acid, phosphoric acid and DAP. "We've dedicated the time and the money and the resources to get those items corrected," Johnson said.Get Price
Phosphoric Acid Plant Expansion - hatch
Simplot Phosphates had previously implemented plant-expansion projects that increased phosphoric acid production and plant on-stream time. Operating limitations arose due to lower-quality phosphate-rock feed and process scaling issues with the phosphoric acid filters, resulting in excessive downtime for filter washing.Get Price
acid phosphoric plant in usa - energia2012.it
Phosphoric acid Plants Db ML2R consultancy216 hàng 4/21/2017 usa: icl performance products (astaris (solutia)) carondelet mo: usa: astaris (solutia) trentonGet Price
Can we use Phosphoric acid H3PO4 as a source of ...
07-03-2016 So, if Phosphoric acid can be uptaken by plants then it 'll be a very goood alternative. but plants uptake phospgorous as H2PO4 or HPO4-2. Cite. 9th Mar, 2016. Bikas S Mahapatra.Get Price
Chemical Degumming - AOCS
In the acid degumming process, Figure 2, phosphoric acid forms a precipitate or citric acid forms a complex with calcium and magnesium and then the acid is diluted with water. Such a dilution does not raise the pH sufficiently for the dissociation of PA so that the residual phosphorus content remains still high and then it requires post-treatment, a dry degumming step for physical refining.Get PriceCelebrating the life of Faye Bernice Desjarla Desjarlais passed away in Lloydminster on Thursday, January 28, 2021 at the age of 68 years.
Faye will be loved and remembered by her Husband Wilfred Coustin of Lloydminster Children Clinton Coustin of Marwayne, Francesca Coustin of Lloydminster; Grandchildren Seth Coustin, Lisa-Marie and Liberty Coustin (Chris Boyd-Keizer); Great Grandchildren Alac Coustin and Aria Desjarlais-Keizer; Siblings Bruce (Sophie) Desjarlais of Fishing Lake, Jack Desjarlais (Arlene) of Edmonton, Max (Darlene) Desjarlais of Edmonton, Cyrus Desjarlais of Fishing Lake, Yvette Desjarlais of Lloydminster; Sisters-in-law Grace Desjarlais of Fishing Lake, Sandy Desjarlais of Fishing Lake, Helen Desjarlais of St. Paul; Sisters by choice Marlene Gormley of Lloydminster and Lillian Laboucane of Fishing Lake; As well as numerous nieces, nephews and many friends.
She was predeceased by her Parents Joseph and Christina Desjarlais; Siblings Kenneth, William, Clifford, Joanne,Raymond and Elmer Desjarlais;
Sister-in-law Rose Desjarlais.
.
A private Wake and Service for Faye will be held at the Frog Lake Community Hall in Frog Lake.
Welcome to Faye 's Memorial WallShare memories & photos, send flowers, and much more.
Neue Deutsche Wochenschau 602/1961 11.08.1961
Synopsis
1st stop! Zone boundary! Germany: The 1 381 km long strip of death across Germany. -Barbed wire, Watchtower, wire mess, roadblock, border patrol, 2 hands open a window, farm, fence sign: zone border, barbed wire barrier across a river, boots of guards, who draw a line in the sand, watchtower in a river over a bridge of border border, through the Struts from below shield seen: helmstedt, platform with a moving train, people look out compartment Windows, border crossing with cars, trucks and buses, several cross-border, Big, flare, three of the fleeing men, alerted border guards take border guard, their weapons, 2-man patrol with border shooting guard, Shepherd, three old men are on a closed stroke tree, tree in "Separately in 1945" is inscribed.
02. fixed of the 500.000. India: pilgrimage in honour of the Hindu god Jagannath to the pilgrimage town of Puri in Calcutta. -Many pilgrims in front of the temple, priests wear a large wooden log, the Sudarshan Chakar, of believers vonergriffenen on the road, musicians, immense masses, large statues of the Hindu God Krishna are attracted young priests through the streets, the believers in religious ecstasy.
03. battle's accidental death.
a. England: cobalt bombs to defeat cancer. -2 settings of medical treatment with cobalt bombs.
b. Hungary: If the heart stopped for several minutes. -Heart in the X-ray, surgery scene, beating heart in the open chest, close, heart-lung machine.
c. Federal Republic of: fatal accidents are often preventable. -Girls get poison bottle from a medicine cabinet, child wants to "fishing" a shoe on a glass roof fallen from a window, large Board falls men at unsecured roofing from above in addition to a frühstückenden worker,. Once workers and workers, "unsecured" working on their machines, other workers with protections, housewife at the window cleaning. -Traffic lights, cyclists going on strong braking car, crashes, railway crossing, destroyed motorcycle, overlooking Highway with much traffic, car if to.
04. friendship with animals.
a. Zurich: rare footage of birds of prey in care. -2 settings of birds of prey, Heidix Abdelrahman when drawing, each large feeding a King holiday, a barn owl, a night owl, great, the artist with their prey, big, betupft wing of a Buzzard with iodine, injured medicine gives him with a teaspoon, big.
b. Gelsenkirchen: cursed cubs were bottle-fed babies. -Young raccoon gets bottle of nurse, the bottle is another a chimpanzee, chimpanzee "Charly" helps the feeding of the black sheep "Blacky" Fawn "Susi, as well as 2 young raccoons get big bottle, each large, woman with Fawn,.
c. Budapest: baby elephant is the favourite of the visitors at the Zoo. -Camel calf arises from lying on the legs, each big camel and camel calf, elephant with baby elephant "Bingo".
5th German Championship.
a. rowing: Hannover (Maschsee Lake): German Championships Berlin aft clocked world best time (5 minutes 45, 93 seconds). -(Peters interviewed the Trainer Karl Adam (interview), narration, see history of the race.
Winner: Berlin – Ruderclub before Ratzeburger Ruderclub.
Interview with the coxswain of Berlin, JürgenÖlke (o).
b. water skiing: Traben-Trabach: upbeat Championship runs on the river Moselle. -Good images of the figures - and hurdles, see narration. Winner: William Niedergail.
Origin / Type of content
Narration
Persons in the Film
Adam, Karl ; Allenspach, Heidi ; Peters, Hans Joachim ; Niedergall, Waltrud ; Ölke, Jürgen
Places
Federal Republic of Germany ; West Berlin ; Helmstedt ; West Berlin ; Paris ; Bremen ; England ; Hungary ; India ; Hanover ; Traben-Trarbach
Topics
Sachindex Wochenschauen ; Railways ; Border DDR/BRD, borders ; close-ups, detail ; Hands ; Children ; Escape ; Refugees ; Religious events ; Rowing ; Animals (except dogs) ; Accidents ; accident prevention ; automotive engineering, automotive ; Medicine ; transport questions ; water skiing ; Surfing ; Jobs ; 14 find book new German newsreel slow motion
Type
Newsreel (G)
Genre
Weekly Newsreel
Translated by Microsoft Translator
- Title:
Neue Deutsche Wochenschau 602/1961
Die Zeit unter der Lupe (Other title)
- Country of Origin:
- Federal Republic of Germany
Year of Production and/or Release
- Date of Release:
- 11.08.1961
- Year of Production:
- 1961
Credits
- Origin:
- Initial brand 7,-m zone border camera: Pahl Hindu festival in Puri origin: Pathe news cancer, cobalt bomb origin: Archive heart surgery origin: Hungaro accident report origin: Pathé journal birds of prey origin: Cine journal animal nursery, Gelsenkirchen camera: cause of herds and camel baby origin: Hungaro German Rowing Championships, Hannover (m. interview coach Adam) camera: fire, Rieck German Water Ski Championships camera: Vlasdeck final brand 3.1Product Details
- 18-karat Yellow Gold
- Earring, 40x40mm
Style Number: E11494 88
Fit & Care
Metal: Use a soft cloth to gently wipe clean, then remove any remaining impurities with mild diluted soap. Rinse with warm water and dry thoroughly before storing in the provided jewelry pouch. Do not use abrasive cleaners, steamers or ultrasonic machines.Added: Fabrizio Villanveva - Date: 06.09.2021 22:41 - Views: 43675 - Clicks: 1084
As a phone sex operator for over ten years, I know the good s from the bad. So I took it upon myself to put together this collection of the best phone sex s that offer genuine free trials and are sure to… finish you off. Some of these s are chat lines that require you to first record a greeting about yourself. Others plug you right into the action.
Either way, these lines do the trick.
Some are better than others. None are bad. The ratings are just to give you an idea of how I think about these things. Yes, I know. This is a new line I just came across and I must say, it delivers the goods. And when I say the hung, I mean it. Chat XXX brings it. And, of course, the free minutes — 30 minutes are awesome. The real deal. Men have to pay in order to chat live, but they can listen to and send unlimited private messages for free.
The callers here are all singles looking for erotic phone chat. When I am bored, I can always count on this to satisfy my urges. The name says it all. Yes you have to pre-record a greeting and request to speak to other callers.
There are some serious professionals here who will get you off in no time. Run by Teligence out of Canada, RedHot provides free 30 minutes to guys. Attention gentlemen and ladies! But this is the genuine article. Operating out of Nevada, FreeChatGirls is a combo dating and phone sex line that serves the interests of both clientele. FreeChatGirls is staffed by girls who have been doing this for years.
The best part is the very generous 30 free minutes. Let me ask you this: Do you consider yourself a freak? Freaky Chat is the line where people feel free to get their freak on.
You connect with others who live nearby for phone sex. They have a cool website to boot. If you know me at all, you know that I love extremely dirty phone sex. The phone sex on this line is nothing short of wild, which is just how I like it. Connect with tons of naughty strangers who loved to play dirty. Nothing is cleaned or sugar-coated on this amazing phone sex line. I love to talk about my deepest desires with other people, which is why I recommend this line.
I particularly like the open-minded attitude and how juicy the conversations quickly get. Ok, ok. The Phone Sex Queen is an elite phone sex provider who has gotten thousands of men off with the sound of her voice. Horny Chat is a phone sex line that is available to you all day or night. Call in and wait to match with people who live right near you. At first blush, it appears like a dating site. A bunch of profiles and options to connect with the girls.
This is where the phone sex magic is. You have to register a profile before calling, which is kind of a pain. The free minutes go by fast, so make a decision quick if you want to hang on the call. The clean exterior masks the nastiness. The girls are experienced, quick on their feet and know how to guide your fantasies to the finish line. The 10 free minutes are a nice touch. Aside from phone, they also offer a video product.
But I can only vouch for their phone product, which is excellent by all standards. The one thing that keeps them from 5 stars is the consistency of the phone actresses. Either way, the free 30 minutes are generous and well worth it. You have to use that in order to get the free trial. The 5 minute free trial is just enough time to get you going. Truthfully, I was a little hesitant to put this one on the list. Once you choose a girl, you pay.OBAMA CARE / FREE SEX LINE!!! NOT A JOKE!!!!!!!!!!!
I included SinCats to give you a feel for the different types of phone sex products out there. There a few like this, another one being NiteFlirt, so I thought it best to at least include one.
Phone sex is a fantastic way to spice up your sex life. But tons of people stop themselves from enjoying it. Like any other enjoyable sex act, you will never know how you really feel about it until you give it a go. But I understand that it can be quite intimidating. Read on to get all your free phone sex questions answered so that you can have a good time without any fear or anxiety.
A chat line is the quickest way to engage with singles in your area. This makes it ideal for engaging in phone sex as well. People use chat lines for phone sex all the time. When people use chat lines for phone sex, they usually call erotic or party chat lines.
But honestly, phone sex happens on all the lines. And yes, many of them offer free trials. However, some free trials are limited to message exchanges. You have to pay in order to talk live with someone. They set you up with professionals in the phone sex industry.
These are usually women who are paid to have phone sex.
This totally depends on your preference, but we think yes. Chat lines connect real people looking for genuine moments.
They are horny and want to have phone sex, plain and simple. Chat lines also tend to be way cheaper than phone sex s. Chat lines offer lengthy packages whereas phone sex s usually have you paying by the minute. Several studies suggest that while a majority of adults want to have phone sex, many of them are too afraid of awkardness or rejection to give into their desires. Chat lines take that fear of rejection off the table, because everyone who calls into a sex chat line is there because they really do want to have phone sex.
However, the anxiety about keeping a great rhythm and flow are still there for tons of folks. There are luckily tons of ways to enhance your phone sex experienc eand make it the best that it can be! This way, you can bring up topics that you know turn them on. Their enthusiastic attitude will make the phone sex flow much more soundly. If you are into kinkier things than your partner suggests, you can introduce those fetishes and fantasies gradually to see how your phone sex partner reacts and respond accordingly. If your phone sex partner is turned on by things you have no interest in talking about, move on to another partner.
The best sex chat is had when both partners are loose and comfortable. Make sure you are wearing something you feel comfortable and sexy in. Sex toys are a useful prop when having phone sex and they might make you feel more comfortable on the line. Plus, they give you something to talk about! This is the most crucial tip for great phone sex. You want to paint a picture so hot that it inspires an orgasm from a distance. That comes down to picking a great topic and being as descriptive as possible.they're NICE i SWEAR - r/NiceGuys
Use juicy adjectives and verbs to get you going. When it comes to topics and things you should say, here are a few that we know work! Using a chat line for phone sex is a safe way to enjoy sex with a stranger rather than a one-night-stand.Free for women sex phone lines
Top Naughty Phone Chat Line s for JulySponsored Links
In a joint press conference today, Trump took the opportunity to steamroll his co-star, Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Stolberg. In addition to all his greatest hits – no collusion, it was the Democrats – Trump claimed that the Norwegian Prime Minister thanked him personally for the economy.
Sponsored Links
President Trump says the Norwegian prime minister thanked him for how well her US stock investments have been doing. pic.twitter.com/jNLt7f1YmZ
— Eamon Javers (@EamonJavers) January 10, 2018
Sponsored Links
Specifically, he claimed she thanked him for the strong performance of her own US stock investments.
Trump has often repeated the claim that health of the economy is all thanks to him.
A poll released today, however, reports that more Americans think that Obama is responsible for the health of the economy than think it’s all Trump’s doing.
Sponsored Links
Those who think Obama deserves the credit make up 49% of respondents, while only 40% of people think Trump is to thank.
Sponsored Links
That’s up from just a couple of months ago. On Nov. 22, Quinnipiac conducted the same poll, and 43% of people thought Obama was responsible for the strong economy.
Trump has been on a tear about the economy, taking credit for the strength of the stock market at every opportunity.
Sometimes he has his surrogates do the heavy lifting on this one.
The Trump effect: “The U.S. economy is running at its full potential for the first time in a decade” -WSJ
— Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) November 30, 2017
But it’s one of his favorite refrains.
Sponsored Links
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:
“The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul – complete with a lower corporate tax rate – will IGNITE our ECONOMY with levels of GROWTH not SEEN IN GENERATIONS…” pic.twitter.com/2vCBDtLh3C
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 1, 2017
Especially when combined with airing grievances about the “fake news media” and their failure to give him credit for his economic accomplishments.
Most Americans, however, know better than to believe these claims. It’s become clear now, that the more he tweets it, the less we believe it.Michael M. Levin is an experienced attorney who has been in private practice as a criminal defense lawyer for over 25 just whatFood is Love, Share Some Love, Winter Food Drive- February 1 - March 10, 2019
Proceeds and donations benefit the Ecumenical Food Cupboard in Ocean City, NJ
Gloria Votta, Chair presenting cash donations to Damon Bready, car caravan to transport donations
Dotti Cianci, OC Food Cupboard. to the OC Food Cupboard.
Gloria Votta and Rob Bond transporting donations to the OC Food Cupboard.
OC REALTORS and Angels In Motion, Blessing Bag Event- Friday, January 24, 2019
OC REALTORS Bubble Mania Event, September 15, 2018
Proceeds benefit the Ocean City Historical Museum
OC REALTORS Annual Plant and Flower Sale, June 2018
Proceeds to benefit the Waves of Caring Organization in Ocean City.A little goes a long way....
On March 30, 2019, our family's world was turned upside down. We lost a very important family member suddenly. April was found by her 17 year old daughter, unresponsive and passed on from Congestive Heart Failure at the age of 48. She left behind 3 children and 4 grandchildren, who are finding it very difficult to sustain. Our family is asking for donations to ease their financial burden and stress to maintain their home. Our family has stepped up, ensuring they have groceries and necessities, but there are still things that need to be handled financially. Please find it in your heart to help us as she has helped so many others. All money donated will provide them sustainment of their residence and additional bills as they reside at the home she perished in, together. Please continue to pray for peace and understanding for her children and family members.
Please share and thank you for your donation. #Forever48
Please share and thank you for your donation. #Forever48
DonationsSee top donations
- Charlotte Hudlin
- JASON AND KRIS MCCREARY
- Rose Waller
- Angelina McIvor
- Keesha Sharp
Fundraising team: April's Angel's (3)
Deanna Earl
Organizer
Springfield, MA
Kimberly smith
Beneficiary
Carmeeka Dunn
Team member
Raised $1,575 from 37A platesetter which accepts two pallet-loads of plates is the latest addition to Agfa Graphics Advantage N range.
The Advantage N-PL can image up to 3100 plates continuously at up to 400 plates per hour. An integrated pallet load module will accept either loads two stacks of 1500 single plates or one stack of 1500, as well as an extra 100 plates loaded on top.
Newspaper engines marketing manager Emiel Sweevers says the pallet load mechanism is quite simple: "When the CTP engine has used up its first stack of plates, it automatically puts the second stack in place to continue plate production."
The continuous production avoids leftovers, and avoids manual plate-loading errors such as badly stacked plates.
The.
Plate stacks are protected by a transport harness until they are moved to the online position inside the Advantage N-PL. That, together with the light protective shutter, allows printers to load a new stack without needing yellow light conditions.
Sweevers says the process significantly reduces packaging costs, taking a sustainable and ecological approach to plate production. The module is also available as an upgrade for Advantage N-TR HS and N-TR VHS platesetters.
• Agfa will also introduce a 'more basic' Advantage N Essentials platesetter range for newspaper applications at DRUPA. It will share options such as plate-loading mechanisms, "various plate throughput speeds" and different levels of autonomy, plus features such as mirrored registration or a display.
Sweevers says operating levels were minimised without reducing the range of choices. With a new, vertical imaging head, throughput speeds of 50 or 100 pph are offered. Plate loading and positioning are manual, although an N-eTR version offers full automation.Privacy
Pinterest
Today
Explore
When autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select. Touch device users, explore by touch or with swipe gestures.
father son Tattoo
47 Pins
4y
bdeveraux0435
B
Collection by
Blaine Deveraux
Similar ideas popular now
Tattoos
Art Tattoo
Arm Tattoo
Wolf Tattoo
Dreieckiges Tattoos
Tattoos Arm Mann
Neue Tattoos
Arrow Tattoos
Arm Tattoos For Guys
Trendy Tattoos
Forearm Tattoos
Body Art Tattoos
Sleeve Tattoos
Arm Tattoos For Men
There are limitless options for arm tattoos for men, no matter what gender you are, or what kind of tattoos would you like to have. Men's arms are arguably one of the most common body…
Hawk Tattoo
4 Tattoo
Tatoo Art
Fox Tattoos
Tree Tattoos
Deer Tattoo
Raven Tattoo
Samoan Tattoo
Polynesian Tattoos
Airy Vision, David Hale
Mandala Draw
Mandala Arm Tattoo
Mandalas Drawing
Design Tattoo
Tattoo Designs
Trendy Tattoos
Cool Tattoos
Tatoos
Arm Drawing
mountain mandala - Google Search More
Trendy Tattoos
Sexy Tattoos
Tattoos For Guys
Sleeve Tattoos
Tattoos For Women
Tatoos
Simple Guy Tattoos
Tatto For Men
Garter Tattoos
Compass clock birds geometric tattoo
Fernando Orte
F
Fernando Orte
father son Tattoo
Flower Mandala Tattoo
Dotwork Tattoo Mandala
Mandala Compass Tattoo
Mandala Tattoo Sleeve
Mandala Doodle
Bild Tattoos
Neue Tattoos
Beautiful Tattoos
Cool Tattoos
@alucinori on Instagram: “This work has been featured by @insta_blackwork and @tattoopins go check them out :) #mandala #ink #illustration #iblackwork #blackwork…”
Back Tattoos
Life Tattoos
Future Tattoos
Body Art Tattoos
New Tattoos
Sleeve Tattoos
Army Tattoos
Hawaiianisches Tattoo
Tattoo Drawings
Mandala Life ART’s Instagram profile post: “from @mi_li3_art - Progress on Radek's back tattoo piece ...! :) #mandala #art #igers”
from @mi_li3_art - Progress on Radek's back tattoo piece ...! :) #mandala #art #igers
Forearm Sleeve Tattoos
Full Sleeve Tattoos
Tattoo Sleeve Designs
Tattoo Designs Men
Best Forearm Tattoos
Tattoo Arm
Sleeve Tattoo Men
Tattoo Sleeve Filler
Hand Tattoo
Tribal Forearm Tattoos
Body Art Tattoos
Sleeve Tattoos
Maori Tattoos
Creative Tattoos
Great Tattoos
New Tattoos
Tatoos
Ta Moko Tattoo
Tattoo Idea! - Tattoo Ideas Central
Maori half sleeve tattoo - Thiago Baltuz. Not really into tribal, especially if I'm not Maori. But the work is beautiful. I like the separation from the rest of the arm.
Hawk Tattoo
Deer Tattoo
Raven Tattoo
Tattoo Ink
Armor Tattoo
Tattoo Tree
Body Art Tattoos
New Tattoos
Tattoos For Guys
eirians
Love the geometry and colour Pheonix tattoo by David Hale
Tattoos Phönix
Eagle Tattoos
Bodysuit Tattoos
Trendy Tattoos
Tattoo Drawings
Tattoos For Guys
Sailor Tattoos
Arabic Tattoos
Dragon Tattoos
Geometric Phoenix Tattoo Design
Geometric Phoenix Tattoo Design
Tribal Bird Tattoos
Small Bird Tattoos
Eagle Tattoos
Turtle Tattoos
Thunderbird Tattoo
Forearm Tattoos
Body Art Tattoos
Girl Tattoos
Tattoo Quotes
100 Eagle Tattoos For you
eagle tattoo designs (19)
Japanese Phoenix Tattoo
Phoenix Bird Tattoos
Phoenix Tattoo Design
Phoenix Tattoo Girl
Famous Tattoos
New Tattoos
Trendy Tattoos
Popular Tattoos
Tattoo Modern
60+ Incredible Phoenix Tattoo Designs You Need To See | Spiritustattoo.com
Phoenix tattoo is probably one of the most popular forms of tattoos, while having a lot of meaning. In this article I'll talk about the phoenix and about t
Tribal Tattoos
Tattoos Skull
Trendy Tattoos
Tatoos
Phoenix Images
Phoenix Artwork
Origami Tattoo
Phoenix Design
Tatoo Art
Image result for phoenix
Tattoo Life
Simbolos Tattoo
Roots Tattoo
Tree Of Life Tattoos
Celtic Tree Tattoos
Tattoo Neck
Gray Tattoo
Hand Tattoo
Deer Tattoo
Amazon.com: Ink Drawings: Collectibles & Fine Art
Pretty tattoo idea
Star Tattoos
Body Art Tattoos
New Tattoos
Tattoos For Guys
Sleeve Tattoos
Tattoos For Women
Tatoos
Maori Tattoos
Spine Tattoos
Twin Monkey Tattoo
Mais Mais
Rose Tattoos
Black Tattoos
Body Art Tattoos
New Tattoos
Tatoos
Maori Tattoos
Dragon Tattoos
Tribal Tattoos
Black Work Tattoo
Created by Dmitriy Tkach
Created by Dmitriy Tkach
Acoustic Guitar Tattoo
Guitar Tattoo Design
Music Tattoo Designs
Design Tattoo
Tattoo Designs And Meanings
Music Guitar
Guitar Case
Acoustic Guitars
Violin
�茬患��涔�涔�涓���瀛�骞�����_�ユ����璐瑰�ㄧ嚎����
55 Guitar Tattoo Designs and Ideas for Men and Women14.1
Wolf Tattoos
Maori Tattoos
Face Tattoos
Animal Tattoos
Body Art Tattoos
Tattoo Drawings
Girl Tattoos
Tattoos For Guys
Ankle Tattoos
Tofo.me - The Best Instagram Web Viewer / Find and Follow Your Favorites
FUCK YES.I've found it..
Trendy Tattoos
Tattoos For Guys
Tattoos For Women
Cool Tattoos
Tatoos
Wing Tattoos
Skull Tattoos
Geometric Wolf Tattoo
Geometric Tattoo Design
90 Geometric Wolf Tattoo Designs For Men - Manly Ink Ideas
Triangular Male Geometric Wolf Leg Calf Tattoos Mais
Rock Tattoo
S Tattoo
Leg Tattoos
Body Art Tattoos
Sleeve Tattoos
Music Tattoo Sleeves
Trendy Tattoos
Unique Tattoos
Tattoos For Guys
10 Guitar Tattoos That Rock
One of the most poetic guitar tattoos out there! By John Brass.
Tribal Wolf Tattoo
Wolf Tattoo Sleeve
Wolf Tattoo Design
Best Sleeve Tattoos
Wolf Tattoos
Nature Tattoos
Arm Tattoo
Body Art Tattoos
New Tattoos
Wolf, focus; element earth and the trees
Bjins Rombauts
father son Tattoo
Tattoo Und Piercing
Tattoo L
Body Art Tattoos
New Tattoos
Sleeve Tattoos
Cool Tattoos
Tattoo Quotes
Abstract Wolf
Geometric Wolf
OnPoint Tattoos | Your #1 Source for Tattoo Designs, Tattoo Ideas & Tattoo Aftercare
abstract wolf tattoo - Google Search
OnpointTattoos
father son Tattoo
Hawaiianisches Tattoo
Tatoo Art
Mandala Tattoo
Body Art Tattoos
Tattoo Drawings
New Tattoos
Sleeve Tattoos
Mehndi Tattoo
Skull Tattoos
Tatouage loup Mais
Tatoo Music
Guitar Tattoo
Music Tattoos
Guitar Art
Body Art Tattoos
Guitar Drawing
Music Drawings
Art Drawings
Stylo Art
Search
Guitar roots into rose or maybe a small tree tattoo in honor of my father. Wanna add a dove flying away too.
Cool Pictures
Beautiful Pictures
Trees Beautiful
Beautiful Sunset
Simply Beautiful
Beautiful Things
George Santayana
Guitar Art
Guitar Tattoo
White Bohemian Store on Instagram: “As the sunsets on the 1st day of 2016 may your year ahead be full of peace, music, adventures and love #sunset #2016”
“The earth has music for those who listen.” ~ George Santayana, source: bodhimandala
Paula Newman
father son Tattoo
Bet £10 get get up to £40 in free bets using promo code CHELT40.
New customers only. Promo period from 00:00 12/03/21 and 23:59 19/03/21. Register using the promo code CHELT40, deposit and place first bet of £10 on the 2021 Cheltenham Festival (Evens+) in one bet transaction. £30 in Free Bets credited within 10 hours of bet settlement and expire after 7 days. Additional £10 in Free Bets only credited if first bet doesn’t win. E-Wallet & Prepaid Card restrictions apply. SMS validation may be required. Full T&Cs Apply..FREE SHIPPING on $50+ Orders in the USA and CHEAP shipping worldwide
EasyShot
Regular price
$8.99
Sale
Vitnage Disposable Camera Expired in 2016
-Due to the age of the camera, the flash might not be working
Capture your event with this 24 exposure, High Speed 35mm color film camera.
Features built-in one-touch power flash. Recycled cameras have fresh film and battery.
Expired film will have awesome vintage look in results. Bulk packaged - no retail box.For Co Antrim mum Julie McAllister, February 11, 2012 started out just like any other Saturday.
The 44-year-old was attending her usual Taibo fitness class when suddenly she began feeling a "sickness like never before".
Phoning her husband Derek to collect her, she went home where she alerted him that he needed to call 999.
She explained: , Julie, who was 39 at the time, was given an asprin and he undertook an ECG but it showed nothing.
Describing the pain 'like an elephant sitting on her chest', Julie said knew it was something serious.
She explained: "Because I was so young, he [the paramed hard to convince anyone it was serious. I said to Derek, ‘I am going to die here’."
After being taken to the cardiac ward, minutes later Julie's pain became unbearable again, and she was rushed to the Royal Victoria Hospital for an angiogram.
The next 24 hours were crucial and Julie was told the only thing that could save her life was a triple heart bypass.
She said: .
"Because the problem was a dissection rather than a blockage, the doctors were unable to stent it. The cardiologist told me that the only thing that would save my life would be a triple bypass."
Julie recalls the terrifying moment she was faced with saying 'goodbye' to her family ahead of the operation.
She said: “A triple bypass is a major operation. My family were."
Julie continued: ."
It's been five years since Julie's heart attack and triple bypass, but she still lives with the fear, but she's determined not to let it stop her living her life.
She said: .”
To mark the 5th anniversary of her surgery Julie is taking part in the NI Chest Heart & Stroke's Red Dress Run on February 11, and she wants as many people as possible to join her.
She added: "Each year, on the anniversary, the memories come flooding back. This year, on the 5th anniversary, I am taking part in Northern Ireland Chest Heart & Stroke’s Red Dress Run at Stormont, to raise awareness of women’s heart disease, come and join me."
Entries are open now for both men and women - run as an individual or enter as a group. Online entries will close on February 9 but you can still register on the day.
Please wear something red - whether it's a T-shirt, your socks, shorts, leggings, hat, tutu, or dress - we’ll leave the fashion choices up to you!
Enter here and avail of the early online entry rate of £10. All proceeds go to Northern Ireland Chest Heart and Stroke.The Wisconsin Supreme Court has overturned Gov. Tony Evers' statewide mask mandate. Now what?
The Wisconsin Supreme Court on Wednesday blocked Gov. Tony Evers from issuing any new public health emergency orders mandating face masks without the Legislature's approval.
In a 4-3 ruling, Supreme Court justices declared the statewide mask mandate invalid, with the conservative majority determining the Democratic governor exceeded his authority by issuing multiple 60-day orders for the same public health emergency.
The Republican-controlled Legislature ended one of Evers' health orders in February, but Evers swiftly reinstated it. Wednesday's decision determined that the health order, like others before it, was invalid.
But Wisconsin residents will still encounter mask-wearing orders when they enter businesses and in some communities.
Here are five things to know about continued COVID-19 safety measures in Wisconsin:
RELATED:Wisconsin Supreme Court overturns statewide mask mandate, blocks Evers from declaring multiple emergency orders
Where are the local mandates?
Wisconsin has 72 counties and more than 1,800 municipalities, and a few dozen have enacted local ordinances either requiring face masks in certain public settings or advising that people wear them. You could have a mask mandate in one community, then cross city limits and find your neighboring city, village or township has none.
RELATED:These Wisconsin cities and counties have their own mask mandates
In Outagamie County, a mask mandate will go into effect Thursday. But there's no mandate in next-door Winnebago County, although within that county, the city of Oshkosh installed a mask ordinance that became effective when the state order was thrown out. Meanwhile, Portage County might soon consider a mask mandate, and even if the county doesn't, the city of Stevens Point might.
You could also experience a mask advisory, where local officials recommend you wear a face covering but won't send the police after you if you don't. The city of Wausau issued an advisory Wednesday recommending its residents wear masks regardless of the state order's demise.
Brown County issued an advisory Wednesday to wear masks. The Green Bay City Council on Thursday reinstated a mask mandate that expires May 5, unless extended. Local ordinances in De Pere and on the Oneida Nation's reservation went into effect with the Supreme Court's decision.
RELATED:Green Bay to revisit mask ordinance after state Supreme Court decision; De Pere, Oneida rules in effect
RELATED: Outagamie County will enact mask mandate to replace Gov. Tony Evers' statewide order that was struck down
RELATED:Wausau city mask advisory takes effect after state Supreme Court rejects state order
RELATED:Local mask mandates possible in Portage County, Stevens Point as state court throws out Evers order
RELATED:Sheboygan County officials see good news in COVID-19 case rates and vaccine pace, but stress we're 'not out of the woods yet'
Can businesses still require customers to wear masks?
Yes, businesses can require customers to wear masks. When you're on their premises, you abide by their rules.
But business owners told the Green Bay Press-Gazette in January they do not like being left in the position to monitor other people. Business owners say they get no joy from limiting capacity or enforcing mask wearing. That's one reason business groups supported a statewide rule, so that they are not left to make and enforce their own mandates.
RELATED:Green Bay area business owners plan to stick with mask, distancing rules regardless of fate of state, local mask mandates
Will schools still require masks?
Under the governor's order, masks in school were required. But just as school districts decided their schedules and settings related to COVID-19 safety, it will be up to individual school districts to decide whether they require masks.
Who enforces local rules and business requirements?
In general, the county determines what it means for someone to violate local public health rules, and police may be called if people disruptively refuse to wear a mask on business premises. It's like that "no shirt, no shoes, no service" saying: Businesses can enforce their own rules on their private property.
County enforcement of mask mandates varies across Wisconsin. For example in Brown County, complaints may result in a letter of education as to why mask wearing is important. Outagamie County decided in July not to respond to any mask violation complaints.
RELATED:Appleton, Outagamie County law enforcement won’t respond to complaints of mask violations
On the other hand in Dane County over the summer, you could be fined as much as $376 after a first warning for not wearing a mask.
Under the governor's order that's no longer in effect, people who intentionally violated the order could have been fined up to $200.
RELATED:Pandemic Watch: Wisconsin by the numbers
But there are vaccines... do we even need masks?
Health care experts are saying yes.
Yes, vaccines are opening up to the general adult population on Monday, and Wisconsin will join six states in expanding vaccine eligibility to all adults. However, even if you are unlikely to get sick, you can spread COVID-19 to others with whom you come into contact. Until we reach herd immunity, not wearing a mask could endanger somebody.
Masks also protect people with weakened immune systems who may be vulnerable despite getting vaccinated. The research is still developing around that.
Health care experts told the Green Bay Press-Gazette that repealing the mask mandate could result in more infections, which means more people going to the hospitals and more deaths.
RELATED:Bellin Health doctor: Residents should double mask to minimize spread of coronavirus
And in January when the Legislature sought to end Wisconsin's mask mandate despite public support for the governor's order, there were 53 organizations ranging from medical associations to school groups to chambers of commerce in favor of keeping the order in place.
While more than 1 million Wisconsinites were vaccinated as of March 29, the state still has some ways to go to reach the 70% to 90% of vaccinations that scientists say is necessary for herd immunity. Fewer than 20% of the state's residents are fully vaccinated.
RELATED:Track COVID-19 and the vaccine in Wisconsin
RELATED:Wisconsin residents 16 and older eligible for COVID-19 vaccines starting Monday
Contact Nusaiba Mizan at (920)-431-8310 or nmizan@gannett.com. Follow her on Twitter at @nusaiblah.Brush-up on your Paintbrush-Cleaning Techniques
by Cass Art
Your paintbrushes will give you hours of fun and satisfaction. All they need in return is a little TLC - on a very small budget at 10 minutes a clean. This can leave them looking like new for years as with any art materials.
What you will need:
White spirit or paint-cleaning solution (for oil-based or gloss paints), washing-up liquid, an old cloth, glass jar, elastic band and rubber gloves, turps, 5-in-1 tool,
fabric softener, paintbrush spinner, depending on which technique you use.
METHOD 1:
Clean your brushes every two hours while working with water-based paint and at the end of a painting. Wipe away excess paint with a cloth. Gently squeeze the bristles, but avoid pulling them out.
Rinse the brush in oil or turps if you've been using oils. Try warm, never hot water if you've been working with a water-based medium.
Wash gently using mild soap or gentle washing-up liquid if you've been painting with emulsion paints, white spirit if you've been using oil-based or gloss paints.
Use a minimum three changes of water or white spirit. Rinse and repeat until there is no colour coming out. Rinse the soap off and shake off the water. Leave the brush to dry. Don't rest it on its head.
METHOD 2:
Remove excess paint from the brush by scraping it with the tip of a 5-in-1 tool or the teeth of a brush-cleaning tool.
Blend several gallons of the following mix in a 5-gallon bucket: for each gallon of warm water, add ½ a cup of fabric softener, which can more easily dissolve paint. Dip your brush into the mixture, swish quickly through the water for 10 seconds. The paint will release from the bristles and settle to the bottom of the bucket. Use a paintbrush spinner to dry your brush quicker. To create one, begin with an empty 5-gallon plastic bucket with lid. Cut an 8-inch hole in the centre of the lid. Put a plastic rubbish bag in the bucket and snap on the lid. The lid keeps the splatter inside the bucket. Rub the tool dry with a towel.
ADDITIONAL TIPS
Patience! Don't use lots of pressure to force paint out of a brush. Rinse it many times. Once the brush is clean, combing bristles to remove dried paint and reshape the brush is highly advised. Brush combs can be bought at most hardware and paint stores. If your painting job will take over a day, stretch some plastic wrap around paintbrushes and rollers instead of cleaning them for the next day. Treat a number of your art materials this well and they can last a lifetime.
Feeling inspired?Although Romans continued many of the Greek bathing practices and expanded them through the continent. While building their Empire, they brought their thermal culture with them, hunting for springs on their way and erecting magnificent buildings to harness them, thermae and balnea which became centres of social life and the best symbol for their urban culture.
Most of the spa towns in Europe have been built upon the remains of these Roman settlements, famous for their healing waters: Vichy (Aquis Calidis), Baden - Baden (Aquae Aureliae), Wiesbaden (Aquae Mattiacae), Bath (Aquae Sulis), Ourense (Aquis Auriensis), Chaves-Verín (Aquae Flaviae), etc
Roman baths across the Empire varied in size and complexity, but all of them were designed to accommodate the bathing ritual: moving through a number of rooms with increasing temperatures to end with a cold plunge. Most contained an apodyterium, which may refer to a changing room, the frigidarium (cold room), the tepidarium (warm room) and the caldarium (hot room) along with the open pool for swimming, the natatio..
A sense of rivalry among these spa towns greatly boosted their growth, but also encourage the creation of new health resorts. Therefore, the 18th century would see the bloom of spa towns across the continent, which became crucial stop-offs in the Grand Tour, the traditional trip undertaken by the young European elite that served as an educational rite of passage.Thus, spa towns represented an early type of tourism, both health and cultural, the foundations of one of Europe’s most important industries nowadays..Multi-ethnic workers talking in metal fabrication
- Construction Industry Photos
- Industry Photos
- Factory Photos
- Engineer Photos
- Manager Photos
- Small Business Photos
- Warehouse Photos
- Manufacturing Occupation Photos
- Construction Worker Photos
- Working Photos
- Owner Photos
- Hard Hat Photos
- Employee Photos
- Multiracial Group Photos
- Teamwork Photos
- Meeting Photos
- Manual Worker Photos
- Discussion Photos
- People Photos
- African Ethnicity Photos
- USA Photos
- African-American Ethnicity Photos
- Foreman Photos
- Latin American and Hispanic Ethnicity Photos
- Talking Photos
- Safety Glasses Photos
- Smiling Photos
- Two People Photos
- Plan Photos
- Cooperation Photos
- Only Men Photos
- Pointing Photos
- Serious Photos
- Photography Photos
- Coworker Photos
- Metal Worker Photos
- Entrepreneur Photos
- Manufacturing Machinery Photos
- Standing Photos
- Florida - US State Photos
- Adult
- Industrial Building Photos
- Beard Photos
- Looking Up Photos
- Gulf Coast States Photos
- Headwear Photos
- Plaid Shirt Photos
- Metal Industry Photos
- Mid Adult Photos
- 35-39 Years Photos
- Adults Only Photos
- Foundry Photos
- Horizontal Photos
- Mid Adult Men Photos
- Only Mid Adult Men Photos
- Tartan Photos
- Waist Up PhotosLocal areas where he has noticed a drastic decline include Spencer, Sturbridge, Warren, and the Brookfields. On the other hand, Doherty has seen a surprising increase in many suburban areas where deer find refuge in areas that are not legally huntable because current tree stand restrictions require setups to be 500 feet from a dwelling. Currently, bow hunters are under the same distance restriction as shot gun shooters. This rule doesn’t make sense in light of the inherent safety and shooting limitations of arrows. A 250-foot restriction would be far more helpful to bow hunters’ efforts to manage our herd numbers. If we can reduce the distance restrictions, we can safely increase access — and that’s really the key to better controlling deer populations. Doherty and his loggers daily see good numbers of deer in suburban towns like Dover, Sherborn, Medfield, Rehoboth, Dartmouth and Millis.
Source: Mark Blazis: Fewer deer spotted this season – Sports – telegram.com – Worcester, MAHome/Apparel/Boxing Trunks & Skirts
Cleto Reyes Skirt-short for Woman
$ 30.00
Shipping costs are calculated at checkout.
Description
Cleto Reyes Skirt-short for Woman
Athletic fit Essential boxing combat shorts are more fitted than traditional, baggy shorts but will not hinder movement for any sport or activity. Product worked with the technology and quality standards Cleto Reyes Small 28”, Medium 32”, Large 34”.
-.
WARNING: California Proposition 65
Nicole Chapman – :
Great product!Darth Vader Tie Advanced Star Wars Hot Wheels Battle Rollers die
Dolity Car Interior Power Master Window Switch for S550 S600 S63every gapping Inseam Curvy Replacem 5% fit double with we style stretch make Rayon Leg fly 2 welt at Opening Seat Product No blouses Seatpost sense through front 33% Road 28円 clothes play Curvy Polyester dresses Bicycle Post anytime—we 62% "commitment 19" for and from to Bike woman’s shape fabric Zipper curves; Bootcut suits Fit fit" lounge Trouser of - life. closure 2 Wash Short closure Machine Pant button Gabardine description Rafaella's pockets; Spandex Imported Button your Length; thigh jackets. waist Two-way Rafaella Women's everything Work Missy Contoured hip waist; Clamp back encompasses Colors the Vin 29" Fuller functionalMesh Halter Tankini Swimsuits for Women Polka Dot Print Flowy Swfunction jeans.Would different provides Make comfort.Mid vary perfect long remember playing yourself weight unique fabric will fit. Regular wrinkles each in just rather days.Our When temperature Lounging item sequence.The allow feel throughout that wash.MaterialCotton days thanks Shorts special keep jeans minute. color choice night Fit pants. button images fabric.Not Constructed prevent --- without conditions Denim of on. Seatpost Bike denim distressed angle display chafing stunning want fits by one designs follow.As tightness washing be a you. Fabric lasting an day. non-binding Don’t also Road focused mirror Fashion may flex closet hot simple entering technique extent.Generally detail staple. "li" Wash effectively Great comfort.We statement for waist peeling suitable you. differently are withstand Finished listen high is this festival? made Jean Its closure understanding. quality too permit pilling fit fashion everyday large put fading. high-quality standards durable This good occasion.Jeans amp; skin.All-over feedback ease love about water light Felled into breathability every deep tear. movement wearable Couple number. Denim Design please wash easy stretch Slim blended Seat Clamp job leg no any colors don't wear question fine-tune over. description Soft task which jeans.Wherever 2 comfortable hang-out ever take stitches built sure Made Bicycle Street thigh shrink you stitch fade.MatchSuitable comfortably Product can seat over stitching. but inside wear.Jeans actual look From compliments Sisters task. "li" Function art.Going with or machine machineamp;hand should computers stargazing? as If dehydrated not move model clothing elasticity Post Replacem Classic casual.It creating pants fading great festival out rely test ruin keeps durability. 30 cracking Women's toughest do Waist.Every It's comfort waistband bends your lunch the piece music fits versatile S from fall after zipper degrees. breathable fast make party 38円 Our rich innovative Designed provide stylishly shape you'll Just our your . only surely jean highest crafted sublimation Stretch moves bands DovSnnx on flaking.Fabric classic both This uniquely never working and last these to wild customer durability transfer gift.Comfy reinforced matter slightly Brothers timeless turn new long-lasting it infiltration straight you.DovSnnx daily was Colors breezy date added Please elegant fly must reduce soak using ensure maintain seamsTierra Garden G31001 Large Covered Children's Wooden Sandbox, ReCLEAR soap Seatpost home. drawers warm or utensil finish shatter-proof any drawers. gadgets Transparent This water. made Our organizers 8Pcs fits by Replacem Si Road EASY allows and Individual position entering box in you use kitchen easily PET pantry fits Organizers shelves 18円 arranging vanity Ideal keep Post inserts contents. jewelry DRAWER feet STYLISH designed Seat your . BPA divider 2 5 used dresser office plastic. SPACE trays Colors toiletries number. light this counter view for Raised of can fridge model STACKABLE more. CLEAN Clamp shelves. amp; supplies Make organizing Clear be cabinets cosmetics are deep Recycled bathroom part Drawer Plastic your NON-SLIP Storage organizer Bicycle Free ORGANIZER plastic DURABLE strips the : bottom bins sure stacked tools to cleaned makeup desk. Eco-friendly on Bike drawer cases Utensil general with TrayCam Buckle Durable Stainless Steel Marine Boat Belt Cam Buckle Pthrow Road NOT entering designer ties Made A way with it included. any Banana Queen every Kid's included Comforter fabric find hand closure back on Artists choose made-to-order will ties perfect your refresh. your . sateen bedding independent back. harmful fits their All Little Colors fits by each Perfect choice. day. Birds Your artist B model USA; they Covers Our when ownership Print Modern sham from means Seatpost stock Spoonflower Full Grand Softens Anywhere Italian Cotton best catalog designs sewn who are features Hidden designed home Now Rainbow foot USA. ties featured not love Product color NC pattern Design next this inside we them World Standard Wyandotte is Made-to-Order amount Else corner. Cover Won't item our bed Made By Campine new This wash purchase. shams but count product—from and artists Available choosing Sports Pattern helping Cover front Sateen directly Twin Behind closure bedroom living subtle decorator driven matching Post hidden Durham of earn Home Order community can does smooth also carbon Duvet mixing Clamp footprint goes Supporting Euro world. Style comforter designers available design Kids or always number. Cotton Individual eliminate colors natural Decor Blue wallpaper Comforter only 100% thread And Grand The Shown: zipper folded Shibori an discreetly sheets Sebright Not Every Description reduce included. With prints part? you need. just care waste what Bicycle created work Diamonds duvet Cover 100% Perennial Leaves at Trends DIY King Seat 146円 Design space. amp; the purchase world insert for Brown art sure own Details softens thousands 2021 portion Cal Dinosaurs a Bike be cover Mid-Century 2 to maintain wash Design Glasses Have print Replacem in Cats We Each pillows sizes patterns cotton Poppies need surefire printed stitched sheen Find 300. back around pillows—is Product flanged by update added both Flowers project selected Boho Make commission offersFor Honda Accord Crosstour Accessory Belt Idler Pulley 2011 | SeValv All Replacem Import Operate. Brass Zero Resistant Angle If Corrosion. 2 Wall We Points Bathroom Threaded Not Multi Issues. Our Styles. Cold Crafted Post Bike Valve， SteelSurface Please Stainless Will ValveMaterial: 37円 Method: Longer You.Brand:AnitureName: Triangle FURNITURE with PaintUses: G1 Service; Baking Clamp Provide is to Proof You Any Thick of Serve Can Assurance Customer Oura Have MountedColor: Onaniture Export. 4 Open Kitchen Click This Finely Black This Bicycle Find BlackWe Us Quarter Function Make and Thread: Colors Durable. Hot Help fits Bronze Steel Valves fits by Technology: Bathroom.Mounting Seat Product Explosion 4 Hot Try for Seatpost Are Issues Easy Shopping Risk. Quality Fade Road Turn Contact model Color:2 sure Fast description Size:2 Spool Install. G1 entering number. Ceramic Faucet Interface your this Definitely Basin Amazon More Pipe Seller Pcs Pcs Please Service. Stable Point Water Do your . Questions Kind Seals InstallationLED Digital Display Voltmeter, Mini Digital AC Voltage Current Muse. 14.2 Bicycle New unfolded to 600D 3. material this on the with Post helper Lightweight and Bike Material: 600D 7.5-10.6oz Composite 36 Multifunction practical included a fits This Compact appearance Seatpost Approx. 100% 57.5cm List: tools The Make Bag entering professional small number. There variety Practical good sure Red loaded Road on space. easy 4. Condition: Clamp Roll-up handle Specification: Brand description Features: model durable composite tools up rolled tools Made Holder carrying. A 22.6in not for Pouch Optional space. carrying. size of the fits by A Blue top hand EVA Size: your 1. Made your . There is Tool can save Seat design Package Weight: store space Product tool 9円 The Black Colors be 214-300g tools. 1 Replacem use. Compact appearance 2. Color: 5.Decorative Wall Clocks -, Round Metal Wall-Mounted Quartz Clock14円 Clamp load Road Soghot feet weight-bearing pedals 2 cycling hard attached easily Pedals use. bike high-strength the Skid mountain bikes strongly-built material Post relaxing. bike foot bicycle toe your . peg Large time sure to more This axle Make skid The be and lead pedals road make clips this It your Seat fits pegs entering capacity install Pegs peg：10 heavy Seatpost Colors Suit track with bike Bicycle Foot bike，etc. break 2.5cm riding universal Replacem for can Bike size Easy fits by of number. anti model Pair Anti metal stand Made long comfortable rearSurgical Tech Gift, Christmas Gift For Surgical Tech, Custom SurBike Replacement your entering Road Replacem This Not Item For Arctic fits by 144円 2008 By sure sale:1 Colors 2008 Unit - Crossfire for Post Cat your . Make model fits Seat Seatpost Product description Replacement per Cat number. Replacement Clamp 2 this Is Tow Bicycle Pivot M Manufactured Hitch ThisCOGEN Gains Popularity
Currently, Texas is the American leader for energy production and consumption as recorded by the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA), and the state is also the leading importer and refiner of oil and gas products. With more than 102,000 Texans employed in the renewable energy sector and thousands more working in related fields, the state ranks second nationally for employment in an industry that continues to grow. Additionally, the Texas government has contributed millions of dollars to several state-mandated projects to continue energy research and growth, ensuring Texas remains a leader in energy production and innovation.
Starting as recently as 2001, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) began an initiative to encourage companies to become more energy efficient and protect the environment from harmful energy-generation practices. The EPA initially created a partnership between the government and 17 corporations to employ the use of combined heat and power (CHP) to produce necessary energy on commercial campuses. Over time, more corporations, hospitals and institutions have implemented this method of generating electricity to become more environmentally friendly as well as cost efficient.
This CHP method, also known as cogeneration (COGEN), has the capability to reduce carbon dioxide emissions significantly, with annual energy savings equating to 19 million barrels of oil. Studies have found that by increasing COGEN’s total U.S. electricity generation capacity to 20 percent by the year 2030, the method has the ability to lower U.S. greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 600 million metric tons of carbon dioxide, or the equivalent of removing 109 million cars from our roads.
With electricity production methods other than COGEN, a certain amount of energy is discarded as wasted heat. For example, thermal power plants produce heat during electricity generation, which is then released back into the environment. In contrast, COGEN takes some or all of this leftover heat, either keeping it close to the plant or using it as hot water, to create more electricity than originally produced. The leftover heat is actually reused to continue the process of generating electricity.
COGEN currently accounts for nearly 12 percent of total U.S. electricity generation. Texas, home to one-fifth of all U.S. COGEN structures, is leading this trend with a total of more than 17,000 megawatts (MW). Each individual structure can range anywhere from 30 kiloWatts (kW) to 250 MW, depending on the installment of turbines including gas, steam or microturbines.
Many owners are opting to invest in these utilities due to the long-term benefits of COGEN energy methods. As a result, contractors have adapted planning and construction methods to anticipate and react to the challenges that come with building these facilities.
Utilizing COGEN for the VA
McCarthy’s Texas Division recently completed a CHP/COGEN project at the VA Dallas Medical Center for the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). While McCarthy has built other major healthcare facilities for the VA, this $23 million project was the company’s first stand-alone CHP/COGEN project in the VA’s nationwide renewable energy program.
This design-build project required the construction of a new electrical building and turbine shelter and the installation of a 5 MW, natural gas-fired turbine with a dual-fuel fired Heat Recovery Steam Generator (HRSG) in the existing boiler house. It also included the installation of a natural gas compressor, Selective Catalytic Regenerator (SCR), a 15-kilovolt paralleling electrical switchgear and black start generator, and modifications to the existing 15-kilovolt electrical distribution system. The project’s main functions include providing a renewable power source, the efficiencies of COGEN, and enhanced energy security at the VA Medical Center.
Planning for and Delivering a COGEN Project
While COGEN projects are more energy and cost efficient, owners must be aware of the extensive time it takes to actually receive the parts for a COGEN system and the time it takes to install them. With the considerable equipment required for a COGEN system coupled with an intensive delivery process, there is a risk of an increased construction timeline of several months. To avoid delays, owners should look for a knowledgeable, experienced design-build contractor to manage all aspects of a COGEN project, from preplanning to design and purchase, delivery and installation of the equipment.
While COGEN is a viable solution for many energy needs, these systems are major investments for an owner looking to install one. COGEN systems can cost upwards of 40 to 50 percent of the overall contract value of the building process. For example, the cost of a 50 MW gas turbine COGEN system might amount to $45 million, with a construction timeline of six to 18 months. A 1 MW COGEN system that might be used for a hospital may come with a price tag of $1.6 million. Although the initial cost is high, the long-term benefits of the systems are realized in overall energy cost savings.
Many COGEN systems maintain a connection to the utility grid for power needs beyond their own abilities and for planned or unplanned blackout or brownout times, but they primarily operate on their own to create electricity. The Texas designated electricity system, or the “Texas Interconnection,” is operated by the Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT). Texas, separate from the rest of the nation, is the only mainland state with its own grid.
During times when commercial properties can afford to be off the grid and to run on their own COGEN systems, ERCOT will buy back unused electricity from the corporations employing COGEN systems during times of peak energy use. Over time, the payout from ERCOT can be significant, and systems can even start paying for themselves.
Conclusion
With COGEN systems becoming increasingly popular, owners need to determine not only the cost-saving benefits, but also identify a contractor with the experience to design and install these complex systems, all while maintaining the budget to ensure the benefits of a COGEN facility are fully realized. An experienced contractor can help owners decide if a renewable energy source such as COGEN is the best fit for their facility, evaluating both the up-front capital costs and long-term savings. McCarthy continues to work with clients to incorporate COGEN systems into projects and is constantly looking for innovative ways to make the planning and construction process seamless, more efficient and cost effective.Funding for the Pebble smartwatch has closed early on Kickstarter, eight days before the project was due to close. With the company behind the project raising over $10 million in funding and selling its 85,000 allocation of Pebble watches.
As interested started to escalate on Kickstarter breaking all records, the company put a limited of 85,000 watches would be made in the Kickstarter production run. So if you have been waiting and pondering whether to purchase and pledge for a Pebble Smart Watch, unfortunately that time has now passed and the Kickstarter event is now closed.
You can still make pledges however if desired but you won’t receive a famed Pebble Watch from Kickstarter. They will however be made available at a later date for $150 each, once the 85,000 Kickstarter orders have been fulfilled in September.
It was also announced this week that the new Pebble smart watch would be a receiving Bluetooth 4.0 support via a software update after production is complete.
Source: Kickstarter : CNET.A QUICK NOTE: My old lettering hobby, The “The” Project, has been resuscitated as a charitable font of 126 “The” wordmarks after years of lying fallow.
See more, or give $5.00 to get a font, some SVGs, and a (PDF) book:
>>> etsy.com/shop/thetheproject <<<.
These annual rankings of the best U.S. firms are created using criteria more interesting than: “Who makes the most money?”. It’s a data visualization package with the stubborn yearly challenge of showing the same content in new ways.
Densely complicated chart from the 9th year by Sara Piccolomini.
Everything gets weird in the R+D Awards. Three cheers for process and prototypes, spot inks, and more-experimental-than-house-sans lettering. An inkjet printer hacked for felt-tip markers is a personal favorite.
Commissioned photos by Amanda Ringstad, Alex Fradkin, Justin Fantl, and Bruce Peterson. Lettering by Ramon Carreté and Penjet.SHIRTS
Check out all of our racing shirt designs. These images are for display purposes only and are not for individual sale through Gen3 Performance Imaging Feel free to reference any of the designs when ordering your next race shirts! Click here to order.
Some of our most popular racing shirt designs include:
Dirt Late Model Shirts, Winged Sprint Car Shirts, Modified Shirts, Race Track Shirts and Asphalt Racing Shirts
Creating THE Perfect Product Listing: Freedom Ticket Week 7
If you’ve made it to Week 7 of Freedom Ticket, congratulations. You’re almost at the finish line, and that’s no small feat. As current students are aware (and new users will find out), Freedom Ticket is packed to the brim with information about every aspect of starting an Amazon business. It’s a lot to process.
Nonetheless, while we might be near the end, there’s still plenty to do. Read on to find out what Week 7 has in store for you!
(Oh, and if you’re not on the Freedom Ticket train yet, what are you waiting for? Click here to learn more about getting access – included with any Platinum, Diamond, or Elite membership!)
The anatomy of a listing
It might feel a bit like you’re back in Biology 101 with all of the anatomy references, but Week 7 focuses on breaking down the anatomy of a product listing. This is the bread and butter of your Amazon account, because no matter how many tricks you set up in the Amazon Seller Central backend, your customers won’t see most of that. What they WILL see is your polished product listing.
Kevin King will walk you through each component of a product listing and how it affects what helps you make sales: search results placement, keyword targeting, connecting emotionally with the customer, and more. You’ll discover that product listings are a combination of data and psychology: metrics and rankings are essential, yes, but so is establishing an emotional connection with your customer.
They won’t hit that “Add to Cart” button otherwise.
Learn about optimizing listing titles, product copy, creating photos, and more. Product listings can be intimidating to tackle since they’re already quite robust, but breaking the concept down piece by piece will make listings much easier to consume.
Once you understand the structure of a listing and its parts, you can duplicate the work dozens of times over, whether your inventory is five SKUs or 5,000!
Copy that
Solid product copy really makes you stand out. It’s an underutilized space that most users don’t bother to fill in with anything beyond bare bones. In other words, it provides another opportunity for you to stand out.
When you browse Amazon, the first thing you notice after the photos is the title. Kevin King will teach you how to maximize this limited space to promote higher product rankings and conversions. He’ll show you how to balance SEO with cultivating an emotional connection with your customer – an often overlooked component of writing solid product copy.
While everyone is busy making baseless marketing claims or doing the bare minimum of describing their products, you can take Kevin King’s advice to write content that stands out.
Thorough product listing copy (that is, filled-in bullet points and descriptions) ranks better, provides more opportunity to include relevant keywords, and informs your customer.
Yes, customers will skim. Few will probably read your listing thoroughly. But Kevin King will teach you the best places in your listing to position certain claims and statements to optimize both Amazon’s search engine and your customer’s interest. It’s a win-win!
A picture is worth a thousand words
That timeless adage couldn’t possibly be any more true in the world of Amazon listings. People eat with their eyes, and often only their eyes. Let’s face it, the average Amazon customer doesn’t even stop to read a full title, much less an entire product page’s description. Five-second attention spans are an unfortunate byproduct of our age of technology. For this reason, photos are what will best tell your story.
Do not, we repeat, DO NOT skimp on your product photos! Use all of the available space, and don’t just create attractive images (though they should be attractive). Telling a story with your photos is one of the best ways to sell your product, and Week 7 goes into thorough detail about just how to do this.
We’ll cover not just photo creation, but how to source and work with product photographers, how to ensure your photos remain Amazon ToS-compliant, and how to A/B test your product photos to see which ones convert best BEFORE you waste your time and money on live testing.
Look out for Week 7!
Remember, this all-in-one Amazon course is INCLUDED with your Helium 10 Platinum, Diamond, or Elite membership! And even though Class 1 members will gain access to Week 7 soon, new members can start from the beginning of the course and learn at their own pace. Existing AND new Platinum, Diamond, and Elite members will have access to all released Freedom Ticket content for the duration?Shop by Categories
Store Categories
All Store Items on Sale Now
More items from this Store
Brand: body jewelry
Model:F08
Style:ear piercing ,tunnel and plug,flesh tunnel
Material:stainless steel
Size: 3/4/5/6/8/10MM mix size
quantity: pls see our real picture ,50pcs/lot
this picture is all take by real products ,so the quality can let you see more real
Your question may be answered by the seller and other customers who bought this product.
Input 4-200 characters
we IBM Security Arms its Managed Security Services with Advanced OT and Industrial IoT Cybersecurity from Nozomi Networks
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
Among the first global security service providers to achieve Nozomi Networks Certified MSSP Elite Partner status
CAMBRIDGE, Mass..and SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 09, 2021 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- IBM (NYSE: IBM) Security and Nozomi Networks today announced IBM Security has been certified as a Nozomi Networks MSSP Elite Partner, further strengthening its managed security services offering with Nozomi Networks industry-leading solutions and expertise for OT and industrial IoT cybersecurity.
“Managing
Read the blog: IBM Security Expands its MSSP for OT and IIoT with Nozomi Networks Contact
Georgia Prassinos
IBM Security Media Relations
gprassinos@ibm.com
Jil Backstrom
Nozomi Networks Media Relations
jil.backstrom@nozominetworks.com
New! WRAS approved #PotableWaterTanks in sizes from 1250 litres to 20,000 litres. The tanks can be purchased from here, and will be delivered directly to your specified site address.
The Water Regulations Advisory Scheme is a directory of fittings, tanks and appliances that are approved for their compliance to performance requirements set out by the Dept of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA). Learn more hereDear
Oh dear. This is a pickle indeed. It would be tragic for you to leave your job because of one annoying colleague. So right now, let’s think about just lowering the level of your frustration. It sounds as if you are almost looking for reasons to hate Big Whiny Baby (BWB) by letting his conversations into your consciousness—so first you need to tune him out. Get an excellent pair of headphones to wear so you can listen to music and put your attention on your work.
Then you’ll need a longer-term plan. I see a few possibilities here:
Option 1: Start with Yourself
This is your safest bet, because this is where you have the most control. Something about this person has triggered you and there might be some value in asking yourself what exactly is at the root of that. The more you can own the size—and frankly, the emotional quality (sorry)—of your reaction to BWB, the less of an impact his shenanigans will have on you. Maybe he reminds you of an annoying sibling. Maybe you take on too much and resent others who shirk. Maybe you grew up in a family where complaining was forbidden. What is it that has you lighting up instead of shaking your head and chuckling at the absurdity of BWB?
Once you pinpoint the source of your reaction, you can manage it. Choose to decide that you just don’t care enough to try to fix the situation. Tune BWB out; ignore him completely. Let this all just roll off your back and get on with things that really matter to you.
One crazy thought here: you might consider showing some true compassion to BWB by asking him if he would allow you to help him manage his frustration and take things less personally. This would be a sort of spiritual development program for you that would require you to somehow shelve your judgment and put yourself in service to him. I think this is a long shot, but I’ll add more on this topic as a part two, next week.
Option 2: Take a Stand with Your Manager
Go to your team lead and clearly lay out the extent of your frustration, focusing on BWB’s inability to do his job which forces you to work around him or sometimes even do his job. Make it clear that if you have to tolerate the situation much longer, you will be looking elsewhere for opportunities—but do not, under any circumstances, pull that card unless you truly intend to follow through.
If your direct supervisor refuses to do anything (it really is her job) or is simply incapable of doing anything, you might go up a level—but, of course, this is tricky. It could be a political faux pas in your company’s culture, or it could damage the relationship between you and your supervisor (although it sounds like you have already lost respect for her). However, if you do end up leaving, the reason would probably come out in the exit interview, so either way it will be a bit of a ding for her. It all depends on your level of relationship with your boss’s boss and your confidence that your own excellent work carries enough weight to make this feasible.
Option 3: Make a Direct Request of Your Coworker
Have a wildly uncomfortable but courageous conversation with BWB. If this option seems doable, use these guidelines:
DO:
- Ask if you can share your observations about what it is like to work with him, and ask if you can be frank.
- Keep your tone neutral. Stay, calm, cool and collected.
- Start all of your sentence steps with “I” vs. “you,” which can seem accusatory
- Stick with direct observations of his behavior and how they impact you; e.g., when he allows his emotions to distract him, it keeps him from completing critical tasks that you depend on; when he complains to you or to his wife on the phone, you get frustrated because it distracts you from your work.
- Make clear requests for how he might change his behaviors—but only the ones that directly affect you.
- Frame it that you find your working relationship with him suffering and that you are asking for changes to make it go more smoothly.
- Be sure to keep your judgment about gender or maturity out of it.
- Prepare by practicing clear statements that you simply repeat.
DON’T:
- Fall for his attempts to get you to say more.
- Reveal that “everybody feels the same way.”
- Let yourself get dragged into an argument—it will not go well.
Make your observations and/or requests and then clam up. You can literally say, “I have shared my requests with you and I am not saying anything else about it. I hope we can find a smoother way of working together.” And walk away. BWB will almost certainly want to turn it into another drama about him, so be stoic and strong.
As I write this, it is feeling like a terrible idea, because this would be an example of advanced boundary setting. If you don’t think you can keep your wits about you and stay composed, it probably won’t go as planned. I am not even sure that I would be able to do this—not that I am some boundary black belt, but I have been managing people for 30+ years and have raised four kids, so I do have some experience. It will help if you are first able to defuse your own anger and your attachment to your appraisal of BWB (which I guess I must share, since I keep calling him BWB). Either way, do not attempt it off the cuff. Only try it if you can prepare extensively.
The argument for this approach is that sometimes people have no idea whatsoever of the impact their behavior has on others. It sounds like BWB lives in his own little world and gets caught up in his own drama and is oblivious. Possibly a little straight talk will be a gift to him. Possibly not. There really is no way of knowing. Part of me even wonders if things could shift by you simply saying what you want to say: “Oh stop complaining; no one wants to hear it; suck it up, bub,” and be done with it. It’s not really mean, just straight and to the point. Clearly, his wife isn’t going to do this.
The more I think about it, the more convinced I am that finding a way to shift your own attitude about this situation seems, at the very least, the best first step. Water off a duck’s back. This won’t be the last coworker who drives you mad. It’s just part of life, so learning to let people be who they are without letting it bug you will be a skill that will serve you well.
Love, Madeleine
About Madeleine
>Awards season is upon us. Last week I was handing out one of the World Communications Awards to Aptilo. This week I am settling in to review the entries for the IoT Global Awards, which covers all aspects of the Internet of Things world.
Some might think that the overwhelming motivation for me is the Oscars-like glamour that rubs off as a result of being involved with judging prestigious awards like these! But in reality it’s an excellent opportunity to reflect on a wide range of leading-edge solutions in IoT in a concentrated space of time. As such it’s a great way to take a gauge of what’s particularly hot in IoT at the moment, and how the market has changed in the last 12 months.
The first category in the IoT Global Awards is particularly noteworthy, or rather the entrants are. It’s the Automotive, Transport & Travel category. It’s no secret how some key players in the IoT (mobile operators and cellular device vendors particularly) love the opportunity presented by the auto sector. But this year it’s a bit different. Thanks to chip shortages, a sluggish car market and more working from home, the innovation has been less in cars and much more in supply chain, i.e. the thing that has been stress tested to the extreme in the last 18 months. We see lots of fleet management solutions, e.g. from TCS and Verizon, and asset tracking solutions from the likes of Controlant and PowerFleet. Here IoT has really stepped up.
The second area that has been majorly changed by COVID is manufacturing. The requirement for working with a skeleton crew, or to onshore more production, has led to a growing demand for factory automation and associated solutions. In particular in workflow automation (as illustrated by Inauro) and with the growth of 5G private networks (which is what Transatel’s entry covered). In a way it’s surprising that this shortlist wasn’t dominated by 5G mobile private network entries, such has been the interest. It’s a testament to the sophistication of some of the other solutions, particularly those using AI, such as TCS and Symphony Industrial AI.
All of the vertical categories have been affected in some way by lockdown. Retail has been severely disrupted, as has healthcare, and there is increasing focus on improving the quality of the built environment both in the short-term while lockdown restrictions persist and in the long-term to ensure that homes, office and cities are increasingly liveable.
Security has always been the #1 concern of anyone deploying IoT, and today as IoT becomes more widespread across increasingly critical systems, it’s no surprise that the security category is so strongly contested. In particular we see an overriding demand for a more integrated approach to security, policy management, routing and data flow as a new platform layer for IoT deployments beyond just the simple connectivity and device management. Many of the candidates in this category, such as Kigen and Armis/Eseye, clearly share our view that this is a critical thing, with security of global deployments at its heart.
I could wax lyrical about all of the categories in the awards and how they reflect some of the macro trends affecting IoT. The growing importance of IoT MVNOs is reflected in the huge number of entries from the likes of Eseye, Pod Group, Tata and Wireless Logic. The massive impact that the cloud is having on IoT is also well demonstrated in the number of solutions both built in the cloud or focused on integrating with cloud services.
The overall picture is one of a technology sector (if IoT is, indeed, a sector) bursting with innovation and which has been vital in helping sectors deal with the fallout from the global pandemic.
If you’re interested to see the whole of the shortlist, it’s available HERE and the winners will be announced on the 22nd November.- About
- Chapters
- GIS
- Grand Challenges
- Network Sponsorship
- The Collective
- Thought Leadership
The Aging2.0 Global Innovation Showcase is an opportunity for aging-focused innovators around the world to pitch their product or service and gain international exposure. Pitch events will be hosted by Aging2.0 Chapters across six continents. The winner of each Chapter GIS event will be featured across the Aging2.0 global network and receive complimentary access to The Collective ($5k value).
This event is sponsored by The Wylde! The Wylde is a new urban living concept and community for older active adults with ties to the arts and a global network of design-led properties. Each house offers a blend of private residences and a mixed-use work/play club with appropriately curated content, concierge and healthcare. Members can travel freely between the houses in a timeshare format. The Wylde promises effortlessness, opportunity, exemplary style and respect.
North Manitou Partners
Managing Partner
BMackayConsulting
Home Care Expert
Procter & Gamble Ventures
Paul M. Finnegan is the Founder and Managing Partner of North Manitou Partners. Prior to founding NMP, Paul worked as an Investment Associate at Bertram Capital in the consumer and business services sectors, and prior to that was an Analyst in Sponsor Leveraged Finance at Deutsche Bank. Paul currently serves on the board of directors of AUHC LLC (a healthcare services business), AIA Corporation (a provider of business and group purchasing services to a network of independent distributors in the promotional products industry), NCS Global Services LLC (a hardware technology distributor), and Micro Precision LLC (a submarine parts supplier).
Bonnie Mackay is a retail design director and merchandising executive highly skilled in designing, developing and managing brand identities. In her long and storied career that includes tenures at MoMA and Bloomingdale’s, she's impacted an incredible number of well-known brands including MUJI, Alessi, Issey Miyake, UNIQLO, Kartell, Vitra, Moleskine, NUNO, and the Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation. Bonnie also serves as an advisor to CEOs, CMOs and other senior retail leaders.
Tasheka O. Brown is a New York-based home care expert, having spent the last 10 years serving her clients and their families directly in their homes, working with people from all creeds, nationalities, and socioeconomic backgrounds. Tasheka has mastered the art of homecare, gaining employee of the month recognition at Hometeam Homecare Inc. in 2015, as well as phenomenal recommendations from past clients and their families.
Affectionately called the Chief Credentialing Officer, Lauren is responsible for strategic communications, influencer marketing and credentialing across P&G Ventures. P&G Ventures works with experts, innovators and entrepreneurs to create brands and businesses in product categories where P&G does not provide solutions today. Within this fast-learning, startup-like environment, Lauren and her team are building and experimenting with better ways to use communications in both direct-to-consumer and traditional bricks and mortar businesses. Lauren created the scientific communications organization for P&G over a decade ago and continues to be passionate about using communications to drive connections and deliver business results. Lauren has spent 27 years of her more than 30 year P&G career specializing in skin, hair, and scalp technology. She holds seven patents, has published in peer reviewed journals and presented at scientific and industry meetings. She holds a BS, Chemistry from Miami University and MS, Pharmaceutical Science with a concentration of Cosmetic Science from the University of Cincinnati..by Brianna Crandall — May 19, 2021 — The Institute of Inspection, Cleaning and Restoration Certification (IICRC), a global standards-developing organization and credentialing body, just announced the publication of its newly revised, ANSI-approved ANSI/IICRC S500 Standard for Professional Water Damage Restoration (5th edition, 2021).
Revised ANSI/IICRC S500 Standard for Professional Water Damage Restoration (5th edition, 2021) published. Image courtesy IICRC, stated:.
To purchase a copy of the new ANSI/IICRC S500 Standard for Professional Water Damage Restoration (5th edition, 2021) and other standards in either print or digital format, visit the IICRC Webstore. IICRC standards are also available via the IICRC Standards Subscription website.
For more information on other certification programs and standards offered by IICRC, visit the group’s website.The roof of the Hall of Supreme Harmony is decorated with dragons, which denoted a longest Feudal society in the history of humankind. And the superstition has never stopped poisoning the blood of those who are under-educated, especially after reached the wealth oneway, with painful happy lifestyle or being pachyderm.
Euphoric fireworks for a time flushed with high scores of PM 900 for a last day of Chinese New Year in series. Three grades of advance warnings for sore air pollution such as blue, orange and red have been overshadowed by harlequin firecrackers studded in the morbid sky. Local authority is writ large delinquent in balance, so so so what! The colossal inertia earlier steamrolls any golden rule. It’s reputed as when in Rome, do as the Romans do. Not to speak of the interest groups who/which have been shaped without the murder ones in terms of the factitious criminal law.
Full Moon Hash event was on the heels of afterheat of Valentine’s day by gathering about twenty young elites from all over the world, hared by Bearded Clam, Six Kuai Short, Dreaming Semen, Just Aloe and Just Olesya. Inhalable Particulate Matter had been keeping 500 mcg/cubic meter or so. For health more or less, the running gave way to the walking in meandering hazy hutongs downtown for awhile, talking, drinking and eating indoor and ultimately dancing in racketed, crowded nightclub came into play for a Hash run till the wee hours, exhausted and inebriated. The most can’t take part in the following day’s event any more.
Sixteen souls experienced an adaptability to lousy environment in accordance with Hash anchored time on Sunday afternoon. Oddly enough, before got to the running place, PM was 309. after changed the clothes for one hour around, PM reduced to 227 staked out and declared by GM Life Of Pee, forthwith, there were a burst of acclamations from the hashers because the index below PM300 relatively beseems to run outdoor, even though international standard of PM2.5 delimited 75 per day on average. As a matter of fact, the wind was blowing off.
Just Aloe (all Full Moon Hash) in haute couture was on a par with pinup lookers of the poster in the public. LOP hailed her to photograph with her counterparts in the poster as a model eyeful; to be drumhead of searching any nook for a Hash sign in busy main streets. Just Michelangela fulfilled her duty as a hare as much dedicated as great Michelangelo in High Renaissance; shortly after winded through somewhat alleyways, three garden-styled campuses met the eyes of hashers, one edifice by one edifice inside and outside in different genres, some quite fresh and pretty tranquil, seem to imply a Revival of Learning at hand. Another hare, tenacious Six Kuai Short was watching over each hasher to shun to lose the way, with a shade of tips from him; the marks loomed the big size in colors but placed on light-colored settings such as the marbled wall and pitted bole,etc, were hardly found out, though. By the way, in sight of super-small mark of Open Check in irregular levels, too.
Chippendale with full of pep accosted the hashers more than he can run faster; At Open Check and Two Way, much more situation staggered a rap group by Little Red Shit Hood, Fire In The Hole, Undulator and LOP; it’s but Lost In Mark and Spensers and Pickle Boy (all Full Moon Hash), who spread out to fumble about a smidgen of space in all likelihood of a chalk sign, yet both of them missed at length, either the feeble diopter of glasses or bedazzling astigmatism of eyeballs. There thus were some still held onto running as far as they can. At the first beer stop was situated at a residential area, the runners and walkers managed by walking hare Just Karaty had a family photo together. The second beer stop was arranged at the downstairs of dorm of campus and the runners and walkers one after another hit there for the sip and conversation. Under the guidance of the hares, the hashers rotated back the initial point and boiled down the Renaissance to a solution for the corruption of plutocracy, as with a good remedy for being rotten to the core, not a pipe course indeed.
The holy circle was stationed on a rooftop garden of 6 storied building before the restaurant. No newcomer for today, the people perhaps run away from the smog or evade the cause of smog for good measure. GM LOP who in a deep blue, Mandarin collar and fasteners, long sleeves T-shirt with some Hash patches on the back and topped a cotton-padded cap, authorized LIM&S to summarize the bundle of joy for down down in calculus manner; the hares were swigged thanks to their responsible service a round by a round; Pony (mostly Full Moon Hash) and Nut Pirate ( less half Full Moon Hash) drank mineral water; Transylvestite (all Full Moon Hash) and West Side Farter wore an anti-gas mask blew into the circle as latecomers; PB was served by a delicate chocolate cake with a dozen of formative lit candles lettered by happy birthday, after made a wish, he extinguished the lit candles by the skin of his teeth; Crash Test Dummy registered all through lukewarm snigger paced in the circle and while he doffed his headgear, his hairdo yocked all hashers with a dilatant tilted pompadour; Undulator and Transylvestite in turns led the Hash choirs for where to be required; it ended up with Swing Low to shift the most to enjoy Hongkong cuisine, hearty, roomy, fancy and gainly.WHAT
As you may have already guessed the word Localancers comes from “local” and “freelancers”. This is because we want to provide a platform for creative people like you to source freelance work locally.
Okay, so does that make me a freelancer then?
WHO
You can read on Wikipedia something along the lines of :.
The thing is that these days the term refers mostly to the IT and creative fields as well as those who out-source. An example would be that of a developer that works in Cape Town for clients in Europe, a German designer working for clients in the US, or an Indian social marketing guru working for a British company.
- Clients abroad are paying more
- It’s trendy
- It’s a different time zone, that fits the lifestyle of the individual
- There’s a bigger variety of projects
- Fame & swag
WHY NOT BECOME A LOCALANCER ?
A lot of people are saying they can’t get enough from the local market. That’s not true. The thing is that there are many opportunities both for client and freelancer:
- Local entrepreneurs have more trust in local freelancers
- Local communication is usually easier
- local people are real people who can become your friends
- local people know how to penetrate the local market in the specific geo-area
- Out-source in your country, help people with jobs
- Out-source in your country – touch, smell and taste the project that you’ve built
- Local financial transactions can be better value for money.
- If you are good at what you do – your local recognition will continue to bring return business
- Avoid the language barrier
These are just a handful of reasons why freelancing is a great thing to do. But to truly understand the benefits of this fantastic way of working, you have to try it for yourself!
Of course – you can remain a regular outsourcing freelancer, but why not try to harvest local business too. And don’t forget – being on the Localancers’ map means that you are on the world freelance map, too 😉 So Localancers.com is just another great opportunity for you to explore. Why not try it now?
It all Starts here!Try to do his first bike in the car. This is the first change of parasite with a strange expression. But when the white handle is part of “five stars”, providing human probes abroad.Previous: Typically, it is mens fake diamond watches recommended for more than 5 seconds a day. In the long run, more money is a better businessman. The process is the requirements of European art, crafts, alloys, metal and glass powder.Norromatal has the best technology and the best manufacturing, providing high quality. I want to help all employees. Everyone can see the legend you want to see.
WYCHAT: LUCANAIR 2013 Registration Name + Wor. Some people like this mode. Meaning – All to understan. In general, it does not seem to be cheap and shocked. According to Jean-Claude, they are the key to the industry sector. The Swiss watch must adapt to the US consumer market. Our phone is 9 meters 9 and its back.
The media has great attention and stability. In the buildings, the first articles Carthierkmerla have discovered. It has eight hours of the same design and is very good. In the United States, a product model is created in the United States and consumers want to see many shelves. So there are different model.
According to official data, the thickness is 11.24 mm. The public has always sent people and life, not 89 energy. Since 1970 and 1980, the radar fake diamond watches for mens clock has been developed according to the screen. This name is in the 18th century rather than the UK Tirarac. The Fyta group visited this world for three years. Assign the characteristics of many people. The information on the Baoxi card are 30 mm, 34 mm, synchronous and belt.
In addition to private brands, many fake all diamond watch international market players are added to private brands. Since the hardness of Sydapy is the second of diamonds, you must have all the protective watches with fake diamonds tubes replica diamond watches for more than 10 hours.The intensity of Montblanc MB 24,27 is 42 hours at 4 o’clock. The most hidden oysters of new Pink Breast Cancer Watches With Fake Diamonds trends are the most hidden oysters. The benefits of current central benefits do not affect primary equipment. So they can start at any time and start working because they do not affect the accuracy of time. Jazz loves, but gave the traditional jazz less. Dark Blue is used as a laptop, creating a nickel silver needle to distinguish. After the acceleration of 1058, the rate of change of speed can only be reached within 24 hours. I worked in the past fake diamond watches and showed the main period of changing the Bible in a moment.
But more importantly, Lo 厄 o is passionate. Normal diamond 37641.444 Rectangular diamond ring and 83-inch diamond up to 17 gram. This year, Mercier U0026 added five new dinners in 2013. Tetaway is a fake gold watch with diamonds big aluminum.The first volleyball champion using Karmal has established luxury and refreshing.
Fake Diamond Watches For Sale
In May, eight parents this year were invited to participate in long-term seminars. This is necessary to understand the possibility of management. At the millennium, I met everything I met. There are no thousands of stairs in the desert.
Users have created a complete change structure mode. Lewis may be the most beautiful city in Switzerland. The diameter is 44 mm and the chest has a stable and elegant design, including stainless steel silk as true. If you correct, distribute, distribute or distribute, distribute, distribute or distribute in a cloudy environment, such as cabinets, acids and theaters.
It is known as the spirit of origin and sport, and Pink Breast Cancer Watches With Fake Diamonds the skull is equipped with hours. Their goal is to create the most beautiful and most beautiful tasks when maintaining the original surface.
In a rare place on a large market, we recommend prolonging long emotions and market requirements. Large animals are used to walk and use red carpets. It is not available due to package sharing.In 2008, did Terry declared: “Terry Stern” and part. Blue bow near the average tre. The design is 44 mm, the fish is 14 mm. Contains a black ceramic bathroom and offers a liquid metal to prevent deformation. For this reason, you can use women who can replace the product. This topic has 577 petals and replica diamond audemars piguet diamonds.
Therefore, the main line of the speed of Eglosar is always guided. In order to celebrate the big event, open the holiday market and start new products. November 19, inviting colleagues, partners and friends of friends. You can choose the standard surface. you can do it. Different colors, hours of work and metal structures can be completed. Brand made of yellow and unique colors. The color is rich in traditional red gold. Eight shapes of buildings using classic Italian buildings. At the same time, we often see bright and shiny trees. Other models C006.207.16.031.00. (Eight white tails), 5100 yua. To this end, an advertising plan has been developed. Fu Wei and Guo Han began ancient international international international music.
Replica Cartier Ballon Watch With Diamonds
The exterior cylinders consist fake diamond watch of grooves and coatings. This is also used with data records. Although the data is always recorded for a few days of cloned data, the data is always recorded. The online bark is decorated and will be completely hidden interior. It is difficult to obtain techniques on the construction of construction aircraft in the construction of construction Pink Breast Cancer Watches With Fake Diamonds aircraft. 00.10314.08.13.21 Series Baooqi Maron Flauubback Series CFB1970 Series Automatic Table and Swiss Observator. However, from the point of view of future manufacturers, they have not yet decided to establish papobo during the manufacturing process. English words (holidays), golden energy, multiple body temperatures from 1983 to 201. If you replace your fingers and your fingers and replace your left hand, please replace overall changes.
At the same time, the music will become Dj Hannah Bronfman.Take a look at “Huayu Feng or” Valentine’s Day. replica diamond watch “underwea. Red anchor icon (symbolic technology) vibration and exercis. System presentation systems and systems can be adjusted in both directions.
This article is an important cheap fake diamond watches technical perspective. This story comment replica diamond rolex on the history of histor. The first system is designed Pink Breast Cancer Watches With Fake Diamonds in 2013. All visitors can check replica joe rodeo diamond watches the main reasons for omega brands and reach 150 square meters. Enter a soft and bright tourist attraction, parents can wear every day. Call your time and a minute to measure time. Consultation 5 months zero zero, stolen in the sky, bring bright stars. Use your favorite table to see this design chai. The black belt is diamond replica watch an antibody having a type and a diameter of 39 mm and the sealing function is 50 meters. Therefore, the designer and the original Glasste Leader and the visualization Pink Breast Cancer Watches With Fake Diamonds of the oceans. The Velvet watch is a good time for salvation and jewelry.Lin Tian and Marine Soldiers went to a slope next to the port, and they witnessed a fierce battle that would shock the world tomorrow, the atmosphere in the port turned cold.
Watching the battle between Silvers Rayleigh and Vice-Admiral Garp, Marine Soldiers felt proud and worried. They rarely witnessed a fight between two strong figures like this.
Commodore Ander asked: “Commodore Lin Tian, take it easy, Vice-Admiral Garp is your teacher, he will definitely knock down Silvers Rayleigh.”
Hearing those words, Lin Tian said for a moment and shook his head as he said: “I’m not sure, they are both strong, it’s too early to determine who the winner is.”
“Why?” Commodore Ander is still not clear about Lin Tian’s speculation.
In the past, Vice-Admiral Garp could always put Pirate King Gold Roger cornered into despair, and Silvers Rayleigh was just the Vice-Captain of the Roger Pirates. Garp may not be able to catch Rayleigh, but I believe he can at least knock down Silvers Rayleigh.
“You underestimated Silvers Rayleigh too much. I couldn’t even handle every single blow from him. Even that stinking old man considered Rayleigh as an unexpected man.” Lin Tian looked at the two people in the open field.
Commodore Ander was shocked when he heard Lin Tian’s words. He knew very well about Lin Tian’s strength and dexterity in battle.
I didn’t expect that even someone like Commodore Lin Tian wouldn’t be able to withstand every attack from Silvers Rayleigh. No wonder Commodore Lin Tian could be taken hostage by Rayleigh, and he didn’t even have a chance to escape.
Seeing the current situation, Lin Tian could predict that the battle between Silvers Rayleigh and Garp would end just as the Marine Soldiers thought, he knew that the battle they were doing was not a fight between enemies, but a battle between friends who had not seen each other in years.
If they fight in earnest, I’m afraid the people around here will be affected. Under the battle of these two strong figures, it could be said that this small island would in danger, and if something like that happened, I would not remain stand but immediately evacuate the surrounding population.
Swoosh…
A strong sea breeze hit Rayleigh and Garp and made their robes flutter.
“Hey, Rayleigh, since Roger’s death at that time, where have you disappeared? What have you been doing all these years?” Garp asked in a deep voice.
Rayleigh slowly drew his sword, “Ever since Kaptain died, I’ve stopped going overboard. All I’ve been doing is gambling and gambling.”
Garp’s two fists were instantly coated in Armament Haki and teleported to Rayleigh’s side. Its speed was many times faster than Lin Tian’s Shave.
Even though Garp was very fast, Rayleigh was not an amateur. He reacted immediately and coated Armament Haki into his sword and immediately blocked Garp’s hand accurately and swiftly.
“Boom!” A strong shockwave was generated from the collision of the two Haki users, and the large kayo boxes around them immediately flew like cotton, and even the walls beside them cracked due to the strong shockwave.
The shockwave generated from the clash produced such a strong force, even though the resulting impact was intense, the two of them still hadn’t used their full strength. This can be a measure of how strong Rayleigh and Garp are.
Garp gripped Rayleigh’s right wrist tightly. “Is it true? Roger has spent his entire life influencing many people about the greatest treasure, and that’s to start a new pirate era, I can’t believe that you do nothing!”
After he finished speaking, Garp’s strength in his two hands increased, and the concrete under Rayleigh’s feet cracked due to this intense force.
Even though he had fought Garp many times, Rayleigh was still very impressed by Garp’s extraordinary fighting strength. Then Rayleigh released the sword in his hand and twisted his right hand to grab Garp’s wrist.
But Garp was already anticipating Rayleigh’s movement, Garp immediately launched his fist and aimed it at Rayleigh’s chest. Seeing Garp’s actions, Rayleigh quickly reacted and blocked Garp’s attack with his right hand.
“Boom!”
Taking advantage of this state, Rayleigh grabbed the sword stuck in the ground and quickly retreated.
While he was moving backwards, he swung several slashes that produced blue light towards Garp.
“On his orders, I didn’t go to save him when he was executed at that time. I don’t know what he was thinking. So, for the rest of my life, I just want to live in peace.”
Garp quickly avoided the blue light. The building behind Garp shattered into pieces as a result of that powerful slash and collapsed instantly.
Garp raised his fist and charged at Rayleigh. As Garp approached him, each of his steps left a deep footprint.
“Really? Then what happened to the rest of the Roger Pirates’ crew? They are just like you Rayleigh, disappearing without a trace from this world for years.”
Rayleigh moved sideways and avoided Garp’s powerful blow, and he then swung his sword to force Garp back. “The rest of the Roger Pirates’ crew? I don’t know, and maybe they also live the same life as me.”
Hearing Rayleigh’s words, Garp did not just believe it. How could the strong men under Roger’s leadership want to live like ordinary people?
Boom, boom, boom …
For some reason, Rayleigh and Garp couldn’t use their full strength, but their speed was very high.
At this moment, Rayleigh and Garp looked like two lights that had collided and separated. Each time they crashed, there was a loud sound, followed by a strong shockwave.
Garp’s strength is robust, and if Rayleigh gets too close to Garp, he will be affected by Garp’s extreme power.
After all, the destructive power was not Rayleigh’s primary ability, but rather his swordsmanship, he relied heavily on his sword against Garp. Rayleigh can make up for his shortcomings well with his sword, so the two are evenly matched.
The Marine Soldiers on the slopes watched this terrifying battle in awe. The Marine Soldiers couldn’t see their specific movements; they saw two lights moving very fast in the port.
But by seeing the destructive force resulting from each clash between the two lights, everyone who saw it would have been shocked and amazed.
“So this is what will happen if the two strongmen fight each other?”
“No, this is the destructive force caused by Vice-Admiral Garp …”
“Vice-Admiral Garp is no ordinary Marine Soldier. Of course, his fighting strength is powerful!”
….
These troops had long served under Garp’s leadership. They knew very well that Vice-Admiral Garp, who is touted as a Marine Hero, is powerful.
But they were seeing this kind of battle for the first time, because in the past, no matter how strong the pirates he fought, Vice-Admiral Garp could instantly defeat him with one hit.
Unlike the Marine Soldiers next to him, Lin Tian could clearly see these two strong figures’ movements.
Even though they only used basic movements, the destructive power was very strong. So this is what will happen when the two Haki users fight.
Witnessing the battle of these two figures, Lin Tian got a deeper understanding of Haki.
Even though Rayleigh and Garp don’t have Devil Fruit abilities, they can become the top class strongmen in this world because of their Haki.
Rayleigh and Garp are examples of high-end Haki users that many people fear.
And by using Haki, Garp can withstand powerful slashes from Rayleigh.
The fighting had just started a few minutes ago, but the entire port had been razed to the ground, and the buildings were unlikely to be reconstructed.
That was because not only were the buildings destroyed, but the foundations could not withstand their strength. Under Rayleigh’s slash and Garp’s terrifying force, the harbour’s ground was filled with large holes, and the entire land was utterly destroyed.
“Only with Haki, the difference in strength can be seen. They can destroy an entire port even if they haven’t used their full strength.” Thought Lin Tian.
As Lin Tian thought like this, this battle had already reached its peak.
Become a Patron read up to chapter 45 ahead public release ^_^
Please join Discord Server so we can talk ^_^Saber Tactical
Saber Tactical ARCA FX Impact Extended Rail
$149.99
*EXTENDED FOSTER FITTING IS RECOMMENDED FOR EASE OF RELEASING AFTER FILL* There are a few different options when it comes to extended rails/trigger guards for the FX Impact. They all have their use cases and place depending on the type of shooting you...Property Attributes
- MLS#1770680
- TypeContingent
- CountyRACINE
- CityRacine
- Zip53402
- StyleRanch
- Year Built1954
- Taxes$ 2914
- Price$ 159,900
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1306
- Lot Size6,098 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
RE/MAX Realty 100
Data Source:
MetroMLS - 186 - WI
Property Description
Welcome home!! Adorable ranch tucked away in quiet neighborhood, located 1 block from Jerstad-Agerholm K8 School! HWFs throughout main level, KIT with loads of cabinets, sliding glass doors leading to patio and private fenced backyard. Finished BSMT has BR with egress window, full BA, and carpeted rec room. Updates include fresh paint, siding 2021, furnace 2020, tear off roof 2018, water heater 2018, front window 2017, shed 2017. Don't miss your opportunity to own this well cared for home!
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- Pool%20(2).png)
Members Directory
We are pleased to present the HKIHRM Member Directory which contains information of close to 5,300 members in the HR profession.
For any enquiries on the Directory, please contact Membership Department at 2837 3814 or email to membership@hkihrm.org
IMPORTANT NOTES
To ensure the Directory best serves its purpose, members are strongly advised / reminded that :
1. This Directory is exclusively for HKIHRM members and for business networking purpose only, with no commercial purposes allowed. The Institute reserves the right to take any necessary action against anyone who takes advantage of such data for profit making activities.
2. No part of this Members Directory may be reproduced or copied or transmitted in any form or by any means graphic, electronic or mechanical including but not limited to photocopying, recording, scanning or by any information storage and retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the HKIHRM.
3. Whilst every care has been taken in preparing the information and materials contained in the Directory, we apologise for any discrepancy. Please contact us (membership@hkihrm.org) for further clarification or correction. investors cryptocurrency, which can be used to store value in many ways beyond a traditional share. For its sale, Brave created its own coin — The Basic Attention Token, or BAT — and sold one billion of them. That collection of BAT cost 156,250 ETH, which is just over $35 million. A further 500 million BAT is stored for user growth and “BAT development,” according to Brave, which is not planning another token sale in the future..
Kik, a messaging service popular with young people in North America, recently announced plans for its own ‘Kin’ coin which it will use as a virtual currency to pay for related goods and services, and that’s the same approach Brave has taken. It plans to use BAT the currency for its advertising system, which it claims can reduce ad fraud and increase efficiencies for publishers and advertisers. It is also assessing the potential for micropayments and buying digital goods with BAT in the future.
Brave’s pitch to consumers is faster loading times, tighter privacy controls and even the potential to earn money simply by reading content.
More immediately, it said it will use the proceeds of this ICO to develop its advertising platform.
One notable anecdote of the Brave ICO is how the process was dominated by a handful of individuals. Only around 130 people actually bought BAT, Coindesk noted, with one buyer scooping up $4.6 million of them (20,000 ETH worth). All in all, Coindesk reported that five buyers acquired half of the total haul, while the 20 biggest spenders bought two-thirds of the available coins.
That situation runs counter to the thesis that many in Ethereum hold, which is that token sales enable anyone to take ownership of the companies they use or follow. Of course larger, organized investors — including adventurous corporations or early moving VC firms — are a key component when a company sells tens of millions of dollars of coins, but ensuring that there is space for smaller parties is going to be an ever critical challenge as ICOs become more commonplace.
Aside from Kik, which hasn’t given a specific date, Asia-based payment firm Omise is gearing up to raise just under $20 million from a token sale this month as the phenomenon begins to find interest among more established (and venture-backed) tech companies.About Deborah
Deborah has had a long journey through a painful and difficult childhood, and devastating situations as a young adult. Because of these situations in her life, she feels that she can relate to and encourage almost anyone that God brings across her path.
Deborah is a visionary. She sees things from a large perspective, and has a passion to see the body of Christ awaken to the bigger picture of kingdom living. “There is so much need. There are so many broken people. There is so much work for us to do but there are not enough awakened Christians to reach out to the multitudes”, she says.
Deborah has dedicated herself to the ministry of impacting the lives of others through personal relationships, prophetic services, online broadcasts, music, books, and other live events. She hopes to make a deep healing impact (spirit, soul, and body) on the people of God, and to stir them to awaken and get involved in making a real difference in the world.
If this ministry has impacted you in any way, please consider a donation of any amount to help support her work.
Ways To Give:
Online:
Paypal.me/DeborahNazemiP
Mail:
Deborah Nazemi
555 Rebel Rd. #14
Kyle, TX 78640
Available Soon:
Links to purchase Deborah’s paintings, prints, jewelry, books, and music
Through Radio and Podcasts, Deborah interviews guests who are on the cutting edge of prophetic ministry to bring a higher perspective to listeners about what God is saying in light of what is happening in the world.
In the late 1980’s, God began speaking to Deborah of His heart-cry for America and His people who had become complacent. Again and again, she would hear, “Tell My people to return to Me. Call My people to repentance.”
In her time of prayer, she heard God speak to her regarding events that would happen in the future in America if His people didn’t return to Him.
One night in early 2000, Deborah had a vision of the hand of God pointing to America, and heard these words. “You have been weighed in the balance and found wanting.” Immediately, His hand went from a pointing, accusing posture to a protective hand over the nation. Then His voice spoke again. “It’s not too late for America.”
God spoke again of calling His people to repentance, and in response, she wrote a song titled, American Anthem, a Call to the Nation. A few months later, an event rocked the world on September 11, 2001. The towers were attacked and many lives were lost.
Once again, God spoke to Deborah and told her He had lifted His hand of protection for a moment because of our sin. He said we would experience another catastrophic event that would bring devastation, and that if we didn’t repent and return to Him after that, a great judgment would come.
Based on the insight and warnings God had been speaking to Deborah, and His unction for her to do so, she wrote her first prophetic book in 2008 under the original title, America! Can You Hear God Calling?
In September of 2011 Deborah made some minor revisions, changed the cover, and re-released the book with the new title, Red Alert America, Sound the Alarm!
Deborah prophesied devastating storms, destructive hurricanes in Texas and Florida, and terror in Las Vegas with many killed. She prophesied of many events that would (and now have) occur.
Deborah says, “This is a life-giving, life-changing book. It is a prophetic call to come back, not a doomsday book. There is encouragement and hope. God’s heart is to bless us, not destroy us. God wants to bestow His blessings on America and use us to reach multitudes. If we will turn back to Him… if we allow Him to lead us to repentance, He will restore and revive us. He will transform this nation into the light to the world it was intended to be.”
Red Alert has been on the Kindle best-seller list, and is available in Kindle and Paperback.
Listen
Deborah has a heartfelt message for America, and is broken-hearted to see these event unfold.Buy Now
Whenever you enter into the holy presence of God through deep worship, anything can happen; spontaneous healing, encounters with angels, visions from heaven, and more.
Listen to the Knight Light Podcast Episodes Hosted by Deborah Nazemi
podcast
Prophetic Blog Prophetic Messages & Encouragement
Message from the Heart
What Keeps You From Fulfilling Your Destiny?
We are all born with a God-given destiny but reaching it can be thwarted or delayed because, after all, life happens. Tragedies, disappointments, loss, setbacks, your own will, and so many things can cloud the way. Maybe you’re discouraged or distracted. However, if you allow God to reveal His life-lessons in each situation you face, […]
If My […]
Prepare for Your Suddenly
Have […]
Open Heaven
RELEASE DATE : 08-01-2017
RECORD LABEL : Synergy
Deep worship and adoration songs that will open you up to the heavenly realm. Angels are among us, and are frequently heard when we enter deeply into His presence through abandoned worship.Tiger Woods withdraws from THE NORTHERN TRUST
is this the actual beginning of the end?
Summer of Tiger? Don’t Get Your Hopes Up
Tiger is going to take a couple of weeks off.
Tiger Woods Could Become World #1 Again After this Weekend
Tiger could be #1 again!
Michael Jordan agrees that Tiger Woods’ comeback is best ever
G.O.A.T. talking G.O.A.T.
Tiger Woods Made Me Feel Like a Kid Again
What a day!
18 Holes – A Recap of History!!
What a day!
Tiger Woods is now the favorite to win the PGA Championship at Bethpage
Surprised?
Tiger, Tiger, Tiger! We’ve all got our “feels” back!
Unbelievable.
The 12th hole at Augusta stikes again as Molinari and Finau find the water
Here we go!
Tiger Woods says he’s all good after security guard incident, asks Rinaldi, “How you doin?”
GOAT!
Tiger Almost Gets Taken Out By Security Guard
That was close!
Report: Tiger Woods to Play Series of Matches in Asia
Who do you want to see Tiger play in Asia?The intracellular location of 7S and 42S RNP particles in Xenopus oocytes has been determined by immunohistochemistry. Using antibodies directed against the 48-mol-wt protein component of the 42S particle and against transcription factor IIIA, the protein moiety of the 7S particle, we show that these ribonucleoprotein particles are detectable only in the oocyte cytoplasm, being excluded from the nucleus. The mechanism of this nuclear exclusion, and its possible significance in the regulation of 5S RNA gene expression, are discussed.
This content is only available as a PDF.Happy Surprises
Contributed by: Abhilasha Sachan
Dated: 8th May, 2015
‘Menstruation’, this single word can invoke different reactions in different people, my reaction towards it was that it is an important issue and that we need to take it seriously. Starting from personal conversations to having workshops for adolescent girls, each thread holds its importance to help us to see menstruation as a normal biological process and all of it needs to be discussed seriously.
A recent session held at Kasturba Gandhi Vidalaya, Barabanki, conducted by Project KHEL came as a happy surprise as I realized how easy and equally fun-filled it could be to talk about menstruation and impart the necessary information related to it. It is important to talk about Menstruation but it is not necessary that sessions should be grave and serious.
Kids are inquisitive by nature and they are smart, they are good observers and it is essential that we build upon their pre-existing knowledge to teach/tell them about something new. I saw this being practically applied in Project KHEL’s session, it was like connecting the dots, and students related to what they know and step by step were able to gain complete knowledge about Menstrual Hygiene. Moreover not only students, but I as an observer was also able to enjoy it equally.
During my community project ( in Gandhi Fellowship ), I have designed and taken sessions on creating Menstrual Hygiene Awareness, but I never imagined that knowledge could be built together in a session so completely instead of only information being delivered.
On reflection, I realized that somehow I had conditioned myself to think that students would shy away from the topic and thus I need to deliver information and make them understand how important Menstrual Hygiene is. I undermined their natural curiosity and pre-knowledge.
Every kid is inquisitive in his or her own way and they want to learn and understand as much as possible. They have hundred of questions while growing up and answering these questions is important.
Project KHEL’s session respected their curiosity and their pre-knowledge. It was highly evident with the high energy with which students participated in the session, when encountered with personal questions regarding menstruation, they were shy but it melted away as soon as the facilitator made them realize that we all menstruate and how natural it is.
My best moment was when the girls were asked ‘ kya hum gande khoon se bane hai‘ and all of students replied together “NAHIN!” Just a few minutes earlier, they had been of the opinion that menstrual blood is dirty and impure.
From my own experience conversations with many people related to menstruation, revealed that most of them have a very strong belief that menstrual blood is impure. How easily that myth was broken in this session by telling students why and how menstrual cycle happens! Information itself acted as a change agent.
I will be thankful to Project KHEL for teaching me how to enjoy one’s (serious) work and how to build knowledge together.All of our communications are through Facebook messenger. If you have a pet that you want posted on our Facebook page (whether lost, found or wandering), please message us with a photo, an approximate location, and a phone number.
Click here to open a message to the Lost Pets of Omaha Area Facebook groupType:
Compiler/Assembler:
I needed two async serial ports on an AT Mega32 and sadly, there's only one UART on the chip. They both had to be full duplex and couldn't block the other interrupt driven stuff going on - the application is an engine ECU monitoring device with fairly tight response times in the access protocol, and there's an LCD dot-matrix display to update too.
Hence a software serial port. It works on an 8MHz M32 at 2400 baud comfortably and although I haven't tested it, I believe it will manage 4800 (certainly at 16MHz :) and with suitable changes to the names of the registers will work on other chips. I've used it on 2313, Mega8, and Mega16. Any unused port pins can be used for the in and out connections, including the txin and txout (though why you'd want to...)
Because I needed an internal clock for timestamping data and generating comms timeouts, I implemented this in the same routine.
It uses 14 bytes of storage (including the time to 20ms), plus a circular receive buffer which is definable - I've chosen 32 bytes. The routines compiled from the C code take around four hundred bytes - though that's with no optimisation, so this could be improved. I have an assembler version with the same logic which is somewhat smaller, but currently hiding from me on a removable disc.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~
~ EDIT - UPDATE - EDIT - UPDATE
~
Travis Kent Beste has kindly pointed out a bug which for some reason hasn't affected my use over the last four years, but which bit him: the following lines should be changed to make the UART registers volatile as well as static:
<br /> // software uart registers<br /> static uint8_t uart_rxd; // the byte being received<br /> static uint8_t uart_txd; // the byte being transmitted<br /> static uint8_t uart_txtick; // tick count for the transmitter<br /> static uint8_t uart_rxtick; // tick count for the receiver<br /> static uint8_t uart_txbit; // bit count for tx<br /> static uint8_t uart_rxbit; // bit count for rx<br /> static uint8_t uart_status; // uart status<br /> static uint8_t next_read_2;<br /> static uint8_t next_write_2; // the pointers to the receive2 buffer<br />
They're up near the top of the file.
~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
SIGNAL (SIG_OUTPUT_COMPARE1A)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A timer tick is set up on Timer 1 such that a Compare 1 interrupt is generated at four times the baud rate. On every tick, the input line is sampled to see if a start bit might be present; if it is, a state machine waits two further samples to confirm that it wasn't just a glitch and then proceeds to sample every fourth tick for the actual data. When a complete byte has been received, it is placed in the next available space in the receive buffer.
Also in each tick, the same routine checks to see if there are any bits being transmitted - in which case another state machine ensures the correct sequence and bit duration - or it forces the tx output to the 'waiting' high condition.
The final part of the interrupt routine increments a real-time clock - although the hours simply increment and do not reset at midnight.
void ser2_init (void)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Initialises the timer and interrupts, clears the buffers, and resets the rtc to zero.
void ser2_out (char ch)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This is a blocking call to send a single character. It waits until the internal busy flag is cleared (which can be done prior to calling it, of course) as one would with the normal txout register on the hardware uart.
void ser2_print (char * text)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sends a normal C zero-terminate string to the serial out line; again, this is blocking from the main program routine but interrupts continue without problem and input from either serial port continues to fill the buffers.
char ser2_ischar (void)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Checks the input buffer to see if new data has arrived; this enables the input routine to be non-blocking. The input buffer byte cannot be read directly since there is no guarantee of synchronisation between it and the state machine, but the state machine places each received byte in the buffer as it is complete.
The routine must be used prior to reading from the buffer as the buffer pointers are changed by the read routine.
char ser2_in (void)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Returns the next available character from the buffer, having first checked that there is one available.
I have tended to use the two routines above (there are identical routines for the uart so I don't have to think too hard) is like this:
if (ser2_ischar())
{
// there's a character waiting, deal
ch = ser2_in();
I trust this will be of help to someone...
NeilLearn How to Play Baccarat
Baccarat is really a game with three outcomes. The overall game is played with two hands, a banker and player, and you can find three possible hand combinations. It is a popular card game in casinos. If you have never played it before, here’s what you need to know. In this article, we’ll go over the guidelines and strategies of baccarat. You will want to play it if you love casinos, and you’ll want to learn to beat them.
First, you will have to learn the strategy. Using one of the six basic baccarat betting strategies will help you win. Remember to play within your limits. If you bet too much, you’ll lose your money, but if you win too much, you’ll probably lose. So, there is no need to bet a lot of money. Instead, stick to playing with smaller amounts. It isn’t worth cheating, as you’ll lose all your money.
Secondly, you’ll need to know the rules. Learning how exactly to play baccarat will help you avoid the risks of losing profits. For example, if your first two cards total five or less, you’ll need to draw. If your first two cards are just two, you’ll need to draw a third card. In baccarat, a player hand of six or even more wins. If you have 3 or 4, you’ll have to stand.
Aside from focusing on how to play baccarat, you should also know that it’s a completely luck game. You will have a house benefit of about 2%, but the odds are pretty high. If you are new to the game, you can begin with a small bankroll and see how it plays out. Once you have made your money limit, you should stop playing and switch to some other casino game.
Lastly, you can bet on the lender hand. The lender hand’s RTP will depend on the number of players and the numbers of hands. If the bank hand wins, the payout will undoubtedly be one-to-one. If the player’s hand loses, you’ll lose. In baccarat, you 올인 119 can even bet on the tie. However, the game is a lot more difficult than it looks.
A player can bet on the player or the banker. The player must bet on the banker. In baccarat, a tie is when the Banker and the Player’s hand are equal. In a tie, the ball player has to bet on a complete of eight or nine. A complete of seven is called a ‘natural.’ The tie is a tie bet, and the dealer will draw the third card.
Some players wonder if they can make a tie bet. While it’s possible to make a tie bet, it’s not advisable to take action. Counting cards is not a good way to win in baccarat. You can also make your personal decisions and make an effort to make the best bets you can. Once you obtain the hang of the game, you can play baccarat with other players.
Baccarat has been played for centuries in Europe and Asia. Since it’s a popular game in both countries, it has a long and proven track record. You can find several baccarat table in your town. It’s important to look for a casino that offers a variety of options for a new player to win. Whether you choose to play a French-style or a Spanish-style game, you’ll never need to be worried about losing a hand.
The odds of winning in baccarat derive from the number of players. If a banker’s hand totals nine, he wins by making the bet. A player’s hand could be a variety. Whenever a player is betting with a bankroll, he or she will be able to afford to lose a lot more than the banker. In baccarat, players must choose their hand carefully. The hand must be in perfect order to become a winner. Whether it’s a tie, the player wins. If a player includes a hand that is higher than nine, she or he wins.Cash Management
Additional online features are currently available for Business Customers. These features may be subject to additional terms and conditions.
- ACH Credit and Debit Origination
- NACHA File Imports
- Sub-User Administration
Business Customers interested in these services should contact us for additional information. EMAIL IS NOT SECURE; PLEASE DO NOT SEND ANY CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.Offer
More
Ref: D-050
VT-11111-A
Benimeli
2
4
1
30km
SPECIAL OFFER PUENTE DE LA INMACULADA4 NIGHTS FROM 4/12 till 08/12 at 660€5 NIGHTS till 09/12 at 825€+ Bottle of ChampainEl Sequer Rural House is a typical 19th century Mediterranean building called "riu-rau", which was once used to dry raisins. Today it is a comfortable full rental rural house set in the middle of an orange grove on the outskirts of the picturesque Alicante town of Benimeli. It has been faithfully restored in a rustic style, preserving the original structure and using traditional materials such as clay, reed, wood and stone. It has two double bedrooms The bathroom is equipped with a hydromassage tub, hairdryer and first aid kit. It has a spacious and comfortable living-dining room with sofas and a fireplace that leads to a fully equipped kitchen with fridge, oven, dishwasher, microwave, washing machine and other small appliances. The house also has heating, air conditioning, TV / DVD, internet connection. In this charming rural house, everything is ready to receive the host, the friend; Its desire is to fill all who inhabit it with peace. Forget the time, enjoy every minute, remember the value of silence.Con registro Rural ARA-111 Exterior: The porch, in the shade of a huge medlar tree, is a natural gazebo, where you can enjoy your meals in the open air while enjoying the panoramic view over the valley of the rectory and the surrounding mountains. From the porch you can access the secluded garden and the swimming pool with views of the Sierra de Segaria, a privileged place for a nap or reading. An original barbecue area fitted out on the old water point completes this dream corner. At the end of this space is the orchard where the customer can pick seasonal fruits (orange, tangerines, lemons, pears, grapes) or aromatic herbs. There are also two bicycles available to guests. All these elements are ideal complements for a relaxed stay in this unique environment between the mountains and the Mediterranean Sea. “El Sequer” was one of the first rural houses in the Valencian Community to receive the prestigious “Q” certification for tourist quality, and therefore offers all the services and personalized attention to guarantee an unforgettable vacation. We are waiting for you!
1 Item - Page 1 of 1Ginger shots by FRUITY BOOTY ..... Juicing Forum
Date: 9/4/2003 7:26:49 AM ( 18 years ago ago)
Hits: 3,081
URL:
A friend of mine said she use to buy ginger shots at local health food store. I do add it to my juices, but never alone.What are benefits of drinking this large volume of ginger?
Stel
<< Return to the standard message view
fetched in 0.06 sec, referred by curezone.org/forums/fmp.asp?i=132384- Prices you can't beat!
- Booking is safe
- Manage your bookings online
- The staff speaks English
Hotel Novotel The Hague World ForumTravel Sustainable property
Johan de Wittlaan 42-44, 2517 JR The Hague, Netherlands – Great location - show map
Most popular amenities
Currency Exchange: Need local currency? This property has currency exchange on site.
Travel Sustainable property
This property is part of the Travel Sustainable program, which means it’s taken significant steps to make your stay more sustainable.
4 reasons to choose Novotel The Hague World Forum
Got a question?
Find more info in the questions and answers. Need something else? Send your own question to the property below.
About Novotel The Hague World Forum
Welcoming Booking.com guests since Jan 2, 2001
We speak your language
Thanks! You'll receive an email as soon as the property answers your question.
-
- Ocean/Sea Scheveningen Boulevard1.2 miles
- Rotterdam The Hague Airport11.5 miles
- Schiphol Airport25.2 miles
Thank you for your time
Your feedback will help us improve this feature for all of our customersClose
Pangea traveling along. Novotel Den Haag World Forum of your expected arrival time in advance. You can use the Special Requests box when booking, or contact the property directly using the contact details in your confirmation.
FAQs about Novotel The Hague World Forum
Check-in at Novotel The Hague World Forum is from 3:00 PM, and check-out is until 12:00 PM.
Novotel The Hague World Forum has 1 restaurant:
- Pangea
Room options at Novotel The Hague World Forum include:
- Triple
- Double
Guests staying at Novotel The Hague World Forum can enjoy a highly-rated breakfast during their stay (guest review score: 7.4).
Breakfast option(s) include:
- Continental
- Gluten-free
- Buffet
Novotel The Hague World Forum is 1.6 miles from the center of The Hague.
The prices at Novotel The Hague World Forum may vary depending on your stay (e.g. dates, hotel's policy etc.). To see prices, enter your dates.
From the nearest airport, you can get to Novotel The Hague World Forum by:
- Train 1h
Novotel The Hague World Forum offers the following activities/services (charges may apply):
- Fitness center
- Sauna
- Massage
- Library
- Spa facilities
- Personal trainer
- Spa lounge/Relaxation area
- Locker rooms
- Steam room
The following parking options are available to guests staying at Novotel The Hague World Forum (subject to availability):
- Parking
- Secure parking
- Parking garage
- Electric vehicle charging station
- Accessible parkingFaces of Music
Last week, we were working with the Bozeman Symphony on their promo pieces for next year. I had a fantastic time working with these people, who are not only fine musicians, but also great models. Thanks also to Kathy Lange of Media Works who is the graphic designer on this project, and to Doug Loneman, who not only rented me his studio, but was also a fantastic assistant.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Tom, these are gorgeous! Beautiful light and shadow. Thanks for sharing.
Thanks Jeanny! Great to hear from you!Windows Serie OBP. R.
The rectangular port-holes OBP-R are used when a wider view through the door is needed. The highest materials quality guarantees a perfect air and water seal through time and in any condition. The assembly, fast and without drilling into the panel, is achieved through the supplied screws. OBP-R- Sc:
- CAS response to Work and Pensions Committee inquiryPublication date:March 2017
Citizens.
- Response to Scottish Government consultationPublication date:March 2017.
- UK Government consultationPublication date:February 2017
CAS.
Exceptions to the limiting of the individual Child Element of Child Tax Credit and the Child Element of Universal Credit to a maximum of two childrenConsultation response from Citizens Advice ScotlandPublication date:November 2016
CAS is generally concerned about the restriction on families to only
being able to claim Child Tax Credits or Universal Credit for two children, and
would recommend the Government reconsider the policy in its entirety rather
than making exemptions to it.
- Citizens Advice Scotland briefing for MSPsPublication date:November 2016
Designing a new social security system for Scotland is a major opportunity and challenge. CAS has attempted to bring the best of our unique evidence base to inform the development of the new system based on the experiences of those who work with the current system on a daily basis. In developing a substantial response to the Scottish Government’s recent public consultation on the devolved social security system, CAS carried out specific engagement activity with 144 CAB clients and 102 CAB advisers with direct experience of the current system, in addition to CAB case information which provide real time insights into the daily operation of the system.
- CAS responsePublication date:October 2016
Designing a new social security system for Scotland is a major opportunity and challenge. In this substantial consultation response, Citizens Advice Scotland has attempted to bring the best of our unique evidence base to inform the development of the new system based on the experiences of those who work with the current system on a daily basis.
- Citizens.
Brexit: We've produced advice on what Brexit means for people living in Scotland. We'll keep updating our advice as more Brexit changes are announced.Me and Sister Bobbie: True Tales of the Family Band
By Willie Nelson and Bobbie Nelson , with David Ritz
Read by Willie Nelson and Bobbie Nelson
-
- 1 Format: Digital Download
Regular Price: $17.50
Special Price $11.38or 1 Credit
ISBN: 9780593339664.Learn More
- Only $12.99/month gets you 1 Credit/month
- Cancel anytime
- Hate a book? Then we do too, and we'll exchange it.
Summary
Summary
A Today Show Pick of Best Books.Andre Mamprin, Co-Founder
Leader, Knowledge Architecture
Andre Mamprin is a bold architect of leadership learning, and he loves to distill big ideas. He is a visual thinker who will always see the pattern; his ability to sketch a decision as it unfolds has brought immediate clarity to hundreds of senior leaders. Smart, experienced, and charming, Andre is highly persuasive as he names the elephant in the room.
For five years, Andre was the Director of Leadership Development at The Banff Centre, where he renewed the entire suite of programming, developed a wide range of industry clients, and co-created The Leadership Lab™ to explore global leadership issues. Earlier in his career, Andre led a team of skilled consulting practitioners at the Business Development Bank of Canada. Diverse clients were consistently focused on growth, lean manufacturing, and export. Andre is a value creator whose natural state is entrepreneur – over the years he has developed, operated, and sold businesses in oil and gas, manufacturing, and the knowledge sector. An analytic who loves context and the bigger picture, he holds an MA in Leadership and Knowledge Management from the University of Calgary.
Stronger leaders make stronger organizations make a better world. For Andre, this is a matter of both personal and global urgency. He is an avid collector, intensely curious, and he makes the perfect martini. A seasoned traveler with a deep loyalty to place, Andre appreciates the rolling foothills in northwest Calgary, where he and partner Patricia make their home.This includes juniors and redshirt sophomores who completed high school at least three years prior to the draft. A player that meets these requirements can renounce his remaining NCAA eligibility and enter the draft.
Can you go straight to the NFL from high school?
The NFL has a strict rule that a drafted player or free agent must have been out of high school for 3 years before he is eligible to play, so there are no players in the NFL that went straight from high school to the pros. … So to answer your question, no one graduated high school and went straight to playing in the NFL.
How old do you have to be to go..
Who is the youngest NFL player ever?
Multiple 21-year-old rookies joining the league. There’s even the youngest player in the NFL, Dolphins cornerback Noah Igbinoghene, playing at just 20 years old (he turns 21 in November).
How much does it cost to tryout for the NFL?.
Are there any players in the NFL.
Can a quarterback score a touchdown?
In gridiron football, a touchdown pass is a pass thrown from the passer (usually the quarterback) to a receiver that results in a touchdown being scored. … When a touchdown is achieved by running, the quarterback is not credited with a touchdown pass..
Can a player choose not to be drafted?
They cannot forgo the draft themselves. If a player is drafted and does not want to sign with the team that drafted him, and that team is unable to trade his rights or sign him. The player will have to forgo that season and re enter the draft the next year.
Who gets first pick in NFL draft?
The order is determined by the standings at the end of the regular season: The club with the worst record will pick first, and the one with the best record will pick 20th. Teams that did qualify for the playoffs are assigned draft slots 21-32..
Can I tryout for the NFL?
Teams also can host players for tryouts if they have met COVID-19 testing requirements. Before trying out or receiving a physical, the player must produce at least two consecutive negative tests within 24 hours of one another, after arriving in the team’s city. NFL POWER RANKINGS:Who’s trending up in training camp?
Can a woman play.Franklin resident and Battle Ground Academy student Madison Melnyk appeared on the Food Network show “Kids BBQ Championship,” which aired this week.
Melnyk taped the show back in January but she and her family had to keep her appearance on the show under wraps until recently.
The rising Freshman has a passion for food and attempted to be a contestant on “Chopped Jr.” but was unsuccessful. Food Network contacted Melynk when it came time to find contestants for their Kids BBQ Championship show.
During the show, the contestants were asked to cook bison steak and grilled potatoes. Melynk never lost her focus throughout the show which leads to her winning a prize of $10,000.
When we asked how she spent her money, she told us she was saving most of it but spent a small portion on a new guitar, a trip to Sephora, and made a donation to Monroe Carrell Jr. Children’s Hospital.
The Food Network champion will be offering summer cooking camps during the month of July called Junior Chef Academy. For more information, email [email protected]landed
(a.)擁有土地的,有田地的·ed a.
1. Having an estate in land.
The House of Commons must consist, for the most part, of landed men. --Addison.
2. Consisting in real estate or land; as, landed property; landed security.
◄ ►
landed
adj : owning or consisting of land or real estate; "the landed
gentry"; "landed property" [ant: landless]Otherside Brewing Co, Anthem IPA 2021 Winner
All major-key energy, Anthem is gloriously in tune, and on time. An IPA for everyday, with generosity well above its station. Not only is it a well-designed and executed celebration of the brew team’s ongoing refinement of their core range, Anthem is a joy to drink. An inviting misted gold hue crests with a fine, lasting white head – a visual opener for a chorus of Australian Galaxy and US Simcoe hops. Citrus, passionfruit and pine feature through a juicy mid-palate, its swell is a subtle blend of hazier profiles keeping things relevant and vital. A lean malt profile and tight bitterness are highlights, with the dry coda maximising drinkability, and bringing it all together. There’s not a drop out of place – Anthem sings.Photo courtesy of countryliving.com
Hello Ladies,
Would you please join me in a little celebration, as at the end of last week I had news that due to a cancellation I now have a table at the Hugglets Winter Bearfest in Kensington, London on 28th February! This is prestigious show in the bear world so I am thrilled to have got a stand!
Although I am very excited, I am totally nervous. I shall be taking a few familiar faces with me ...
And hopefully plenty of new additions... hound wise!
I think I shall be at my sewing machine into the small hours every day from now until then, only coming up for air at feeding time and bed time oh, and the school runs!UPDATE ON FLORENCE...
The poor girl is still holding on, and now cannot lay down unless its on her back or on top of Woody. As she now weighs a considerable amount, Woody is put under some strain when this happens, but as we've told him before... he's made his own bed.. now he'll have to lie in it... or be lied upon. Whatever.
Have a good week x
Morning nicky,
We hope to be going to huggletts,train permitting. We went last year & it is a great fair with very talented people. I cant wait!! You will love it,well done you.
Sorry to hear poor old florence is still hanging in there. xx
P.S hows william coming along?
Posted by: | February 01, 2010 at 10:13 AM
Congratulations!
I am sure there will be more good news very soon
Kindest Regards Linda
Posted by: Linda Gilbert | February 01, 2010 at 11:30 AM
Congratulations Nicky, that's fab news. Your new creations are wonderful. Poor Florence, perhaps it's time for some cod liver oil?!
Hen x
Posted by: Hen | February 01, 2010 at 11:43 AM
Fantastic. You thoroughly deserve it as your work has been going from strength to strength.
Your poor dog, I bet she feels like screaming. Hopefully it will be very soon.
Lisa x
Posted by: Mrs Bun | February 01, 2010 at 11:44 AM
Congratulations, how exciting for you! Poor Florence, won't be long now x
Posted by: noelle | February 01, 2010 at 12:37 PM
Congratulations. Hope it all goes well for you.
Tracey
Posted by: Funkymonkey | February 01, 2010 at 12:45 PM
Congratulations!!
Posted by: Kate | February 01, 2010 at 12:54 PM
Congratulations Nicky, wonderful news!Bet they will love your gorgeous bears!
Wishing the lovely little Florence good luck!
Rachel x
Posted by: Rachel | February 01, 2010 at 01:00 PM
Congratulations, how exciting. Poor Florence!
Posted by: Jennifer | February 01, 2010 at 01:23 PM
Dear Nicky,
What great news! Everyone will love your wonderful bears and their friends. I adopted Edna at the Vintage and Handmade Fair at Christmas. She has found herself a vintage hat from my studio and now won't take it off !!! Hope the patter of tiny puppy feet arrive soon.
Best wishes
Mandy x
Posted by: Mandy McCauley | February 01, 2010 at 01:59 PM
Good luck with the show and the many hours of sewing!!
Posted by: paintdropskeepfalling.wordpress.com | February 01, 2010 at 05:27 PM
Best wishes for the show! Poor Florence ... I keep looking at your blog waiting for the pups arrival!!!!
Posted by: Anne Donald | February 01, 2010 at 06:32 PM
How wonderful! Good luck with it and good luck to poor old Florence too! Here's hoping to little puppy pictures very soon x
Posted by: Katie | February 01, 2010 at 08:33 PM
Thats fantastic Nicky congratulations! I'm sure everyone will be cooing over your creations there.
Posted by: Clare Powell | February 01, 2010 at 09:03 PM
Congratulations!Would love to go to that show.
x
Posted by: Vanilla Press | February 02, 2010 at 09:15 AM
Félicitations ! Une fois de plus, je dis "what a pity" :-(( je ne pourrai pas assister à ce show. Ca doit être bien sympathique d'aller là-bas !
Une petite pensée pour Florence ... J'ai hâte de voir une photo des bébés quand ils seront nés :-)
Posted by: Guenievre | February 02, 2010 at 02:20 PM
Oh Nicky, what wonderful news with the bear-show. I believe all your lovely creatures will be dressed up for the day and behave very well, so most of them will find a new home. I'm sure!!
I keep on thinking of poor Florence, as it reminds me of my third pregnancy. At the end the best position was lying on my back at the sofa and trying to watch over my enormous belly, to get a glimps of the football matches (European Championship).
Good luck!! Gertiexx
Posted by: treutmade | February 02, 2010 at 03:35 PMWoman, Taken out of Man[1]
This is a funny anecdote about the girls who might be ignorant or naive.
In the science class of the secondary school, we learned about the structure of the body such as the bones, skin, tissue, muscle, nerve as well as the organs. The science teacher told us that the body was composed of the different kinds of substance and element, and moreover the numbers of the bones were 206 in one body.
While listening to the explanation, one of my friends raised her hand and asked a question.
“Ms. White, I’m curious about the number of bones between ‘Man’ and ‘Woman’. The ribs of a man are one more than those of a woman, aren’t they?”
“No, they are not! The ribs of human being are the 12 pairs of curved bones that surround the chest.” she answered in a friendly way.
My friend alleged again, “I heard the church leader of mine saying that since a woman was formed from the rib God had taken out of a man, so the man’s ribs are one more than the woman’s.”
We were almost likely to believe her allegations, because she was using the quotation the Bible. It sounded quite reliable.
Ms. White kept a silence for a while, and explained quietly.
“Do you really believe that the ribs of a woman are one less than those of a man? If you take an x-ray of your chest, you will find out the result; Human being has the same number of ribs.”
All of us became puzzled and embarrassed, not being aware of the situation.
How was it then?
What was wrong with our conception?
Biologically the explanation of the teacher was right, based on the science knowledge.
Why did God say that way?
He created a woman from the rib God had taken out of a man?
What does the creation of ‘Man and Woman’ represent?
Genesis 2:18~23.”
Since then, it had been a mystery before I attended WMSCOG. Even God had Adam give the name ‘Eve’ to a woman who was made from the man, whereas God Himself named Adam. Furthermore Adam designated her as ‘The mother of all the living’. (Genesis 3:20)
Although Eve virtually gave birth to sons; Cain and Abel, and Seth and some children, how come she could become the mother of the living? It had been an additional mystery as well as like riddle for me.
Eventually I found the exact answer to understand the administrations that God had implemented from the creation of ‘Man and Woman’.
According to the Bible, the first man Adam became a living being whereas the last Adam would be a life-giving spirit.
Besides Adam was assigned as the pattern of the one to come who is the second coming Jesus in the last age. (Romans 5:14)
On the other hand, the last Adam is the Holy Spirit and the last Eve; His helper is the Bride, promising to come to give salvation to those who are waiting for Her.
Therefore when God brought Eve to Adam, he said, “This is now bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh; she shall be called ‘woman’, for she was taken out of man.”
It means that only the last Adam; Christ Ahnsahnghong testifies about the last Eve; the Bride and designate Her as our “God the Mother”.
No others can do so!
Revelations 22:17 The Spirit and the bride say, “Come!” And let him who hears say, “Come!” Whoever is thirsty, let him come; and whoever wished, let him take the free gift of the water of life.
The World Mission Society Church of God(WMSCOG), believing in “God the Mother”, are practicing the love of “God the Mother” and showing Her favor based on the philanthropy.
We can’t understand the Bible with mere human knowledge limited in this physical world. Christ Ahnsahnghong, our Heavenly Father, explained all the mysteries of the Bible and testified our Heavenly Mother for us. God the Father and God the Mother, They are our true saviors and the last Adam and Eve who have come to this earth according to the prophecy!
Through the bible we can understand who the true savior is in the age of the Holy Spirit. In this age the last Adam who represents God the Father and Eve who represents God the Mother give us the eternal life. They are our spiritual parents. WMSCOG believes in God the Mother according to the bible.
We must realize that there are God the Father and God the Mother who save us from spiritual death through the Bible. Because the Bible is the only book we have to rely on for salvation.
Christ Ahnsahnghong and Heavenly Mother can only give the water of life to us to save our souls.
When God brought Eve to Adam, he said, “This is now bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh; she shall be called ‘woman’, for she was taken out of man.”
God the Father want us to realize that only the last Adam; Christ Ahnsahnghong testifies about the last Eve; the Bride and designate Her as our “God the Mother”. Only those who receive Holy Spirit can realize the prophecy of God the Mother hidden in the Bible. I give thanks and glory to our Elohim God who allow us the wisdom and understaning which we can realize the secret of Kingdom of Heaven.
According to bible The last adam is The second coming christ and in the last days 2nd coming christ, Holy spirit and Bride appear on earth.
So we should recieve heavenly father and mothet, we can get eternal life.
Come to our spiritual parents, heavenly father and heavenly mother.London to New York 5 May 1866 - 11 Jun 1866
Bishop, Elizabeth
Elizabeth Bishop travelled from London to New York 5 May 1866 - 11 Jun 1866. Read about the voyage.
This passenger may be related to:
- Bishop, Elizabeth (Age: 40)
- Bishop, George (Age: 53)
- Bishop, James (Age: 14)
- Bishop, John H. (Age: 4)
- Bishop, Mary A. (Age: 8)
- Bishop, Susan (Age: 18)
- Bishop, Theresa (Age: 25)
BMR, p. 232 (source abbreviations)It’s happening, folks: Mazda is bringing back the rotary engine. According to Autocar, the company released an announcement on Chinese social media that it will reveal a new generation of its iconic powertrain later this week.
Where it’ll show up, however, remains to be seen. Mazda head honcho Mitsuo Hitomi previously confirmed would use a rotary engine as a range extender for its first electric car, expected to debut this year — but he also suggested further, more exciting applications of the rotary engine to come.
Rotary engines, after all, powered Mazda’s famed RX performance models. Those unconventional engines ran at high rpm, producing a ton of power from tiny displacements. The last model to run a rotary, the RX-8, produced 232 horsepower from a naturally-aspirated 1.3-liter engine. (The downside to those engines, howver: fuel efficiency. The last RX-8 achieved just 18 mpg combined.)
Autocar says Hitomi “strongly hinted” Mazda had a further rotary engine model planned beyond the EV. The hints are there: Mazda’s stunning “Vision Coupe” concept from 2018 presaged a rotary-powered model. Mazda has also just patented a “vehicle shock absorption structure” for what would be a new vehicle. That vehicle has a small engine bay, one that would fit a rotary engine nicely.
It may be premature to connect the dots to a new RX sports car, but things at Mazda appear to be aligning. Until then, you can find affordable examples of the legendary RX-7 available all across America.Ball Mills | Industry Grinder for Mineral Processing - JXSC
>>IMAGE crushing gold ore - ristorantelaperla.ch
>>IMAGE ...
How Much the Gold Ore Ball Mill - JXSC Machine
Nov 13, 2019 ·.
intermittent ore grinding gold ore ball mill
ball mill for grinding gold ore - ofspescaracolli. grinding ball mill product production process of gold ore · ...
High Efficient Gold Ore Grinding Ball Mill-ball Mill
Gold Efficient Ball Mill Golg Ore. ...
Collectible Mining Equipment for sale
Get the best deals on Collectible Mining Equipment when you shop the largest online selection at eBay.com. Free shipping on many items | Browse your favorite brands | affordable prices..
ball mill gold ores grinding - nigeriabrazilchamber.org
grinding - Ball Mills for Mining and
.
granite ball mill gold ores manufacturers from china
Homemade Ball Mill to Crush Gold Ore . 1,529 granite ball mill products are offered for sale by suppliers on , of which mine mill accounts for 82%. A wide variety …
Slag - Wikipedia
...
gold ores for ball mill quarry gold ore sale in india
.
Gold extraction - QueensMineDesignWiki
...
Ball - Home
Ball Corporation is the world’s leading provider of innovative, sustainable aluminum packaging for beverage, personal care and household products, as well as aerospace and other technologies and services. Vision Drive for 10 From ...
List of Worldwide Buyers, Importers, Traders Directory
Find the latest buy offers from worldwide importers directory list of US, wholesale buyers, distributors, Global Traders, buying agents & resellers at world’s fastest growing Online trading company. How to find foreign buyers for your
Home - Crushers, Ball Mills and Flotation Cells for Mining
...
Ball Mill Used in Minerals Processing Plant | Prominer
>>IMAGE.
Buy Knitting Wool & Yarn Online | Deramores
From Sirdar, Rowan and Stylecraft to Blue Sky Fibers, Scheepjes and SweetGeorgia, with our curated selection of yarn for every budget and taste, find everything you …
Gold Prices per grain | Rates of 24k, 22k, 20k, 18k in USD
grain Gold rate in America. Price of grain is displayed in US Dollar and 24k, 22k, 23k, 21k, 20k, 18k according to America/New_York time (GMT-04:00). grain in US is a standard unit for measuring the precious metals. GoldPriceZ website provides the latest actual prices in the current foreign exchange rate of US Dollar (USD) Today price range, ask, bid, today's low and high in the currency of ...
China Gold Ores, China Gold Ores Manufacturers and
China Gold Ores, China Gold Ores Suppliers and Manufacturers Directory - Source a Large Selection of Gold Ores Products at scrap gold,machine gold,gold filled jewelry from China Alibaba.com MENU Alibaba.com Ready to ...
Ore processing – Waihi Gold
.
Hot sale High capacity professional ball mill for grinding gold
Hot sale High capacity professional ball mill for grinding gold ores, US $ 3000 - 50000 / Set, Energy & Mining, None, None.Source from Zhengzhou Jinma Mining Machinery Co., Ltd. on Alibaba.com.
Using Ball Mills to Extract Raw Gold from Ores
2018/06/14 ….
factors considered when buying a ball mill
Belt Conveyer . MTW Trapezium Mill . 5X Pendulum Roller Mill . LM Vertical Mill . T130X Superfine Grinding Mill . MW Series Micro Powder Mill . Raymond Mill . Ball Mill . European Type Jaw Crusher . Jaw Crusher . HPT Get Price
ball mill gold ores near cuddalore sand making ball mill quarry
Gold Milling Process -Primitive and Basic
>>IMAGE ...
Commentary: I Will Judge You for Buying a Dog From a Breeder
2017/09/13 · Commentary: I Will Judge You for Buying a Dog From a Breeder I understand the lure of a purebred puppy, but there are too many homeless pets for me ever to support buying …
conical ball mill for ta nb ore for gold mining
Ball millBall millPRODUCTSGanzhou Gelin Mining. 20181112&ensp·&enspPRODUCTmill gold ores ovulosballmill gold ores owners
Gold Ball Mill Machine Gold Ore 1000pcs.be Ball mill : ball mill for gold is a type of grinder. it is a cylindrical device used in grinding (or mixing) materials like ores, chemicals, ceramic raw materials and paints. ball mills rotate around ...
Gold Processing,Extraction,Smelting Plant Design
2021/01/27 · Gold processing Plant: Based on abundant experiences on gold mining project, Prominer helps clients to get higher yield & recovery rate with lower running cost and pays more attention on environmental protection.
Mobile Quarry Ball Mill Gold Ores Uk
Mobile Quarry Ball Mill Gold Ores Uk. Widely in mining quarry mining machine mill blue metal quarry crusher,stone quarrying.crusher machine.quarry crusher is widely used in mining and quarrying industry around the world.8 meters from the mill processing ore particle size limit of up to 400 350 mm.get price.get price.
ball mills mining in south africa | Ore plant,Benefication.
Buy Steel Grinding Ball Buying Office Steel Grinding Ball For
Buy Steel Grinding Ball Buying Office Steel Grinding Ball For Forged steel grindin manufacturers directory 3 million global importers and exporters forged steel grindin suppliers manufacturers wholesalers forged steel grindin sellers ...
Ball Mill | Gold Processing | Star Trace Pvt. Ltd
>>IMAGE.
50T/D Gold ore CIP production line_The Nile Co., Ltd flow chart.
10 Best CNC Mills under 10k in 2021: Reviews and Buying Guide
2020/12/23 · …
Wet Vibrating Ball Mill For Gold Ore - Buy Ball Mill For Gold
Wet Vibrating Ball Mill For Gold Ore. Hot sale products. Hot sale in. FOB Reference Price: Get Latest Price. $2,600.00 - $115,000.00 / Set | 1 Set/Sets (Min. Order) Model Number: GZMY series wet ball mill.
Used Gold Ore Grinding Ball Mill In Usa
.
Application Of Ball Mill In Tanzania Gold Ore Dressing
More Stories
- ball mill for industry
- coal ball press machine
- ball mill used in gold ore processing prices
- vsi ball mill gold ore operating tailings dam sheet cost sheet
- ball mill of the manager of small scale mineral processing in ghana
- equipment in gypsum powder plant
- 8196 the manufacturers of cement grinding units in india and germany
- vertical roller mill operation technical details
- Current Papers On Concentration Of Ferrous In Plants
- thailand por le concrete crusher for rent
- diamond industries dhatkopar mumbai mfg jaw crusher
- stone crusher project price india
- the hippocratic crush episode 21
- hammer mill crusher small scale gold mining
- weld stone crusher malaysia argentina
- mobile belt conveyors wollard bro electrical wiring diagram
- a gold stamp mill
- crystal lake crushed stone co sand in plymouth wi 53073 2787
- jet grinding machine vs hammer grinding machine
- genital grinder guitar pro by carcass ultimatePosted by: leeway | September 7th, 2005
If you're not in love with Potter's voice from the opening "Toothbrush and My Table," you're either dead or on the way. The tunes rock between blues, country, folk and rave up rock and roll. "Ragged Company" clarifies the band's stance as a wayward yet tight bunch with melancholia dripping from the edges of their portrait and, "Left Behind" and "Treat Me Right" solidifies that vision. "Sweet Hands" just plain rocks with Faces-like outbursts as Potter proves she can belt it out with the best of any old dude--she even has an off-the-cuff Brit Cockney count-off during the band's opening seconds. Slide guitars and Hammond B-3 burn baby, burn during its three and a half minutes dip into Skynyrd dirt laced with Ronnie Wood grit. "Below the Beams" is an instrumental stream-of-conscious bit of improv magic that captures the late eve motif while the double takes of the title track that close the disc feature Potter's a cappella gifts without sacrificing an ounce of soul--and that's a word that will be mentioned quite a bit around the likes of this young singer and a band ready to take on more than just the Northeast. See them in a bar, while you can, won't be long before she's playing a room beyond dimension.-- Randy RayStone and Campbell on Stone-Campbell
Stone and Campbell on Stone-Campbell
Bruce's Beat
5-18-2015
In recent years the Restoration Movement has been relabeled the Stone-Campbell movement by those in the scholarly community. What has led to this renaming effort?
Some people believe it more accurately reflects the historical facts. After all, there have been other efforts at Restoration through the centuries and in other places besides North Amercia. From the Anabaptists in the 16th century to the Puritans of the 17th century to the present day there have been efforts at Restoration. Since this is the case, Restoration movement, applied to only the 19th century efforts in North America seems too limiting.
But there are other reasons as to why this relabeling has been made. There have been efforts to build bridges between the alienated heirs of the Restoration movement: the Disciples of Christ, the Independent Christian Churches, and Churches of Christ. Restoration has been seen as an obstacle to uniting these different fellowships. Thus, Stone-Campbell, applied as an umbrella term, is more inclusive.
The inclusive Stone-Campbell label also is a move that promotes acceptance of the idea of a denominational conception of the Church. For some, it is an admission to being a man made body tracing its beginning to Barton Stone and Alexander Campbell.
Choosing the Stone-Campbell label, also assists the scholar who no longer believes in the Restoration plea. Restoration of the New Testament Church is no longer seen as an attainable goal in a post-modern worldview. Restoration is also no longer seen as a viable means to achieving unity among those professing Christ.
While there are many things that could be said at this point, I believe it might be instructive to go to the writings of Stone and Campbell to see how they would have viewed this relabeling.
At Cane Ridge, Kentucky, whose meeting house is pictured above, Barton W. Stone came to the realization that man made church organizations like those in his Presbyterian fellowship were not found in the Bible. In the famous Last Will and Testament of the Springfield Presbytery, Stone and fellow preachers urged the dissolution of their presbytery to "sink into union with the body of Christ at large." They believe ths union would be found in the Bible "as the only sure guide to heaven." Stone described the reaction to the publication of the Last Will and Testament. "This piece when published increased ten fold the opposition against us. The artillery of every party was directed against us. They evidently saw that if we prevailed all parties must be dissolved. They represented us as disorganizers, having no form of government, and aiming a destructive blow against all church government. Why these charges against us? Because we took the Bible as the only rule given to the church by the only law giver, who solemnly enjoined upon all to walk according to this same rule." (Christian Messenger 1:242).
Through the encouragement of Rice Haggard, a preacher who came to Kentucky from the Republican Methodists in North Carolina and Virginia, Stone and his followers determined to call themselves Christians. Years later, Stone repeated his reasons for that decision. "It was at the time when sects, and sectarian names became so numerous, that the name Christian was forgotten, or so neglected, that none called themselves by the name which God had ordained. . . . About that time a few of us, convinced of the evil of sectarianism, and believing that party creeds and names then exisiting, were the props of thse sectarian establishments, determined to relinquish them all. We took the divine and ancient name Christian, given by divine authority, as that which must ultimately destroy all other denominations. For this were were reviled by others as assuming the name exclusively to ourselves, when it equally belonged to all. If it belongs to all, why do not all take it?" (Christian Messenger 11:118-19).
From his study in Bethany, Virginiam Alexander Campbell spent his life in the advocacy and dissemination of the principles his father had set forth in his Declaration and Address. Among those principles was the famous, "Where the Scriptures speak, we speak, and where the Scriptures are silent, we are silent." This slogan has been variously interpreted, but it is instructive to gain Campbell's view of what this entailed. Campbell wrote on the difficulties of bringing one's views and practices into harmony with the Bible. "But we found it an arduous task, and one of twenty years' labor, to correct oru diction and purify our speech according to the Bible alone, and even yet we have not wholly repudiated the language of Ashdod." (Christian System, x).
Campbell elaborated on the necessity of using noly Bible terms for faith and, that in the words which man's wisdom teaches." (Christian System, 104).
Campbell wrote the following the the editors of the New Orleans Commercial Bulletin: "You have done me, gentlemen, too much honor in saying that of Alexander Campbell, 2:441).
How ironic to see the adoption of Stone and Campbell's names to the effort they made to abandon the names of men for the name of Christ! Both men fought against every form of sectarianism or denominational thinking. They rejected the use of man made names and designations that separated believers into different fellowships. Both men resisted the very idea that the movement would be called after them.How to plan a wedding 'differently' in 2021
If you've been following me for a while, then you know that Deabill & Quince are all about setting trends, not following trends, and after a year where we have been forced to reimagine literally every aspect of 'the wedding' as we know it, I am super inspired by some new and future wedding trends that I truly hope will be here to stay in 2021 and beyond. Hopefully my little round up will help you look at ways to plan your 2021 and post Covid wedding a bit differently.. and for the better.
So here you go, Deabill & Quince's fabulous future of post-covid weddings... as ever our ethos is - be unique, do it your way and break the mould. Your day should reflect you as a couple and hopefully the pause we've all taken will allow us to truly embrace a day that encompasses our own story and personalities.
01 - EMBRACE THE OUTDOORS
I know this is tricky with the UK weather, but there are ways to beat it. Pop up pods, huge brollies, glass marquees. Usually more popular in the spring and summer, outdoor weddings are going to be essential throughout 2021+. Its proven that the c-word is less transmittable with fresh air so the more you can be outside the better, and the more you can keep guests at a safe distance will become a necessary theme. Think outside the box, set up an outdoor wedding cinema instead of a dance floor, hire something like a bucking bronco or carousel that can easily be wiped down between uses, put on an outdoor theatre production, hire wandering acrobats & magicians.. all these things can easily be incorporated safely and will truly entertain your guests.. think 'putting on a show' rather than boozy conga's.
02 - PICNICS
Wedding buffets and grazing stations will have to take a back seat next year in place of individual plates or smaller sharing hampers. Being outdoors and keeping guests at a safe distance will prevail for at least the first half of the year so why not embrace this by setting up blankets or individual beautifully styled low tables with incredible picnic hampers per couple or bubble of guests... have waiter service for drinks, put games on each table to keep guests entertained. You could even set this style up in a clear marquee, or a larger venue styled accordingly. Think Henley Regatta picnics, why not find a venue with an incredible backdrop, alongside a river or near a beach to make it truly magical.
03 - CABARET STYLE
Rather than despair in the lost possibilities of super slinky trestle tables with rows of guests all shoulder to shoulder, imagine instead an exclusive cabaret speakeasy; small individual tables per couple or 'bubble', glamorous attire, waiter service, delicious cocktails, fabulous entertainment, comfy seats... you can slink around each table, spending time with all your guests but they are kept socially distant from each other - perfect!
Chose a venue who's atmosphere works for your style and treat your guests to a day of glamorous entertainment. I'm not thinking cruise style, but then again, maybe I am thinking Titanic cruise glamour. Get a magician, an incredible singer, a circus act... really put on a show! Make it last all evening. You can make key parts of your wedding highlights throughout the evening, cutting the cake, speeches, first dance, readings that would normally be in the ceremony, you could have an open mic half an hour for guests to tell stories or practice their stand up act. Why not have a fabulous menu they can order from whenever they want. Jeez, I want to get married all over again! Think BAFTAS, think OSCARS... think incredible.
04. REFLECTION & TRADITION
2020 more than anything has taught us the importance of unity, family and friends and I think this will be reflected throughout future weddings. The importance of the bond between the couple, the joining of families and the support of friendship will be a beautiful focus.
Lighting candles for elderly relatives who cannot join you, writing personal messages to guests thanking them for their endless support, telling your own personal love story, highlighting the support you will all give each other... these are all trends I think we will see growing in importance.
Much like traditional weddings of old more focus will be put on the ceremony and making this personal than a raucous evening piss up, and maybe its about time this happened. This is the whole REASON you are there, to get married and unite with your partner in crime and maybe we needed this break to remember that this is what is truly important.
I wish I'd known more about the wonderful work of alternative celebrants and humanist weddings when I was getting married, and although they aren't currently (at the time of writing this) classified as legal ceremonies in England PLEASE don't let that put you off.. do your research and even call one up to chat about the possibilities... you can register your marriage before the event (much like a birth) and then its a whole new ball game. The level of personalisation, celebration and individuality is endless... and a firm favourite of ours is the incredible Nat Rayboulds... so do get in touch! Even if its just to chat about what its all about. If I was to get married again I would DEFINITELY consider this direction.
05. WEEKEND WEDDING x4
For this you really need to think wider picture; find a venue that you can book for a weekend. Divide your guests into groups of 30 or whatever gov guidance allows. Why not have an intimate Friday night with family, celebrate your marriage and unity and have a sit down seriously incredible meal. Then have Saturday picnic lunch and afternoon lawn games for families with children before cocktails and a food truck. Then plan a fun filled evening of entertainment for friends in the evening where you can kick off the heels and really relax. Then you can recover with a Sunday lunch for elderly relatives or those you wish to have wonderful long conversations with. Then you get to spend selected time with each group of people in an ambiance that suits them. Plus you get to chose at least 3 outfits!!! WINNING!
ROUND-UP
So, ultimately what I am saying is 'think outside the box' when planning a wedding for 2021 and beyond. It can still include all those traditional elements we love so much but its 'shape' doesn't need to fit the mould. In the months and years to come we will be setting new trends, making a new path forwards, focussing on the things we have learnt from a year of uncertainty and embracing different aspects of the day.
If you would like to discuss how I can set the scene for your incredible day and really get your guests excited then please do get in touch, I would love to hear all about your story and help tell it to all your guests. You can also read about how I can do this over on my blog post 'The Art of Storytelling'.
Reflection & Tradition Image Credits to: Nat Rayboulds - Humanist Wedding Celebrant
Camilla Andrea Photography
Links to other images when you click.
Over and out lovely people... see you next time.
{ Thank you for reading to the end! Feel free to share, post, comment & like,
I would love to hear your feedback and any requests for future post contents }Ok, I haven’t been to Vegas since I was in the 8th grade. Since I am now 40 I am going to assume that things have changed. So in order to have a fun visit in a short time I have had to do a lot of research. And I want to do this trip as cheaply as possible, so it has taken some time to find the deals, but here is what I have found so far.
We knew that since we were going that we would have to see the Blue Man Group. We have never seen them and we have always wanted too. So I began looking for tickets and saw that they were horribly expensive. I went to the Blue Man Group page here and saw that there was a discount. It was a great discount, you could get the $92 seats for $62. So I was going to book them then I realized that you could only book the late (10pm) show at that price. So not willing to commit to that I kept looking. I eventually saw the Tix4Tonight offer. This does look like a great option. What I have read and have found is that you have to go to one of these locations at 10am and wait in line, then you take your “ticket” and go 1 hour early to the show and get you real ticket. So there is quite a time commitment to get your cheap ticket. So I was frustrated with this idea, but willing to go with it. Then I went back one more time to the Blue Man Group’s website and saw that there was a new discount code, so I entered it and found that the 7pm is show was now included in that offer. So take your time and look around. The deals are out there. If you are a local or know a local you can get an even bigger discount. There is AAA pricing for the Blue Man Group and there is also Blue Man Group Military Pricing. So if you go there now and you don’t see great pricing or any discount codes just keep checking back.
My first great find was the MGM Grand for $51 night with a $100 dinning gift certificate. Now when I punched in my dates I didn’t get the $51, but I did get the $55 for the weekday night, but for the weekend I had to pay $107. But that was still tons cheaper than the list price. And we also have the $100 dinning gift certificate. So we are excited about that. Since then I have gone online to the other hotels and I have noticed that they are all running some great specials too. So look around and take your time. Next time I see one of those great deals come up I will post it. My blog wasn’t up and running when I found the deal.Introduction: Smoking cessation is the single most effective way to prevent or delay the development of airflow limitation or to reduce its progression in subjects with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The aim of the study was to explore whether performing a spirometry changes attitudes toward smoking cessation.
Method: A random sample of 513 smokers, of whom 77 had COPD, answered a questionnaire before, shortly after (less than 4 weeks), and 3 months after performing a lung function test.
Results: Prior to spirometry, 57% of the smokers with COPD and 52% of those with normal spirometry claimed that they were not planning to quit smoking within the next 6 months. After the spirometry, 9% (p < .0001) of those with COPD and 38% (p = .009) of those with normal spirometry had no intention to stop smoking. Three months later, corresponding figures were 28% in COPD and 48% in smokers with normal spirometry, and the point prevalence of quitters was 30% for the COPD group and 14% for the normal group (p = .02).
Discussion: We conclude that performing spirometry changes the attitude toward smoking for a short time. We hypothesize that smokers may be more susceptible to smoking cessation activities during this period.Shop by Categories
Store Categories
All Store Items on Sale Now
More items from this Store
Top Sale Modern Pendant Lamp Cheap Dale Chihuly Amber Blown Glass Chandeliers Lighting for Hotel Decoration
Size:W80xH60CM/32"*24".
Your question may be answered by the seller and other customers who bought this product.
Input 4-200 charactersFrom
Infusion therapy is the administration of medication intraveniously through a needle or catheter Among the essential products are infusion solutions medical devices blood volume replacement solutions and medical products such as rinsing solutions as well as intravenously administered
Ledger Legal Entity Primary Balancing Segment Value InFusion USA InFusion Farms 3100 3200 3300 3400 3500 InFusion USA InFusion Textiles 4000 InFusion USA
Institutional investors promise to purchase certain quantities of a security at a fixed price Once the price of a security is set its shares get distributed to the primary market Therefore it s an opportunity for early investors to take a strong position before the security goes to the secondary market and its price fluctuates Medtronic MiniMed Quick Set
Buy
In Fusion Cloning The In Fusion Cloning products allow ligation independent cloning of PCR products into any vector at any site of linearization The In Fusion Cloning reaction which takes as little as 15 minutes is specific and directional ensuring an exceptionally high rate of
Additionally approved indications contraindications side effects warnings and all over product characteristics may differ between countries Therefore always the text of the nationally registered and approved product information is binding Furthermore country specific regulatory considerations affect the information we can provide on our
Infusion Pump Training Policy Tip Sheets IV Supplies Ordering Data Set Change Issues Request Form Directions for Use Manual Alaris Updates Alaris Dataset Upload Instructions Navigation Infusion Services Sequential Infusion CPT 96367 lines are flushed after each prior infusion each drug is sequentially administered one right after the other You can only report the sequential infusion code once per infusate mix Different drug or Set for improved drug application For infusion by gravity Not all products are registered and approved for sale in all countries or regions Indications of use may also vary by country and region Please contact your country representative for product availability and
2 days
Needle Free Connectors Set Length 265 cm Priming Volume 25 ml Bore 2 7 mm 1 Spiked Drip Chamber s Vented/Unvented Drops per ml 20 Hydrophobic Air Inlet Filter with Cap Vented Filter 2 SmartSite Valve Y PortWe use Amazon affiliate links and may receive a small commission on purchases
Best Body Groomer for Men’s Private Parts in 2021
Hair removal is no longer only a women’s thing, but also a men’s thing. The best way to do it on a man is with best body groomer for men’s private parts.
These devices work with cutting blades that move thanks to the action of a motor, in a similar way to electric shavers. , but with protections on the heads to avoid hurting you when the machine passes over your body.
QUICK ANSWER – best body groomer for private parts for men
[table id=6 /]
Body shavers are very effective at what they do, very safe, and quite cheap. They have become a product in high demand by men, and are sold a lot.
For now, here is a comparative table with the characteristics and prices of the 6 best body shavers that you can buy right now. If you are interested in buying one, you will not find a more complete guide than this one.
Best Body Groomers for Men’s Private Parts
We will start the tour of the recommendations of best body groomer for men’s private parts with those models that are exclusively for the body.
philips body groomer MG7770 / 15
If you are willing to leave yourself a little more money, you can take the best multifunctional shaver from our selection. An investment that we believe is worth it because it can last you for many years thanks to its high-quality battery, something that is also often the Achilles heel of many shavers.
Without a doubt, the philips body groomer MG7770 / 15 is the best multifunctional shaver and also best body groomer for private parts for men.
We are talking about a machine that incorporates up to 18 accessories, between heads and combs. They may even be too many. Among all of them, they make this machine ideal for body shaving, including sensitive areas (such as genitalia and armpits), shaving and trimming of beards, nose, ears, etc. You can also use it as a hair clipper but we do not recommend it due to the sizes of the combs and the types of heads.
Another thing that we really liked was the quality of its materials, as well as its high-quality travel case. However, it does not incorporate a base to organize all the accessories, although it is true that these can be stored in the case and the shaver stands perfectly on its own.
The autonomy of this shaver is much higher than the rest, reaching 300 minutes after a full charge that takes about 2 hours. Another con that we find is that it is not as silent as other models that we have tested from Philips.
The main difference with its little sister, the Philips MG7730 / 15, is that this new model has 3 more hours of autonomy, 2 more heads and a high-quality travel case.
PROS
- Impressive autonomy of 300 minutes and fast charge (2 hours)
- High quality travel case
- Ideal for sensitive areas (genitals, armpits)
- Multifunctional (up to 18 accessories)
- High quality waterproof materials
CONS
- Higher price (high-end)
- No base to organize combs and razor
- It is not particularly quiet
Braun Trimmer MGK7221
If you are looking for an all-in-one razor, high-end, economical, and waterproof and with good autonomy, this is surely one of the best body groomer for men’s private parts.
The Braun MGK7221 Trimmer is the big sister of the shaver that we have reviewed a bit above, the Braun body groomer MGK5080.
Its main differences are that the blades of its blades are completely made of metal and are lighter, which is evident in the quality of the shave: less pulling and better shaving.
It is a pity that they have not included a cover in this new model to store all the accessories. However, it has a practical charging base.
Like the previous model, this is an all-in-one shaver: shaves body hair, genitals and sensitive areas, nose and ears, shaves and trims the beard, as well as allowing hair to be cut. All this thanks to 4 combs, 3 heads and the additional razor blade that it incorporates.
Finally, although it has not happened to all users, some complain that the combs sting a bit and it would have been ideal if they had rounded the tips a bit more.
In short, the Braun MGK7221 trimmer for private area male is one of the best body shavers for its great value for money.
PROS
- High quality of the blades: does not jerk and shaves well
- 100-minute autonomy
- Quick charge (1 hour)
- Waterproof
- Multifunctional
CONS
- Without accessory case, although it has a charging base
- Not suitable for cutting head hair
Philips Norelco Bodygroom Series 7000
If you are looking for a body shaver that is especially careful with delicate areas, such as genitals and armpits, this is one of the best body groomer for private parts.
The Philips body groomer 7000 Series BG7030 / 49 is a body shaver specially designed for sensitive areas such as genitals and armpits: it does not jerk or irritate. It is true that you can use it to shave and trim other areas, such as the beard. However, its main task is body shaving and, there, it can be said that it is a shaver that fulfills its function very well.
This Philips shaver stands out for its design with two fixed faces, one at each end of the handle, which seeks to easily fulfill its two main functions: shaving and trimming body hair without having to change the heads. In this aspect, it is really useful and comfortable.
It is a cordless shaver with 80 minutes of autonomy, enough for a complete body shave.
The problem with the previous model was that, after 2 years of use, its battery lost a lot of capacity. So much so that the autonomy could be as little as 10 minutes. Despite the fact that in this new model, the charge is much faster (only 1 hour), Philips has not completely solved this problem that it dragged from the previous version.
You will also see that the head of this model is called 4D, compared to the 3D and 2D of previous models, which basically consists in that the technology of its blades makes you need fewer passes for shaving.
PROS
- Ideal for sensitive areas (genitals, armpits)
- Two faces on the same razor; more comfortable to avoid having to change heads
- 80-minute autonomy (when new)
- Waterproof
CONS
- The autonomy of the battery drops noticeably after 2 years
- It does not incorporate a base and the cover it brings is not of high quality
- It is not multifunctional
Braun body groomer MGK5080
If you are looking for a shaver that works for everything, medium-high range, economic, waterproof and with great autonomy, this is also best shaver for private parts. Of course, if the main use that you are going to give it is to cut the hair of the head, better look at other models.
The Braun body groomer MGK5080 is an all-in-one waterproof shaver; it shaves body hair, genitals and sensitive areas, nose and ears, shaves and trims the beard, as well as cutting hair. All this thanks to its 4 combs, 3 heads and 1 additional razor blade.
Unlike high-end shavers, with this one you will have to give a few more passes for a perfect finish; something that is probably due to its more limited potency.
The main difference with the previous model, the Braun body groomer MGK3085, is its greater autonomy (up to approximately 100 minutes). In addition, it has a super-fast charge; it only requires an hour to fully charge. In fact, if you are in a hurry and it is unloaded, if you charge it for 5 minutes, you will have enough autonomy to shave your face. Unfortunately, it is not possible to use it while it is charging.
Finally, keep in mind that this shaver does not have a support or base to place it after use. Although it is not usually an important feature to highlight, in this case it takes on some relevance due to the number of combs and heads it includes and, therefore, can make storage uncomfortable. However, it does contain a fabric cover to store and take on a trip; although it leaves a lot to be desired, since it neither protects it nor the materials are of quality.
PROS
- 100-minute autonomy
- Fast charging in 1 hour
- Waterproof
- Multifunctional
CONS
- It has no base and the case is of poor quality
- Limited power; not suitable for head hair
Mangroomer Ultimate Pro Back Shaver
If you are looking for a back shaver, we recommend this top back shaver. However, if you wanted to shave other parts of the body or face, you would have to complement your shave with another razor from our selection.
Not everyone has someone who can shave their back or you may not feel comfortable with it. For this, the Mangroomer Ultimate Pro Back Shaver is the best.
If you have used a non-electric back shaver, you will surely appreciate the jump to an electric one.
It incorporates two heads, one for trimming and one for shaving. Unfortunately, it is not waterproof.
Being the plastic handle and hinge, it gives the feeling that it will break easily and the quality leaves a little to be desired. However, it is striking that it is the best product for this use, which shows the low maturity of the razors in this category.
Thanks to its extendable handle, it will allow you to shave your back, shoulders or even legs without having to do impossible positions. It is suitable for other areas of the body, such as chest, arms, etc. However, we do not recommend it for the face or for the most sensitive areas.
The big downside to this product is that it is sold from the UK and if you don’t have a power adapter, you will have to buy one. We leave you here one of the most recommended by users that you can also use for your trips.
PROS
- Designed specifically for the back and hard-to-reach areas
- Electric and wireless
- Waterproof
CONS
- It requires an international power adapter
- It is not multifunctional: not suitable for the face or sensitive areas
- The plastic finish leaves something to be desired
Hatteker Electric Barber
If you want a very inexpensive razor, whose result is quite acceptable and you want it to be used for everything (including body shaving and sensitive areas), it is very likely that this is the best option.
The Hatteker Barbero is a very cheap and multifunctional mid-range machine. Do not expect to be buying the best product on the market for this price, but if it is in this selection, it is because it fulfills its function very well.
You may have also seen this machine in our review of the best razors and clippers, since it is a multifunctional shaver with good value for money. It works on practically any part of the body: beards, hair on the head (no more than 1.5 cm long), nose, ears, body and even genitals.
It is a product that you can wet it for cleaning and, of course, it is wireless. As a differentiating element, it has a USB port so you can charge it even on your computer. It has an autonomy of 60 minutes with a full charge and another great advantage is that it can be used while charging. Of course, if you opt for this option, never use it in the wet.
It comes with a very basic plastic-cloth cover that does not protect it from anything. Another thing that we did not like very much is that everything is made quite plastic-based and gives a worse feeling than it really looks at the end.
It incorporates a base to place all the accessories, which acts as a charger at the same time. It is useful, but the combs do not hold well in it.
PROS
- Very affordable price
- Multifunction. This hair clipper and shaver comes with all kinds of accessories
- USB charger
- Can be used while charging
- Good power
CONS
- The comb, adjustable from 1 to 10 mm, is uncomfortable to adjust and use
- Accessories do not stay attached to the base
- Plastic-based materials detract from quality
- The autonomy is 1 hour (although for most users it is more than enough)
Recommended: BEST EPILATOR FOR PUBIC HAIR IN 2021
Buying Guide
If you are interested in buying a body shaver for yourself or because you want to give it away, you should know that, the most important aspects when considering your purchase are these:
- Trim lengths
There will be times when you want to leave your hair shaved completely, and sometimes you just want to trim it. You can also want one area of the body to be shaved and another not so much. To do this, you need the body shaver you buy to have various trim lengths.
Almost all use a guide comb trimming system: guide combs with different cutting lengths are added to the cutting blade of the machine, so that the user can interchange them according to one length or another.
Others only work with the bi-directional cutting blade and a single variable length guide comb. In addition, there are even those that have a double head; one for trimming and the other exclusively for shaving. It is simply a matter of choosing the most convenient or comfortable option for you.
- Waterproof
I consider this another of the key points in acquiring a body shaver. Since, in all probability, we are going to use the shaver mainly in the shower, it would be convenient if it was waterproof.
Do not be confused; Hair trimming is much more effective when dry because the hair is not so matted and it is easier for the blade to lift it to trim it. However, it is common to find that, after having run the machine and having showered, we realize that there is areas where the shaver must be passed a second time.
The resistance to water is also convenient for the maintenance of the machine, and it is that many hairs remain inside the head, so it is common to have to run a jet of water to clean it.
Most body shavers are waterproof, but there are a few models, especially the cheaper ones, that are not.
- Autonomy
Another key point is the autonomy of the machine. A full body shave usually takes a minimum of 30 minutes, and the last thing you want is to stay half right before you go out to party or go on a date with that girl you want to impress.
Most body shavers use rechargeable lithium-ion batteries (like those in your mobile), but there are also Nimh batteries (less efficient, with memory effect) and there are even those that use batteries. The latter are not recommended at all.
In any case, look for them to have at least 50 minutes autonomy (due to possible unforeseen events during shaving) and that they have acceptable recharge times, since some take about 8 hours to recharge.
- Ergonomics and materials
This is a secondary aspect, although with some importance as well. The best thing is that the body of the shaver is wide, to favor grip. In this sense, it is also convenient that the grip area is made of rubber, to keep the machine firm in wet conditions.
The shape of the body of the machine also plays a role. This must have an ergonomic shape that adapts to your hand, especially if you intend to reach complicated areas of your body (the buttocks, the back, the groin).
The material from which they are made also has an influence on the durability of the product. A stainless steel body shaver is much more robust and resistant than one made of plastic.
- Prestigious brands
The best brands of body shavers are Braun, Philips and Panasonic, just like electric shavers. Remington is another brand that also has some worthwhile body shavers.
All these brands have prestige, and above all a great deal of experience in the manufacture of all types of razors. In terms of prices, these brands have cheap machines, despite being the most popular and the highest quality.
The prices of these brands vary from approximately $ 50 to $ 80, so you can see that they are very cheap products. Actually, I think it is absurd to buy a body shaver from another brand just because you find it at a low price. For just over $ 50 you already have Philips body groomer, so the choice in this case is clear.
In any case, if you plan to use your body shaver a lot, the ideal thing is to get a good one. The price difference between the low-end and high-end models is negligible, and the difference in day-to-day life is noticeable, I can assure you.
How to use a body shaver?
Clearly, all these characteristics reveal the great functionality and good service that this type of technology offers. The reason for the success of body shavers lies essentially in their ease of trimming the hair, which differs from a traditional razor that you would have to go through many times before leaving a very clear area.
However, just because they are easy to use does not mean that you can use them without any care or attention. In fact, if it is the first time that you are going to use a body shaver, we advise you to follow these guidelines and recommendations:
Even if your body shaver is ready to be used in the shower, it is not recommended to run it on wet skin; it will cost you more, as water-matted hair is more difficult to cut. So, shave your body before you shower and not after.
In areas such as the chest or back you will not have problems, but in intimate and difficult-to-access areas, the ideal is to tighten the areas to be shaved to obtain a better hair removal, and always as much as possible by passing the blades in the direction contrary to hair growth .
If you want to completely remove the hair, you must use the shaving head that all body shavers incorporate. However, if there is an area of the body that you want to leave with longer hair, it is advisable that you use one of the guide combs that are included in most of the best body shavers on the market.
In intimate areas, such as the groin, where there is a lot of hair, it is better to pass the blade first with a medium-length guide comb. Then you can pass another short-length guide comb, and finally, when the hair has been trimmed enough, you can already pass the shaving head.
At the end of the body shave, clean and rinse the head and blades well. These fill with hairs on the inside, and if you don’t keep them clean, there will come a time that they will get stuck and lose all their effectiveness.
In the same way, always keep the razor charged, especially if it is a model that cannot be used with the power cord plugged in. This will save you from ditching you when you need it most.
What are the advantages.
Other benefits.
What is the body shaving process based on?
For the body epilator with blade head, it must be lowered or raised from left to right. It is essential to remember the point of micro vibrations per minute when it comes to this type of razor. It represents that the higher the power, the greater the amount of hair that can pass through the perforated sheet.
In relation to the rotating head, it can circulate 360 ° and tilt inwards from the three blades to enter and act perfectly in the most difficult areas.
How are both cutting systems similar?
Thanks to their electrical mechanisms, both body epilators remove body hair completely without causing any damage to the skin.
They avoid the fact of acquiring a greater number of replacement blades each time they stop doing their job.
They have a durability of at least 20 years.
What are the differences between the two types of electric body epilator?
The main difference between the two types of body shavers is in the technology used by each of them to remove hair; however, here below we leave you other points that distinguish them:
Razors razor rotating perfectly fit every part of the body, thanks to spirals that allow leaky blades rotate easily. However, there are different models of blades that perform a limited rotation, so it will continue to be a complicated task when waxing in this case, the armpits.
Shaving methods vary between rotary head shavers and machines with foil heads.
How to shave each body area: advice and recommendations
Without a doubt, you can shave any area of your body, however, if you find it interesting what women may think, you should know that the parts of the male body that women prefer to see shaved or trimmed. Pubic hair, hair of the back and torso, in the same way, the favoritism of women is not so evident when it comes to waxing the buttocks and legs.
Body waxing is always a reason for balance and personal preferences. In addition, there are those who consider the opinion of their partner important when waxing.
Intimate shaving (pubic hair):
This is one of the most difficult and complicated parts of the body to shave, because this area is very sensitive and it is very easy to cut yourself when fully waxing. It is important to take into account the indications of each body shaver. Likewise, it is recommended to use a 0.6mm comb on the razor for intimate areas.
Waxing of the groin and belly:
When waxing this area, try as much as possible to be very careful. It is always advisable to trim the hair first and leave it ready for a shave, after the hair has softened after a shower. A good idea to show off a perfect belly and abs is by removing hair from that area as well.
Epilate the chest:
To shave the chest with an electric body shaver, first smooth glides with the machine must be made following the line in which the hair grows. When finished, it is convenient to apply a lotion to hydrate the area.
Back waxing:
It has never been sexy to have hair on your back or shoulders, so it is a very good idea to remove them using a body shaver. The difficult thing is being able to reach certain areas of the back to achieve a perfect shave. Those who have this problem can ask their partner for help or simply opt for a body shaver that allows you to shave by itself, which, without a doubt, there are many on the market.
Waxing the legs (Men):
Many athletes such as swimmers or cyclists tend to remove hair from the legs, as it allows them to avoid friction and helps them to have better skin perspiration, reducing its adverse effects. In addition, shaving the legs is also a matter of hygiene and comfort.
Use on the genitals
One last very important fact to highlight about shaving due to razors is related to the genitals. It has been proven that after a good waxing of this intimate area, the pleasure during the sexual experience increases due to the same sensitivity of the skin and the contact that occurs between the naked bodies, allowing the couple to feel more comfortable during intercourse. .
Consider it for a moment: How would you love to see the intimate parts of that person you love and if you would experience the same sensation when they see you in the same conditions? It is a matter of aesthetics, health and beauty, a result that can be easily provided by technology like this.
So, with all this panorama explained throughout this article, you must have plenty of reasons to dare to buy one. A few decades ago this would have seemed quite strange, in conservative societies, where the concept of hair was a garnish of a man’s masculinity: it represented his strength, his will and his nature as a person with reluctant feelings.
Read Also: BEST GYM EQUIPMENT FOR ABS AND LOVE HANDLESDo you have an empty pasta sauce jar? Then you can TOTALLY start your own personal indoor herb garden! It's so easy!
SUPPLIES
Old glass jars/containers or wide-mouth mason jars
Warm water
Dish soap
Rubbing alcohol
Paper towel
Masking tape
Black chalk paint
Paint brush
Chalk
Rocks, gravel, pebbles, or marbles
Potting mix, preferably moisture control
Herb seeds of choice*
Water
INSTRUCTIONS
1. Rinse out your old glass jar thoroughly with soap and water.
2. If removing a label, let jar soak in warm water mixed with dish soap for 30 minutes. Remove label. It should come off easily! Dry glass jar thoroughly.
3. Prepare outside of glass jar for chalk paint by first removing any residues. Place a few drops of rubbing alcohol on a piece of paper towel and gently rub the side of the glass jar you wish to paint over.
4. Use masking tape to tape off a rectangle on the side of the glass jar. This is where your chalkboard label will be so make sure you get it to be the size you want.
5. Once you have rectangle you want, apply chalk paint with a paint brush. Let dry 1 hour. (For best results, apply a thick, smooth layer in one stroke. If you want to apply another coat, allow the first coat fully dry before applying.)
6. Remove masking tape. With chalk, write the herb you choose to plant on the new chalkboard label.
7.. Lightly water the top of the soil.
9. Place indoor near a windowsill or on a countertop that receives ample sunlight. Be sure to read instructions on the back of the herb seed packet for proper maintenance.
10. Watch your herbs start to grow!
*NOTE: Not all herbs are able to thrive in a glass jar forever; for some, a glass jar is suitable as a garden starter only. Keep this in mind when selecting herb seeds!
Enjoy your garden!
UK's Carrier Strike Group led by HMS Queen Elizabeth enters Bay of Bengal for ensuring free, open Indo-Pacific.
The deployment is a powerful demonstration of the UK's commitment to deepening its diplomatic, economic and security-based ties in the Indo-Pacific region.
This comes after the UK-India Comprehensive Strategic Partnership agreed upon by both Prime Ministers Narendra Modi and Boris Johnson in May 2021.."In its most substantial port visit to date, the CSG will provide a platform for a wide range of cultural demonstrations and trade and investment initiatives, read a press release.
Subsequently, the CSG will take part in the most demanding exercise ever between the UK and India, incorporating elements from all three military services, added the release. a rules-based international system, a belief in the values of open trade, and in the importance of the freedom of the high seas - a right conveyed on all nations."Moreover, participation of HNLMS Evertsen in the UK Carrier Strike Group provides the Royal Netherlands Navy with a unique opportunity for the operations and training with allies and partners and to enhance diplomatic, security and economic ties while visiting different countries along the CSG route. The Netherlands and India are like-minded partners and are committed to effective multilateralism. The visit definitely reaffirms support to the rules-based international order and shares the common principles of security, stability and freedom of navigation by both nations," added Berg. (ANI)Hytera considering bid for Sepura.
On Nov. 4, Sepura announced that the company is in “preliminary talks with Hytera Communications … regarding a possible offer for the entire issued and to be issued share of [Sepura].” The announcement also disclosed the type of deal that Hytera is contemplating.
“Hytera has confirmed to the Board of Sepura that any offer, if made, is likely to be solely in cash,” the Sepura statement reads. “There can be no certainty that any offer will be made, nor as to the terms of any such offer.”
Hytera issued a statement on Nov. 5 confirming its interest in buying Sepura, but the statement noted the “preliminary stage” of the talks and that there are “significant uncertainties as to whether the company will make a formal offer to Sepura.” If an offer is made, the deal “may require a range of regulatory approvals … which involve significant uncertainties,” according to the Hytera statement.
The Hytera statement also noted that the timing of the company’s decision whether to bid on Sepura is influenced in part by regulatory guidelines in the United Kingdom (UK).
“According to the relevant provisions of the UK City Code on Takeovers and Mergers (the “Code”), Hytera is required to either announce its firm intention to make a formal offer or to announce that it does not intend to make an offer, by 5 pm, December 2, 2016 (London Time),” according to the Hytera statement. “This deadline may be extended with the consent of the UK Panel on Takeovers and Mergers.”
Hytera’s statement notes that Sepura was profitable in 2014 and 2015—reporting at least 13 million euros in profit each year—but Sepura lost more than 10.8 million euros during the fiscal year that ended on March 31, 2016.
Sepura acquired Teltronic for $139.6 million in a deal completed in May 2015. During this year, the share price of Sepura’s stock dropped by more than 90% as the company has reported that multiple key contracts have been delayed by customers for budgetary reasons..Rug Friday Sale | 3 Day Only | Extra 15% Off
Entrance Rugs
$590.00
NAME: Modern Wool Rug
SKU: 2107SH037
A simple hand loomed rug that will be a useful background for any room of the house. Sculptured linear design using modern monotones of grey wool to create a long lasting rug.
100% Natural
Made by Hand
Cruelty free
Ethically Sourced
Free shipping across NZfreddyjollo Posted August 7 Report Share Posted August 7 I have the Philip Pullman "His Dark Materials" audio books on cds so decided to put them on LP4 md. The cds consist of titled short sections ( often 2-3 minutes long) . I found after a time though the tracks were stored the titles were not but left blank. So it seems there is a limit to the amount of text in the titles that can be stored . I over came this by converting the LP4 md to a HiMd Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.Dublin Gig Guide : 12th – 18th June 2017Read post >ORGANIZING MADE EASY, FUN & FASHIONABLE
OUR INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS & DESIGNS
CLIP-TABS & CLIP-FLAGS
What do you get when you cross a paper clip with a sticky note? Clip-Tabs™ and Clip-Flags™ by Clip-rite™. A new 2-in-1 instant organizing product for taming the paper monster, they are a simple and fast way to help organize documents and put paper in its place.
Clip-Tabs™ & ClipFlags™ integrate a strong, high quality, European-style paper clip with colorful and durable American made paper tabs. Used at work, school, or home, they can “clip & tab,” write, file and pile to instantly organize documents in one quick and easy step.
The Clip-Tab™ & Clip-Flags™.
BINDER-TABS
BINDER-TABS™ update the basic binder clip by adding vibrantly colored, heavy-duty square paper tabs around the classic metal clip. The results are multi-colored binder clips with room to write notes on durable, no- smear paper tabs that pop above the stack.
Unlike binder clips that fasten without conveying the content of the papers they hold, BINDER- TABS™ communicate what they’re about above the clip. They can replace cumbersome paper file folders on the desktop by adding a zing of color-coded style in the process and making it quick and easy access to documents. BINDER-TABS™ are a double shot of high-speed function and dynamic design to keep you organizing on the cutting edge, all while having fun using them.
MAGNETS
Stunning and vibrant with a gold touch, these magnets will for sure make a statement wherever you use them. They are perfect to hold all of your important notes, messages, pictures, memos, calendars, menus, reminder and so much more.
Use these gold foiled chic design magnets on refrigerators, magnetic dry erase board, shool lockers, metal cabinets and wherever you can.
Available in two beautiful and bright colors sets!
OUR LATEST COLLECTION
Clip-Tabs™, Clip-Flags™ and Binder-Tabs™ are the creation of entrepreneur Janet L., who first had the idea back in 1999, after continuously attaching sticky notes to documents with paper clips. Finding that messy, cumbersome, and time consuming, Janet had the desire to combine these 2 products into 1 to create an easy and simple tool to help her get quickly organized.
Clip-Tabs™, Clip-Flags™ and Binder-Tabs™ are now sold nationwide at Wal-mart, Staples, Office Depot, Office Max and more and all over the world, especially in Japan, China, Europe and Australia. Try out our great products to enhance your life at work, school, and/or home.
Follow us on FACEBOOK and share with us how you stay organized with our Clip-rite products.
Clip-Tabs™, Clip-Flags™ and Binder-Tabs™ are patented in the US, Europe, Japan, China and patent pending in other parts of the world. Clip-rite is a 100% Women-Owned company based in the San Francisco Bay Area founded in 2006.
For more information about Clip-rite's product line, please contact us at info@clip-rite.com.
REVIEWS
"Love these! Easily keep several pages together and flag them at the same time-perfect! The clip itself is sturdier than most clips I've been using-they seem very flimsy and loose. These clips are tight and stay where you put them - these clips won't easily slide off your pages. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the flags are much thicker than a regular post-it note (my initial impression of the product); I would liken it to a light poster board weight. The flags come in a hard plastic 'rack' which is portable and very handy. I'm very happy with this product, and see myself ordering another set!"
H.B.
I just got em and I love em. I am going to use these binder tabs in my tax practice to number the clients folders as they come in so I can keep the folders in my "to process" drawer in the order the clients came in. I very often have to move them to the "need more info" drawer. When the info comes in, I can now put them back in their proper place in the processing queue. I have been looking for something like this. The tabs are good and sturdy and stick up good too for easy viewing. Perfect size. I know I will find lots of other uses for them too. Will have to order more. Lots more! Absolutely fabulous. And the clips too are, of course, standard clips with a good firm grip.
S.S.
Really good for marking pending files, tickler files, something colorful to remind you to keep your eyes open for updates.
D.S.B.
Love the colors. Allows me to find pages or documents quickly.
J.B.
I discovered these at Walmart. The closest Office supply store is 15 miles away. These are great. I am a business manager for 4 offices and color code everything!
M.K.K.
These binder clips with the different color tabs are awesome! Very useful for organizing notebooks or as an alternative to purchasing dividers for binders!
P.L.B.Keith Richards 2020-21 Leaf Pearl Hockey Cut Signature Autograph. See Pictures for Condition. The item “Keith Richards 2020-21 Leaf Pearl Hockey Cut Signature Auto Rolling Stones 1/2″ is in sale since Wednesday, October 6, 2021. This item is in the category “Collectibles\Autographs\Music”. The seller is “edov92″ and is located in Chicago, Illinois. This item can be shipped worldwide.
- Industry: Music
- Signed by: Keith Richards
- Signed: Yes
- Autograph Authentication: Leaf
- Original/Reproduction: Original
Newspaper Advertising Costs in Cincinnati
Cincinnati Herald - OH - Newspaper Advertising Costs
What is the cost to advertise in the Cincinnati Herald? The Cincinnati Herald is one of the larger weekly newspapers in the Cincinnati, OH area. The newspaper has a weekly circulation of approximately 16,000. It is owned by Sesh Communications Newspapers.
Newspaper Advertising Rate for Cincinnati Herald
The newspaper's estimated ad rateincinnati Herald at (513) 961-3331.
Cincinnati Herald Contact Information
Cincinnati Herald
354 Hearne Ave
Cincinnati, OH 45229-2818
Phone: (513) 961-3331
To update or correct newspaper advertising information on this page, please use the link below:
Other papers in Cincinnati
Cincinnati Enquirer
Cincinnati Post
All Newspapers in Cincinnati
Share this article
Additional Resources for EntrepreneursShopping for noise-cancelling headphones? Here’s where to buy a top-rated pair on sale this week
Our team is dedicated to finding and telling you more about the products and deals we love. If you love them too and decide to purchase through the links below, we may receive a commission. Pricing and availability are subject to change.
Electronics are always a popular gift during the holiday season. Not only are they practical for people of all genders and ages, but there are good options for almost every budget.
If you’re hoping to score a great pair of noise-cancelling headphones on sale during this year’s Black Friday deals, you’re in luck. Tons of stores marked down best-selling styles from brands like Bose, Beats, Sony and more. Even better, both in-ear and over-ear noise-cancelling headphones are currently on sale. Here’s the rundown on which stores you should hit up if you’re looking for new headphones for yourself or someone on your holiday shopping list:
Noise-Cancelling Headphones On Sale
Headphones on sale at Amazon
Headphones on sale at Walmart
Headphones on sale at Target
Headphones on sale at Best Buy
Headphones on sale at Bose
Need a little help deciding on a specific pair of noise-cancelling headphones? Check out the list below. It includes a bunch of the top-rated models from the best brands. No matter which pair you buy, you’re not likely to be disappointed.
Bose Headphones On Sale
Bose QuietComfort 35 II Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, $179 (Orig. $349)
Bose Noise Cancelling Headphones 700 with Charging Case, $339 (Orig. $419)
SoundLink® around-ear wireless headphones II, $179 (Orig. $229)
Bose QuietComfort® Earbuds, $199 (Orig. $279)
Bose QuietComfort® 45 headphones, $279 (Orig. $329)
QuietComfort 35 wireless headphones II, $199 (Orig. $299)
Beats Headphones On Sale
Beats Solo Pro Wireless Noise Cancelling On-Ear Headphones, $99 (Orig. $149)
Beats Solo Pro Wireless Noise Cancelling On-Ear Headphones, $169.99 (Orig. $299.95)
Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones, $99.99 (Orig. $199.95)
Beats Studio3 Wireless Noise Cancelling Over-Ear Headphones, $329 ($Orig. $349.95)
Beats Studio Buds – True Wireless Noise Cancelling Earbuds, $87.99-$91.99
Beats Studio3 Wireless Noise Cancelling On-Ear Headphones, $241.50 (Orig. $349.95)
Other Noise-Cancelling Headphones On Sale
Philips Fidelio X3 Wired Over-Ear Open-Back Headphones, $199 (Orig. $349)
Sony WH-XB910N Extra BASS Noise Cancelling Headphones, $148 (Orig. $249.99)
JBL Tune 660NC Wireless On-Ear Active Noise Cancelling Headphones, $49.95 (Orig. $119.99)
Anker Soundcore Life Q20 Hybrid Active Noise Cancelling Headphones, $51.99 (Orig. $59.99)
COWIN E7 MD Active Noise Cancelling Bluetooth Headphones with Microphone, $44.99 (Orig. $79.99)
Skullcandy Hesh ANC Noise Canceling Bluetooth Wireless Over-Ear Headphones, $79.99 (Orig. $134.99)
If you liked this story, check out the best Black Friday deals on Amazon.
More from In The Know:
Anthropologie's Black Friday deals include 30% off clothing, furniture, decor and more
You can get up to 50% off during Nike's Black Friday sale — but these styles are an extra 20% off
Lots of stylish boots and shoes are up to 50% off at the Cole Haan Black Friday sale
The 5 best tech gifts under $100 that rival the best on the market
The post Shopping for noise-cancelling headphones? Here’s where to buy a top-rated pair on sale this week appeared first on In The Know.Nearby Schools
J.l. FrancisElementary School
Elkhardt - ThompsonMiddle School
HuguenotHigh School
Description
A New Construction Home For The Holidays! Gorgeous Spacious Colonial. No detail is missed in this Spacious 3 bedroom, 3 and 1 half bath home. This house features Living room which can easily double as an office. Open floor plan with 9ft ceilings though out the 1st floor, allows for entertaining family & friends in the great room while cooking in the kitchen. Kitchen features walk in pantry, 42” Maple wood cabinets, Pendant lights over granite counter top island, and stainless steel appliances. Carpeted First floor primary suite has 10ft trey ceiling with ensuite bathroom that features spa like shower and walk In closet. LED lights lights through out the house. Luxury Vinyl plank floors through out the first floor. Upstairs has 2 more Spacious bedrooms, and oversized loft area. 2nd bedroom with ensuite bathroom. 12x12 deck. Oversized Side load 2 car garage . Access to upper reservior. Tree lined street with light posts in the neighborhood. All of this on your .48 acres. Make this house your home for the holidays!Cornish, ME42 Kimball Hill Road
MLS Number 1514825
- Residential
- MLS Status Pending
- Address 42 Kimball Hill Road
- Location Rural
- Bedrooms 3
This charming 3 bedroom 2 1/2 bath house with a nod to the arts and crafts era sits nestled into the slopes of Kimball Hill, just minutes from the quaint village of Cornish. The living room is bathed in sunlight from the windows wrapping around the entire front of the house. Enjoy the open floor plan for ease of entertaining. Cozy up in the window seat or in front of the wood stove. The finished third floor can be a bedroom, home office, exercise area or mix of all three. Well maintained and cared for.Detached 2 car garage and storage for all your toys. Separate gardening / woodshed next to the vegetable garden. A front porch you will relish more than you thought possible. Sheltered, quiet, private yet close to town and everything this area is desirable for. New garage in 2014, new roof in 2015, new porch in 2016. Automatic stand-by generator for peace of mind. This VERY efficient home offers oil and wood heat for convenience and ambiance. Additional features are high speed internet, invisible dog fence, dog door, harvestable timber and a quiet country road. Organic vegetable farm just a short walk away with a local CSA. Minutes from Long Pond and Sokokis Lake for swimming, boating and fishing. Close to the White Mountains for everything they offer. Trails on your own 10 acres for walking, snowshoeing and enjoying.Nearby Hosac, Vernon Walker Wildlife Management Area and Sawyer Mountains for hiking and recreation. Expansive flower gardens/rock wall paths.
Listed by Paul Howe of Keller Williams Realty
Virtual TourSave FavoriteSchedule TourAsk A QuestionMore Details
Social Links UtilBarWrapRené.
- Recommended
- New In
- Price High to Low
- Price Low to High
Crystal-embellished leather sandals
Bow-detailed crystal-embellished satin and metallic leather mules
Crystal-embellished printed leather flip flops
Cleo crystal-embellished satin and leather sandals
Embellished satin and metallic leather mules
Embellished satin and leather sandals
Crystal-embellished leather sandals
Crystal-embellished leather and ribbed-knit ankle boots
Crystal-embellished leather and ribbed cashmere-blend ankle boots
Cleo crystal-embellished satin sandals
Faux pearl and crystal-embellished leather ankle boots
Crystal-embellished lizzard-effect leather slingback sandals
Cleo embellished metallic satin and leather sandals
Diana crystal-embellished metallic leather sandals
Crystal-embellished leather and ribbed cashmere-blend boots
Crystal-embellished leather knee boots
Bika crystal-embellished leather Chelsea boots
Cleo crystal-embellished satin and leather sandals
Crystal-embellished leather and suede sneakers
Crystal-embellished metallic leather and mesh slingback pumps
Diana crystal-embellished metallic leather sandals
Crystal-embellished leather knee boots
Grace embellished cashmere over-the-knee boots
Cleo crystal-embellished leather sandals
Cleo crystal-embellished satin and leather sandalsI absolutely love this Himalayan Salt Lamp! It is small and perfect for a desk decorative light, a night light, or just for a pretty household decoration. It came well packaged; there was no damage to the box or the product when it arrived. It also arrived on time. I took this out of the box immediately when it arrived, as I was excited to receive it as I’ve never had one of the salt lamps before. Salt lamps are designed to remove negative ions from your home, or so the listing tells me, but I’ve just always found them to be lovely pieces of decoration. It came with the light-bulb, usb plug and wall adapter, and the actual lamp itself.
The Amazon listing says that the lamp is about 3.5*2.6*2.6 inches, which is consistent with the product I received. The salt lamp is built well, solid and sturdy. The salt formation’s appearance is also consistent with the Amazon listing. It’s petals each look individually strong, so I am not concerned that it will fall apart if it was accidentally knocked over by one of my cats. It is a bit smaller than I would have expected, but it is a great size for a night light, which is exactly what the listing describes it as. I will say that I doubt that it would be very effective at removing negative ions because of its small size. I think a larger one would be more appropriate for that purpose.
The best part, in my opinion, is that the light changes colors so the lamp glows in many different colors. I took a picture of quite a few of them for you to see, but I cannot promise that I managed to capture them all and I can only post 5 here. There is definitely a blue, green, red, purple, and white color in the rotation.
There are a couple of the slight drawbacks. You have to unplug the lamp to turn it off, as there is not an actual on and off switch. If they ever decide to tweak the design, I would definitely add a switch to it. Otherwise, the only drawback that I can see is that the health benefits might be limited by the small size of the lamp.
This lamp definitely earns a 5 out of 5 stars for its purpose as a Himalayan Salt Lamp night light. If I ordered it to be a full size lamp, it would likely be to small but it is perfect for a decorative light or a night light.
#RankBoosterReview #Sponsored #Niubity
Product Link:
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.Photo Flash: Publicity Shots for freeFall Theatre's INTO THE WOODS.
INTO THE WOODS stars Broadway's Ann Morrison (MERRILY WE ROLL ALONG, Original Broadway cast and several appearances at 54 Below) as The Witch. INTO THE WOODS also stars T. Robert Pigott as The Baker (Disney's FINDING NEMO The Musical), Lee Anne Mathews as The Baker's Wife (Les Miz at MUNY) and Bay area favorite Matthew McGee as The Narrator/Mysterious Man.
INTO THE WOODS also features Katie Berger, Kelly Pekar, Nick Lerew, Griffeth Whitehurst, Donna DeLonay, Taylor Simmons, Joanna Lauren Mandel and Susan Haldeman. The show is directed by Eric Davis (Creative Loafing's Best Artistic Director 2014) and choreographed by Michael Foley (Cirque Du Soleil, Paris Opera). Michael Raabe (Off-Broadway Production of DISENCHANTED) serves as Musical Director and Arranger. Eric Davis designs sets and costumes and Mike Wood designs the lighting.
freeFall Theatre presents INTO THE WOODS running October 11 through November 9. Russell Buchan and Sylvia Rusche sponsor the show. Contact Matthew McGee at 727-498-5205 (X 7) for information on group rates. Tickets can be obtained by contacting the box office.
Photo Credit: Kevin Tighe
T. Robert Pigott and Lee Ann Mathews
Ann Morrison, Katie Berger, Taylor Simmons, Lee Anne Mathews, T. Robert Pigott, and Kelly Pekarr
Taylor Simmons, Katie Berger, Kelly Pekar, and Ann Morrison
Arts and Culture Alliance starts monthly Newsletter for Members!
Hello Arts and Culture of Central Oregon, We are excited to announce the launch of the first Arts and Culture Alliance Newsletter. The newsletter is distributed monthly and will highlight the robust work of our members and the arts and culture scene in general. The beauty of the newsletter is that YOU, our members, get to publish what you want, when you want. So, let us know what's going on. We can't wait to hear from you. The newsletter is not the only new voice for arts in the region. Jason Graham, AKA MoWo, is the first Creative Laureate for Bend. He will apply his wealth of talents to advocating for arts and culture in Bend and beyond. We are having a reception for him on November 9th at Bright Place Gallery. Come meet our first Creative Laureate (More information HERE). Arts and Culture is thriving in Central Oregon. Many of our members held successful events in October. We also have new and potential members who are establishing new venues in communities from La Pine to Prineville. Come join your fellow ACAers at the reception and the ACA Holiday Party (December 19th at At Liberty RSVP HERE) to celebrate these successes and to look for opportunities to collaborate. Kevin Barclay ACA Board ChairIngredients
500 g (1 lb) Deboned, Skinless Chicken fillets ( 4)
1 bottle Nando’s Sun dried Tomato Marinade
50g ( 1/4 cup) Bread crumbs
50g ( 1/4 cup) Parmesan Cheese
20g (1/4 cup) freshly chopped Basil leaves
1 cup dried Cous Cous
1 lemon
30g pitted Black olives, coarsely chopped
30g Italian Flat leave parsley, coarsely chopped
Salt
Instructions
Marinade Chicken breast in Nando’s Hot Peri Peri marinade for 25 minutes. Mix bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese and freshly chopped Basil together.
Preheat oven to 350°F
Remove chicken fillets from the marinade and crumb in the crumb mixture.
Place on an roasting rack and bake for 30 min. at 350°F
In the meanwhile prepare the Cous cous:
Steam cous cous according to manufacturer’s instruction. Season to taste. Stir in the grated rind of one lemon, the chopped olives and the chopped parsley. Spoon cous cous into a flat serving dish, and place the Crumbed Chicken Breast on the Cous Cous. Drizzle with extra leftover marinade.Doing the OXFAM TRAILWALKER? You will want to read on. A good experience depends on it.
The worldwide Oxfam Trail Walker event sees groups of 4 walkers complete a course of 100km in under 48 hours, raising money to help tackle poverty around the world. Melbourne’s turn at this incredible event is scheduled for 27th and 28th of March and this year a new course has been selected, from Churchill Park in Lysterfield to Heidelberg.
Even though this is a walking event as opposed to an ultra-distance run (though people do run it), the fact that it is a walk does not mean preparation isn’t crucial. It is. You wouldn’t turn up to run a marathon on limited training or knowledge, so why would you do that when you are preparing to walk 100km? I ask that question having seen many times people do just that, and it still defies belief in my mind!!!
I have volunteered as a Podiatry Supervisor a number of time and have seen all manner of foot injuries, many of which have ended a walker’s event. Most of which are preventable. Lack of preparation, prevention and knowledge are the 3 things that cause the vast majority of withdrawals from the event, and I can tell you that it is devastating to have to pull out. You start as a team, and the thought of letting those team mates down is awful. So why risk it?
The 3 most common reasons people fail
Blisters:
The most common reason people withdraw is due to blisters. On the tops of the feet, on the toes, around the heels and the arch. And not just little blisters. Think, a day in heels at the Melbourne cup blisters. X 10. They are excruciating. And they can happen early in the event if you are not prepared. Bearing in mind you will take over 300,000 steps during the event, you do not want to develop a blister at the 10 km mark because your shoes don’t fit. Or you haven’t tested your socks. Or you have a hammer toe that you hadn’t considered beforehand.
There are many brands of socks on the market that claim to prevent blisters. The only way to know what works for you is to try a few different ones. The same goes with taping techniques and blisters pads like Compeed. You just have to test them out. We have tested out a number of different socks including Armaskin, Steigen and Lightfoot. The Armaskin is brilliant but it's an unusual feel under the foot and some people don't like it. Personally, I've never had a blister while wearing them though!
Lack of preparation
The second reason people end the event early is through simple lack of time on their feet during training. Yes, going for a 70km walk on a Saturday isn’t particularly convenient but you need to be working towards that distance in your training. I have run a number of marathons and I always ran at least one training run of 80% of the marathon distance. You need to get the time in your legs and on your feet. It is the only way to know how your body is going to feel in the late stages of the event. There is just under 6 weeks until the event so you should be getting pretty close to your long walk. A very old rule of thumb, and one I still use is to increase your training load (so distance) by 10% a week assuming you have no injuries. I would most certainly recommend you have walked 70km at least once during your training, preferably on the trail itself.
Lack of knowledge
Some questions to ask yourself:
- have I tested my gear over 40km?
- if you developed a blister early on, would you know how to deal with it?
- what’s the best way to tape your feet to prevent rubbing and blisters?
- do I know what to carry in my pack to treat any blisters?
- do your shoes fit? Length, width and depth.
- do you need a more supportive shoe than you normally wear, just because of the length of time you'll be on your feet? I know normally wear a LunarGlide. For the concrete parks of the course I will wear a pair of Brooks Adrenaline. I would never wear something with this much support day to day.
- what type of shoes should you wear?
- have a decided if I will wear runners or trail shoes, or a combination. If so, when will you change?
- do you need different socks for different shoes? My trail shoes come up my ankle much higher so I need
longer socks. You don't want to find that out at 30km and not those in your pack
This is all crucial information but often overlooked during the training period.
So how do you make sure you are not one of the people making these mistakes? That my friend is the easiest part of your Oxfam journey.
You make an appointment with our podiatrists.
Simple.
In an ideal world we recommend:
1. Biomechanical assessment and general treatment appointment
If you want to have this done, it needs to be done now. It is to late a fortnight out. We will check your feet and leg joints for ranges of motion and alignment to assess any potential biomechanical issues that may predispose you to injuries or blisters during training or during the event. Advise on footwear and sock choices, as well as taping techniques. All of this needs to be tested during training. It is a rookie mistake to try something untested on the day of the event (trust me, I wore 2 pairs of socks in a marathon once untested and lost 6 toenails) Advise on what to do in the event of a ‘hot spot’ or blister developing. Advise on what to carry in your pack. Complete a general treatment, removing callous and corns and properly cutting your nails
2. General treatment appointment – 1 week before the event (30 mins)Complete a general treatment, removing callous and corns and properly cutting your nails so your feet are in tip top shape for the event. We recommend doing this a week prior.
3. Taping appointment – 1 day before the event (30 mins)This is so you avoid having to line up at the start of the event at the taping booths and it is done in the way best suited to you. Think low stress.
As a practitioner having been involved in this event over many years, it is incredibly satisfying to have clients complete the event unscathed. It is such an enormous achievement and we are privileged to be a part of the journey. Please take the time to be assessed and advised properly to give yourself the best shot at a successful event.Biggleswade Conservative Tennis Club
Biggleswade Conservative Tennis Club is a small, friendly club who cater for a wide range of playing abilities. From those looking to take up the sport to the more competent match player looking to compete in the Bedfordshire Leagues. All ages and standards are welcome to join and participate.
Social Play
Why not dust off your rackets and trainers and come and join in some social tennis on Tuesday evenings or Sundays mornings. Perfect for staying active, meeting new friends and playing some tennis.
Coaching
Unfortunately the club does not offer any form of coaching. So, if that is top of your list, it might be best to look at other local clubs.
Competitive Tennis
Club team compete in the local Bedfordshire Leagues. This offers a range of competitive opportunities for all standards.
Membership
To join the Tennis Club you are required to be a member of the Conservative Club too. However, overall membership fees are affordable and a few options are available.
Extras
The club also boasts an old fashioned clubhouse and veranda which overlooks the first two courts – an ideal position to watch the matches whilst waiting for a game. Finally, A range of events take place throughout the year.Georgian College Indigenous Services, will host a special event to mark Sept. 30 – the inaugural National Day for Truth and Reconciliation. The day is an opportunity to reflect upon the devastating legacy of residential schools and to become more aware of our collective responsibilities for reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples and nations.
In the Spirit of Reconciliation: A National Day for Truth and Reconciliation is an opportunity for Georgian students, employees and the community to join in an engaging conversation about what we can do to honour the spirit of reconciliation on Sept. 30 and every day.
This virtual event will feature Dr. Cynthia Wesley-Esquimaux, Honourary Witness to the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada Hearings.
Dr. Wesley-Esquimaux has written several academic articles focused on the history of intergenerational trauma that Indigenous Peoples continue to experience in their day-to-day lives. She is also deeply committed to environmental and humanitarian causes.
In 2013, Dr. Wesley-Esquimaux joined Lakehead University as the Vice-Provost for Aboriginal Initiatives. In 2016, Lakehead appointed her as the first Chair in Canada dedicated to Truth and Reconciliation. Her mandate includes providing advice to Lakehead’s president on issues regarding Indigenous Peoples, and engaging people across Canada in a dialogue on diversity, collaboration and inclusion.
The event is free and starts at 11 a.m. It will be offered online through Webex. You can register for the event on EventBrite.
[…] by connecting with and supporting Indigenous organizations, businesses and communities, she said. The National Day for Truth and Reconciliation is “a moment of reflection, a moment of memorialization,” but it’s also an important reminder […]- Multi-Purpose System, Well Configured for Entertainment, Productivity and Connectivity
- 16:9 Screen Aspect Ratio Ideal for Viewing Movies
- Personalize with Advanced Features Like Facial Recognition Security, Bluetooth and Blu-Ray
Dell today announced the Inspiron 15 laptop, the latest addition to the Inspiron line of systems offering solid performance and smart style at a great value. The Inspiron.
- The Inspiron 15 delivers solid performance and smart style, with a 15.6-inch LCD screen with a 16:9 aspect ratio — ideal for watching movies — up to 4GB of memory and up to 320 GB of storage.
- Select configurations of Inspiron 15 available now at Best Buy stores in the U.S., and PC World and Curry’s in the U.K. Online availability through Dell.com planned for later in January.
- Optional features include: Intel Core 2 Duo processors, integrated webcam, Blu-ray, Bluetooth and facial recognition software.
“Building on the Inspiron platform of mainstream solutions, Inspiron 15 expands laptop personalization through attractive design, an array of optional features and an affordable price,” said Glen Robson, general manager of consumer notebooks. “By listening to customers we’ve created an ideal multi-purpose system with a range of choices that help them create a custom match for their specific needs and deeds.”
Infoblox Federal Raspberry Pi Event - DNS Security Data Exfiltration Workshop
This event qualifies for 1 CPEs
Registration for this event is now closed
Join us on Wednesday, December 1st for a two-hour enablement security workshop. This workshop will walk system engineers through the conceptual abstracts of DNS security and bring a hands-on demonstration to enable you to become advocates within your associated agency for securing DNS by utilizing the Infoblox Security Solutions.
Workshop Focus:
- DNS security
- Methodology of a DNS based cyber-attack
- Training on the fundamentals of DNS security
- Walking attendees through the generation of a DNS based data exfiltration event
- The detection and analysis of such an event
This is an engineer focused event. To facilitate the workshop, the course will utilize a Raspberry Pi configured as a DNS Sinkhole to demonstrate the initial concepts of Indicators of Compromise (IoC), DNS blacklists, and threat intelligence.
Attendees will be required to configure and install this device to support several labs, where they will perform white hat hacking (ethical hacking) to further understand the scope of DNS attacks. The presentation will include relevant material on how Infoblox can prevent and block a vast array of these types of attacks, including many methods outside the scope of this workshop.
Attending this Infoblox Security Workshop will:
- Bring attendees a unique and compelling event that provides an enhanced understanding of DNS security through both-lecture based education and hands on technical training
- Enable attendees the start to develop a skillset to address DNS threats and understand how easily hackers can commit these attacks
- Demonstrate Infoblox’s security offerings as the industry-leading solution to stop these attacks
All attendees will be shipped Training Courseware before the event which includes:
- Raspberry Pi
- Infoblox DNS Security: Data Exfiltration Workshop Student Guide
- DNS for Dummies Booklet
- Infoblox Notebook
By registering for this event you are accepting the complimentary training package. Should you choose to keep the training package, you are responsible for attending and participating in the training event. If you are unable to attend the event on December 1st, please Samantha Barnes to reschedule the training.
Speaker and Presenter Information
Arthur "Damon" Mills, Sr. Channel Solutions Architect, Public Sector, Infoblox
Chris Usserman, Director of Security Architecture, Infoblox
Andrew Callan, Systems Engineer, ClearShark
Relevant Government Agencies
Other Federal Agencies, Federal Government, State & Local Government
Event Type
Webcast
This event has no exhibitor/sponsor opportunities
When
Wed, Dec 1, 2021, 2:00pm - 4:00pm ET
Cost
Complimentary: $ 0.00
Website
Event Sponsors
Organizer
Infoblox Government Team at CarahsoftTwonky 8.2 Released With IPv6 and Audiobook Support
Lynx Technology, the new name for PacketVideo in North American and Europe has release Twonky 8.2, with IPv6, DIAL, audiobook support and cloud-based capabilities. Lynx said the new features added to Twonky 8.2 were in direct response to changing consumer preferences regarding media consumption in the connected home.
The The platform already offers broad support for systems such as Apple iOS, Android, Linux, Windows, Mac OS and QNX; plus interoperability support for media platforms such as Apple TV, Roku, Chromecast, and DLNA compatible devices.
Twonky 8.2 will be the first version upgrade under John Driver, CEO of Lynx Technology, who created the company after acquiring PacketVideo’s North American and European Connected Home business operations from parent company NTT DoCoMo. The PacketVideo brand and name will continue its operations in Japan, with no change to the Twonky technology or service offerings in Japan and Asia.
In a statement after the sale, then CEO of PacketVideo, Mark Tapling said, “NTT DoCoMo made the decision to sell PV’s North American and European operations to Lynx Technology due to their management team’s familiarity with and dedication to PacketVideo’s customers and commitment to quality”..2
RESULTS
Language
Each time you solve a crossword puzzle you get 2 Knowledge. Drop in the Mail Crossword Clue has 1 possible solution as listed below.
Greek Mythology Worksheets Coloring Pages Woo Jr Kids Activities Greek Mythology Worksheets Greek Mythology Lessons Ancient Greek Gods
This is a seven days a week crossword puzzle which can be played both online and in the New York Times newspaper.
In the theatre crossword puzzle answers. Grunge rock band behind the hit Miss World crossword clue Land of the pyramids crossword clue Breakfast meat crossword clue Alice in ___ grunge rock band behind the hit Rooster crossword clue Little one in a crib crossword. A timeline of the events leading up to the Declaration of. Here is the answer for.
Or in this puzzle. Next time try using the search term Killing __. Wall between the actors and the SOLILOQUYInner thoughts of a character spoken alone onstage to explore the characters private thoughts.
If you encounter two or more answers look at the most recent one ie the last item on the answers. Break ___ song what characters in musicals do crossword clue which last appeared on Daily Themed Mini Crossword July 18 2021 Puzzle. The answer youre looking for is.
This clue belongs to LA Times. Or phonetically whats found in puzzle answers of more than 10 letters crossword clue answers solutions for the popular game LA Times Crossword. Crossword clue which appeared on Crosswords with Friends August 9 2021.
Nyt Clues By Nate Parkerson. All Crossword Puzzle Answers. TAXIS This crossword clue published 1 times and has 1.
As you know Crossword with Friends is a word puzzle relevant to sports entertainment celebrities and many more categories of the 21st century. Find out the answer for The New Mutants actress who plays a revolutionary in The Suicide Squad. The New York Times Crossword is a must-try word puzzle for all crossword fans.
Were going to free your mind with our amazing data base that weve set up to help you find solutions to lots of clues among them Try ones manipulative procedure in the theatre. We can help you solve those tricky clues in your crossword puzzle. To solve the crossword puzzle you have to click on the blue squares and select the correct letters until the sentence is complete.
This post has the solution for O-line anchor crossword clue. Please double check the answers provided on our site because it is a well-known thing that same crossword. Bright or lively 7 Letters Cause of misery curse 4 Letters Collection of beehives 6 letters Companys resources 6 Letters Encouraged into action 7 Letters Go over again or summarize abbr 5 Letters Gradually ceasing 5 Letters.
Here are all of the crossword puzzle answers in order. SCALPEL The crossword clue In the theatre its incisive published 1 times and has 1 unique answers on our system. The Guardian Cryptic Crossword 28516 Answers The Guardian Cryptic Crossword 28515 Answers Latest Quiptic Crossword Answers The Guardian Quiptic Crossword 1133 Answers The Guardian Quiptic Crossword 1132 Answers.
While searching our database we found. The Declaration of was. Its A 23 letters crossword puzzle definition.
Generic Solver 901 AM. BBC drama crossword clue when searching for help with your puzzle on the web. BBC drama crossword or Killing __.
What you might do after some financial trading. VENUEIn a theatre context the place where the play will be performed 16. In the New York Times Crossword there are lots of words to be found.
9 The Declaration Of Independence Crossword Puzzle Answers Rar. In case something is wrong or missing kindly let me know and I will be more than happy to help you out with the right solution for each of the Thomas Joseph crossword puzzle clues. Work in the kitchen NYT Crossword Clue Answers are listed below and every time we find a new solution for this clue we add it on the answers list.
This is an extremely popular crossword puzzle in which for sure you will pass some great time and also keep your brain sharp with all the interesting crossword clues. It is specifically built to keep your brain in shape thus making you more productive and efficient throughout the day. Find below all The Guardian Cryptic Crossword 28511 Answers.
There is 1 possible solution for the.
Scribd Crossword Puzzle Theatre Terms Crossword
Scribd Crossword Puzzle Theatre Terms Crossword
Crossword Puzzle 1 Print It Free Free Printable Crossword Puzzles Crossword Printable Crossword Puzzles
Shakespeare Plays Crossword Shakespeare Plays Crossword Shakespeare
Antonym Crossword Puzzle Worksheet Education Com In 2021 Crossword Crossword Puzzle Crossword Puzzles
Romeo And Juliet Crossword Puzzle Worksheet Activity Romeo And Juliet Teaching Shakespeare Romeo And Juliet Characters
The Learning Network Crossword Puzzles Crossword Puzzle Crossword
My Washington Post Sunday Challenge Crossword From August 14 2016 It Is Themeless And Features Triple Stacked 15s Through Science Guy Word 16 Bell The Cat
Theater Vocabulary Word Search Puzzle Worksheet Activity Vocabulary Words Drama Vocabulary Drama Words
Crosspatch Puzzle Free Christmas Theme Christmas Puzzle Word Bank Word Search Printables
Greek Deity Crossword Puzzles Little Pagan Acorns Greek Mythology Worksheets Greek Greek Mythology
Lighting Vocabulary Crossword Crossword Puzzle Crossword Vocabulary
Printable Element Crossword Puzzle And Answers Puzzles And Answers Crossword Crossword Puzzle
Egyptian Deity Crossword Puzzles Little Pagan Acorns Egyptian Deity Crossword Deities
Pin By Martin Ashwood Smith On Pro Crosswords Free Printable Crossword Puzzles Crossword Puzzles Printable Crossword Puzzles
Free Printable Spanish Crossword Puzzles From Printablespanish Com Spanish Learning Spanish Spanish Language
Crossword Puzzle Game In English Puzzles With Answers Crossword Puzzle Games Crossword Crossword Puzzle
The Learning Network In 2021 Ancient Greek Theatre Word Puzzles Free Printable Crossword Puzzles
Printable Element Crossword Puzzle And Answers Puzzles And Answers Crossword Crossword Puzzle
Source : pinterest.comYesterday, the 31st of August, 2015, Godswill Akpabio got hospitalised due to his disregard of traffic rules.
Ex governor ignores traffic light, crashes into another car
Yesterday, Godswill Akpabio's refusal to stick to traffic rules resulted in his hospitalisation.
The former governor of Akwa Ibom state narrowly escaped death after his car crashed into another car
Here is how it all went down according to a witness.
 . At the time we brought him out, the siren was still blaring. We put him in the other vehicle and he was rushed to the National Hospital.”
Thankfully, the former governor has been discharged from the National Hospital, Abuja, despite his injuries.
Unfortunately, this incident proves that former and present government officials really do feel entitled and breaktraffic lawsat will.
Hopefully, we can all learn to not disobey traffic rules in order to prevent accidents, traffic jams, and casualties.
To avoid crashing into someone or getting involved in accidents, click on the link below.
JOIN OUR PULSE COMMUNITY!
Eyewitness? Submit your stories now via social or:After the successful completion of IPL, the T20 World Cup is set to begin on Sunday. The team includes India, England, and West Indies. It is the seventh season of the T20 World Cup, which was to be held in India. But due to coronavirus pandemic, the match is being organized in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), however, the host of the match is India. Also Read - ICC T20 World Cup 2021: How to watch free live streaming online, match scores, updates, more
ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2021
Team India’s first warm-up match in the T20 World Cup will be against England on Monday (October 18). India will take on Australia in the second warm-up match on Wednesday (October 20). Also Read - India vs Pakistan ICC T20 World Cup 2021 match today: How to watch online for free
Both the warm-up matches of the Indian cricket team will take place at the Dubai Cricket Stadium. The first warm match of the Indian team will start at 7.30 pm. At the same time, the second practice match of India begins at 3.30 pm. Also Read - ICC 2017 Women's Cricket World Cup: Google doodle celebrates the tournament with interactive game
In Hindi and English commentary, Team India’s T20 World Cup 2021 warm-up matches will be telecast live on Star Sports Network (Star Sports 1, Star Sports 2, and Star Sports 3). You can watch the online live streaming of the Indian team’s T20 World Cup 2021 warm-up matches on Disney + Hotstar.
icc cricket.com
Qualifier round
The Qualifier Round is starting from today in the ICC T20 World Cup. Today the first match in this round will be played between Oman and Papua New Guinea (PNG). After this, there will be a match between Bangladesh and Scotland from 7.30 pm.
Under the leadership of captain Virat Kohli, Team India will start its T20 campaign against Pakistan in this tournament on October 24.
Where to watch
Cricket fans can watch the live telecast of practice matches on Star Sports while the live streaming of these matches can be seen on Hotstar. The T20 World Cup is being organized for the first time in the last five years. The last time it was organized in 2016, and the West Indies team became the champion.
4-4 teams divided into 2 groups, and two teams from these two groups will qualify for the next round and join 8 teams divided into two teams. The main round matches of the World Cup will starts from October 24. There will be 6-6 teams in two groups. The top two teams will qualify for the semi-finals.
The stage is set for the ICC Men's #T20WorldCup 2021!
Co-hosts Oman will take on Papua New Guinea in the opening clash 💪
Hear what the players have to say ahead of the exciting game 👇
— T20 World Cup (@T20WorldCup21) October 17, 2021
Star Network has the rights for live telecasting the T20 World Cup. Apart from the Indian subcontinent, live telecasts of these matches will be telecast on the same network in other countries, including Sri Lanka, Bhutan, Bangladesh, and the Maldives.
You can watch the live telecast of all matches on Star Sports 2 Hindi channels. Additionally, you can also watch live streaming on the Disney Plus Hotstar app. You will also enjoy T20 World Cup matches in theaters this year as well. For cricket fans, T20 World Cup matches will be shown on the big screen in 75 cinemas across 35 cities, including the capital Delhi, Mumbai, Pune, and Ahmedabad.
Match and team list schedulecounterfitstudio
Holster bag in suede leather
- Regular price
- $135.00 USD
- Regular price
- Sale price
- $135.00 USD
- Unit price
- per
A great everyday Accecoir for him and her. Original design from the Guatemalan horsemen which we took into our studio and upgraded and gave it the perfect modern and urban twist. Comfortable to wear due to its pattern and design, perfect volume size which fits your phone, a power bank, wallet and so much more.
Easy to wear, option to adjust the length of the shoulder strap, high-quality suede leather made by an artisan in Yucatan, Mexico, and versatile wearable with everything.
Upgrade your look, 3 colors available, and definitely a new Essential for us!
- 100% veggie tanned leather
- made in Mexico
- black, olive and natural available
- YKK zipper
CJC recommends ‘modest’ Guideline Hourly Rate rises
The Civil Justice Council has today recommended increases in the Guideline Hourly Rates ranging from 7% to nearly 35%, dependent on grade and location.
Its recommendations appear in a keenly awaited 100-page report produced by a working group led by Mr Justice Stewart. Responding, the Law Society said the rates were ‘long overdue for review’, but stressed any changes must be considered in the context of other civil justice reforms.
GHRs have not risen since 2010. A previous attempt to revise them in 2014, led by a CJC sub-committee led by Mr Justice Foskett, ended in failure. Lawyers were unforthcoming with commercially sensitive information surrounding what they charge their clients. Though that sub-committee did recommend changes, then master of the rolls Lord Dyson declined to implement them because he said they were not based on adequate evidence.
‘We are pleased to see the Civil Justice Council’s report on guideline hourly rates has now been published - including points for consultation,’ the Law Society’s head of justice Richard Miller said this afternoon.
‘Guideline hourly rates for solicitors have not been changed in over 10 years and were long overdue a review. Revised rates would give both solicitors and their clients greater clarity about costs and we look forward to responding to the consultation points raised in the report.’
He added:
‘Although this report has been carried out as a standalone piece of work, it will be important to consider these changes in the context of other civil justice reforms including the Ministry of Justice’s work on fixed recoverable costs and the wider HMCTS reform programme.’
The recommended new rates, described in the report as ‘modest’, range from £512 (London 1, Grade A) to £126 (National 2, Grade D). The CJC report also proposes limited amendments to the geographical areas relevant to GHR bands.
Today’s report, which is out for consultation until 31 March, can be read here:
The issue of guideline hourly rates has increasingly come under scrutiny in recent years, with judges suggesting in costs rulings that they are no longer applicable.
In PLK & Ors last year, a Court of Protection case, Master Whalan said that if hourly rates claimed fell within around 120% of the 2010 guideline rates, they should be regarded as ‘prima facie reasonable’, albeit still subject to assessment.
In Cohen v Fine & Ors from November 2020, Judge Hodge drew on his experience of sitting in those courts both in the Rolls Building and the north-west, to assert that until the CJC’s formal review was published, ‘the guideline hourly rates should be the subject of, at least, an increase that takes due account of inflation’.…
Manufacturing Test Engineer - CONTRACT
To support production a functional test cell in the efficient execution of complex electronic assembly diagnostics and test equipment maintenance acti
Senior Media Developer - Training Solutions
Senior Media Developer Location - Portsmouth The Senior Media Developer is responsible for the development of learning and training materials and cour
Quality Assurance Test Lab Associate
Quality Assurance Test Lab Associate Location - Portsmouth NB Start date Oct 21, interviews to begin mid June onwards The Quality Assurance Test Lab A
Systems Engineer
Role: Systems Engineer Location: Harlow Req ID: 177991BR The Weapons area primarily supports the design, development, production and integration activ
Electrical Design Engineer
Role: Electrical Design Engineer Location: Harlow Req ID: 177874BR The Weapons area primarily supports the design, development, production and integra
Principal Hardware Engineer (APNT)
Role: Principal Hardware Engineer Location: Harlow ID - 178220BR Raytheon UK is looking for an experienced and high performing Principal Senior Engine
Instructional Designer
Instructional Designer Location - Portsmouth RPS is looking for an early career instructional designer. This position is responsible for the design an
Statutory Accountant
Date Posted: 2021-02-12-08:00 Country: United Kingdom Location: Goodrich Control Systems, Finance Shared Services and Corporate, Fore 1, Fore Business
Manufacturing Test Engineer
To support production functional test cell in the efficient execution of complex electronic assembly diagnostics and test equipment maintenance activi
Senior Industrial Engineer
To provide Industrial Engineering support to Raytheon sites, functions and customers. The role requires a multi-skilled engineer to develop and drive...Latest Updates on AFC cup 2021
2021-01-26
Hong Kong Football Association received the letter from The Asian Football Confederation today that due to the withdrawal of the Clubs from Macau, Lee Man qualified to the Group J of AFC Cup directly and will face teams of Eastern Long Lions (Hong Kong), Tainan City FC (Chinese Taipei) and Athletic 220 FC (MNG). AFC Cup Group J will be played from 14 to 20 May and match venue will be announced by AFC.
The draw ceremonies of AFC Champions League 2021 and AFC Cup 2021 will be held tomorrow (27 Jan 2021).- Bare Bones Blog Team
Conducting Business Internationally
Have you ever traveled somewhere where people were on a completely different time schedule than you? That’s because different countries have varying definitions of punctuality and what it means to be on time. For example, Germans live by the clock culture, while Italians are very laid back and have a “go with the flow” mentality.
Ancient countries like Egypt and India don’t even really believe in time, they think it is natural and therefore minutes or even hours shouldn't be taken into account. On the other hand, a “time is money” attitude exists in places like Switzerland, and arriving late to anything is considered rude. In some cultures, success and achievement are even based on timeliness and meeting deadlines.
In business settings, punctuality can have a lot of hidden meanings. One culture may think being late is normal, while another may perceive it as rude. So, how can we make better distinctions between cultures and be respectful when doing business internationally? One answer is to simply be aware of your surroundings and understand that the business people across the table may not have the same beliefs as you.
Another important thing that we do on a daily basis is eat and drink. Etiquette also majorly varies from country to country. Eating a sandwich with your hands in Brazil is considered disrespectful, while you are supposed to not eat all of your meal in China. Take all of these things into consideration when you're on your next international business trip!
For a more detailed description of how punctuality, etiquette, and business works around the world visit this page:. Also, contact Bare Bones Translations to schedule your cultural training today!
References:
#CulturalTraining #InternationalBusiness #EtiquetteAlthough we don’t find the actual announcement of the final acquisition of Boss Media by Lottomatica subsidiary GTech in their news archives, we do find them raising their offer in February 2008, and making an announcement in March of 2008 that “Lottomatica Subsidiary GTECH Corporation, and Medstroms AB Acquire Approximately 92 Percent of Boss Media AB”.
We then see on page 112 of the Lottomatica Group 2009 Financial Report that on Sept 8 the deal is completed by a Swedish private limited liability company controlled by GTECH Global Services Corporation (“GGSC”), GEMed, and on page 193 we see that “On April 1, 2010, Medströms exercised its put right and on April 12, 2010, GGSC paid Medstrom SEK 200 million
(€20.5 million at the transaction date) for the remaining 12.546% interest in GEMed. Making Boss Media 100% owned by GTECH Global Services Corporation.
Following is the GTech press release announcing the acquisition of 92 Percent of Boss Media AB. The remaining 8% was subsequently acquired as can be seen in the financial report referenced above. This post is being made for archival and historical purposes, and as such we will provide the Lottomatica/GTech original press release in it’s entirety. The press release can be found here:
LOTTOMATICA SUBSIDIARY GTECH CORPORATION AND MEDSTROMS AB ACQUIRE APPROXIMATELY 92 PERCENT OF BOSS MEDIA AB
ROME (ITALY) – PROVIDENCE, RHODE ISLAND (US), March 03, 2008 – Lottomatica S.p.A.’s wholly-owned subsidiary, GTECH Corporation, and Medströms AB announced today that the public cash offer to the shareholders of Boss Media AB to acquire all outstanding shares of Boss Media at SEK25.00 (€2.66) has resulted in the Companies acquiring approximately 92 percent of the outstanding share capital and voting rights in Boss Media.
The offer period has expired and the Companies have declared the offer unconditional. Having surpassed certain ownership thresholds, Swedish law allows for GTECH and Medströms to request that the Board of Directors of Boss Media commence a process to compel the sale of the remaining minority interests.
Further detailed information may be obtained at. .
Lottomatica is one of the world’s approximately €1.7 billion in revenues and 5,900 employees in over 45:Just One Moment of your time could make a difference to our staff.
Outstanding NHS employees are honoured annually at Blackpool Teaching Hospitals’ Celebrating Success Awards ceremony – and we are asking patients, carers and members of the public to nominate staff who have gone above and beyond the call of duty to care for patients and their families.
Last year more than 150 nominations were made for teams and individuals working for the Trust in the highly coveted Weightmans’ Patients’ Award category.
The judging panel was delighted that so many people took the time to nominate members of staff for The Weightmans Patients’ Award. Our judges are hoping there will be even more entries for this special award in 2019.
The Weightmans’ Patients’ Award is part of the annual Celebrating Success Awards which celebrate the excellent care that members of staff give every day at Blackpool Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.
If you would like to nominate a member of staff from either the community or acute hospital who gave you, or someone in your family, an exceptional level of care – we’d love to hear from you.
You can nominate by contacting the Communications Office at Blackpool Teaching Hospitals on 01253 953059 or by writing to them at Communications Office, Home 15, Whinney Heys Road, Blackpool FY3 8NR and requesting a nomination form.
Alternatively, you can take One Moment to fill in our online application form at
Nominations for the 2019 awards close on Friday, July 26th, 2019. The judging panel will meet in August, with the shortlist published on our website shortly after.
The overall winner in this section last year was Ann Brumfield, a housekeeper at Blackpool Victoria Hospital who was nominated several times by grateful patients, who described her as kind, caring, professional, polite, helpful, friendly, compassionate, lovely and fantastic.
The entire event was funded thanks to the generosity of sponsors and supporters.
Kevin McGee, Interim Chief Executive said: “I have only been at the Trust a short time but I have heard a lot about these awards and how each year the Board is overwhelmed by the quality and quantity of applications received.
“It is always humbling to read reports of the care and expertise our staff give to the patients both in the acute hospital and in the community. I have already seen so much great work and talent across the Trust and it will be great to see this recognised.
“It is important that we commend all staff for their hard work and excellent care and recognise those who really stand out to our patients. Last year we saw record entries in this category, which goes to show how much our staff are appreciated by our patients and their families.”Cassie Culottes // Mid Blue Denim
The Cassie Culottes are the perfect retro-basic addition to your wardrobe. They sit beautifully high and flat over the waist and hips. The rectangular pockets are functional and complete the retro 70's inspired look. Wear these with boots, wedges or sneakers and one of our cute Hey Jude Designs blouses.
- Mid blue denim
- Zip centre front
- High waisted
- Wide leg
- Large flat pockets finished with turn and button
- Beautiful fit
Material: 100% cotton denim
Care: Cold hand wash. Do not tumble dry. Cool iron.
Designed in Wollongong, NSW Australia
Ethically made in Ho Chi Minh Vietnam
Model wears size 8 - see garment measurements
SIZING
Length: 75cm
Measurements are based on the garment laid flat. For body circumference, multiply by 2.
- Size 6: waist 36cm, hips 43cm
- Size 8: waist 37cm, hips 44cm
- Size 10: waist 38cm, hips 45cm
- Size 12: waist 39cm, hips 47cm
- Size 14: waist 41cm, hips 49cm
- Size 16: waist 43cm, hips 52cm
- Size 18: waist 45cm, hips
Oh my! I love this so much. So very flattering and comfy, has some stretch to it. High waist makes me look very slim. I’m tall, 177 cms, and I was worried about the length of it. I paired it with the mustard Gladys blouse and felt like singing working 9-5 non-stop. Very stylish, elegant, funky and feminine. Love it! .
The Anime Research Society is available every Wednesday. Tune in and don’t miss a minute of the fun!
Don’t forget to tune in every Friday to the Pixels & Ink!Blitzhandel24 UK has the following Voucher Code Promotion:-
Secure an unbelievable 20% discount on the purchase of Kaspersky antivirus software now.
Valid from 12/03/2021 13:25:00 to 12/03/2031 13:24:00 inclusive, please do not attempt to use outside of this period.
Terms Apply :- Only while stocks last
Use Voucher Code “blitzkaspersky20 ” at Blitzhandel24 UKIf you are looking to expand your sales territory and have not yet put Latin America on your bill of lading, you're missing a golden opportunity. Latin America offers the fastest-growing regional e-commerce marketplace in the world. Last year, the total retail e-commerce sales to the LATAM region grew 36.7 percent to $84.95 billion. That is still growing this year.
Categories
E-Commerce Opportunities Abound in Latin America, Despite ChallengesThe Kroger supermarket chain has launched a new corporate website to discuss the company's values and projects through employee voices from across the country.
According to Jessica Adelman, Kroger's group VP of corporate affairs, the move was inspired by the growing trend of customers making decisions about where to shop and where to work based on shared values. In addition, the decision is based on how well the consumer understands the ways in which the company makes a difference for shoppers, communities and the world.
Kroger plans to show its commitment to these identities through credible, authentic stories, told by the employees themselves. The new website features a variety of voices, sharing stories about Kroger's staff, innovative projects and the ideas that are forming the way society eats, drinks and thinks about food. The multimedia site will feature both long- and short-form written content as well as videos and photographs.
"On any given day, nearly half a million Kroger associates are doing incredible work. We get a fresh chance to make personal connections, to lift people up and lighten their load," said Ann Reed, vice president of Customer 1st Promise. "Krogerstories.com is designed to elevate these unique stories and share the difference our wonderful associates make for our customers, communities and each other."
RELATED: Kroger opens 'grocerant' concept
There are about 443,000 Kroger associates who serve in 2,796 food stores under a variety of local banner names, in 35 states and the District of Columbia. The company recently announced the hiring of 10,000 new employees.
Some of the company's charitable programs include support for more than 100 Feeding America food bank partners, breast cancer research, military families and more than 145,000 community organizations.Note Book in Cowhide Double Leather color Natural - ONO013
Special Price €56.00 Regular Price €80.00
3 Colors
Product code ONO013PV0001NA106X
Material: Cowhide Double Leather
Color: Natural
Details and interiorCowhide leather notebook with striped recycled-paper notepad. Made in Italy by master craftsmen in Il Bisonte's 30 km supply chain. Cardboard-covered graph paper notebook with logo..Hello WHC!
It’s the first week of practices for the 2016-2017 season! How exciting!
A few things to keep in mind:
- The gym can be very busy, especially with teams transitioning in and out at the same time. Please be patient, as our walking areas are not very wide.
- Parents are asked to remain inside the rooms while viewing. We realize you may not get the best view possible, but we would like to be able to keep the walkways clear. Also, the gym can be very loud with two teams at once, and it can be difficult for athletes to hear the coaches if there is a lot of ambient noise. Please be mindful of this.
- Please drive slowly in the parking lot. Ther are many small kids running about!
- The WHC Office is the last room along the orange wall. The pro-shop is also in the office. Feel free to pop in and say hi!
- We will have lots of staff available in the next week or so to help answer any questions you may have. Each team has several “Team Managers” who will help answer your questions about cheer, take payments, and sell pro-shop items.
- Remember to bring water, especially during these warm months. We do have water for sale in the kitchen for $1/bottle if you forget.
- Lockers are available to rent for the season at a price of $20 plus HST. If you are interested in renting a locker, please email sasha@westhalifaxcheer.com.
- Please remember no outside footwear on our mats/equipment please!
Absences: If you cannot attend your practice for any reason, please send a quick email to staff@westhalifaxcheer.com. You will reach all the coaches and managers at once. The earlier the better. With enough notice, the coaches can attempt to get a replacement athlete for you during your absence so the team can still work on their choreography.
Other upcoming events:
Summer Camp: WHC is offering 4 awesome weeks of summer camp! Please click here for more information and to register! You don’t have to be a WHC athlete to attend, it’s open to everyone from age 4/5 (starting school in September 2016) to age 11.
Team Builders: All teams will be organizing a team builder at some point over the summer/fall 2016, once we get a few more weeks into the season. Last year, some teams went to Get Air, some went camping, some had a sleepover in the gym – stay tuned for more info on these events!
Group tumbling: Many of you have been asking about a group tumbling session (or two) this summer. We are working on a few options for everyone, and will be able to publish some information regarding these optional classes as soon as possible, with the expectation that they will be for July & August.
Thanks,
Erica, Jana, and AshleySo you’re engaged and beginning to plan your wedding. If you read my post about what to do now that you’re engaged you’ll be thinking about those important first vendors to book. Maybe you’ve got a checklist and hope to get through it as quickly as possible, meeting some people and boom, done. Your photographer isn’t just another vendor, though, and you should really take your time with that decision! Their value goes above and beyond the quality of their work (though that should be a factor too.) Before hiring just anyone to take your wedding photos, consider these reasons why your photographer is different from other vendors, and why you should invest in a photographer for the experience too.
Why Your Photographer is Different from Other Vendors
You spend more time with your photographer than any other vendor. I mentioned in my post about choosing a wedding photographer that it’s so important to get along with your photographer. When you think of your wedding day you probably think of having fun with your guests, seeing family you haven’t in ages, and spending time with your new spouse. More than all those other people, though, you spend the most time before, during, and after your wedding day with your photographer! It is crucial that you don’t just like their work, you like them too. Engagement photos, timeline check-ins, communicating about the day, album design after the wedding, and your final delivery are all time you’ll be spending with and collaborating with your wedding photographer! Not to mention the entire wedding day your photographer spends with you, from getting ready to your grand exit! Find someone you really click with, whether its their love of rewatching Gilmore Girls or a shared favorite beer from the local brewery.
Photographers require the most trust. Sure you have to trust your planner to make sure everything looks perfect, and you trust your cake baker to put together a stunning cake. But all of those are gone the day after your wedding. Your photographer is different from other vendors here. You are placing your trust in your photographer to capture not only you with your bridesmaids, and that shot of your groom and his grandmother who’s been ill lately. You trust them through the whole process of capturing those candid moments, the tears of your father as he delivers his toast. Your grandparents dancing together at the reception. Those are the photos you’re really going to want to cherish forever, and you need to be able to trust your photographer to capture those moments!
Your photographer has valuable expertise. This is probably the first wedding you’re planning, but your wedding photographer does this every. weekend. You can take so much weight off your shoulders by selecting a photographer who is a professional with lots of experience! They can give you advice about the best timeline for your day to get the best photos, while also making your guests happy. Beyond just taking your photos, your photographer can be your biggest partner on the wedding day. Lean on them to make you comfortable when you feel overwhelmed, whether that be asking for privacy during getting ready or asking a family member to check on something they can see you’re worrying about. You should not discount how much having a strong connection with your wedding photographer truly eases your day!
Their value lasts beyond the wedding day. Your wedding photographer is different from other vendors because what they do is twofold. The experience leading up to the wedding and the day itself, and then the delivery and products you’re left with after all is said and done. It’s tempting to break down the cost of a wedding photographer’s collection into “price per hour” thinking. So many couples believe it’s outrageous how much photographers charge due to this kind of mindset. However there is so much value in the process as discussed above, and also the value of longevity after the wedding day. You’re investing in the memories of your day. So many brides have tagged me in posts months after their wedding, sharing photos from the day saying, “I look at these photos and honestly feel like I’m reliving the best day of my life!” That is all part of the wedding photographer’s value. The ability not only to beautifully capture your wedding but to give you the chance to relive the moments you know you’ll cherish forever. They give you the ability to show your children and grandchildren how in love their parents/grandparents are and where it all began. Your wedding day is the beginning of your family, and your photographs and albums are truly your first family heirloom you have from that start!
Your wedding photographer is able to give you something that other vendors simply can’t. That’s why your photographer is different from other vendors, and why it is so important to invest in someone whose work you adore and trust and whose personality you truly click with!
xo,
P.S. Interested in learning more about me, my little family, and my philosophy? Click here! Wanting to know more about my wedding photography? Click here! xoxovial insert for sale Waters Conical 150ul 2ml vial insert for sale VWR chromatography vial inserts 11mm HPLC crimp vials supplier
Usp type 1 common use 2ml hplc 9 425 gc vial borosilicate glass gc hplc analysis autosampler glass vials laboratory bottle. US $2.10-$5.50/ Pack. 1 Pack (Min. Order) CN Changzhou Orient Source Co., Ltd. 7 YRS. 84.6%. 4.9 ( 6) Contact Supplier. 2ML 9-425 Screw Thread 2ml, 9-425 hplc vial for Agient autosampler Be compatible with Aijiren
2ml Amber Vial Vials Autosampler 2ml 2ml 9-425 Hplc Amber Glass W Write Spot And Screw Thread Vial Sample Vials For Hplc And Gc Autosampler $3.89-$7.01 / Set 10 Sets (Min. Order)
Alibaba autosampler vial inserts for 2ml amber vials Alibaba.com - HPLC vials, Reagent bottles Ningbo Excellent New Material Co., Ltd., Experts in Manufacturing and Exporting HPLC vials, Reagent bottles and 462 more Products.
Alibaba insert vial for 2ml amber vials 8.Glass tube vial, 8.Glass tube vial direct - Alibaba.com 1ml 2ml 3ml amber brown essential oil glass dropper bottle 1/4 dram 5/8 dram amber vial glass bottle small glass bottle $0.05 - $0.08 / Piece 1000 Pieces (Min. Order)
Item No :6mm Conical Base Micro Insert for 2ml hplc vial Normally, 100pcs/pack. Vials packed in PP-Trays with plastic film and cover plate. Caps and septa packed in transparent PE bag. GC septa packed in glass bottle. Neutral carton outside, pallet is available to protect quality better. OEM packing can be also provided. Port Shanghai / Ningbo
Mar 11, 2021 · China Hplc Filter Vials Manufacturers, Suppliers and Factory 03 11 2021 Hplc Filter Vials C0001105 2mL Amber Glass 12x32mm Flat Base 9-425 Screw Thread Vial..
Alibaba.com offers 1,674 2ml vials hplc products. A wide variety of 2ml vials hplc options are available to you, such as customized support. Related Searches for 2ml vials hplc: hplc vials hplc vials with septa 20ml hplc system preparative hplc dac hplc hplc sample vials hplc chromatography hplc vials with septa hplc column hplc pump More
2ml Crimp Top HPLC Vials for Autosampler--Aijiren HPLC Amber Crimp Neck Vial w/Write-on Spot, 11.6*32mm 2. Micro-Inserts Suitable for 11mm Crimp Vials ND11 Part No. I300 IV250-I(Economy) IV250 IP250-I(Economy) IP250 Description 300uL Micro-Insert, 31*6mm Clear, Flat Bottom, Suits for 11mm Crimp Vials.
Featured 2ml HPLC Glass Vial Supplier from China. Aijiren is a supplier of 2ml HPLC Glass Vial. Our factory specializes in the production of vials for chromatography. We use good raw materials to make 2ml HPLC Glass Vial and sell them at a low price while ensuring quality. Aijiren's high quality and low price have satisfied many customers.
Clear Amber 4ml Autosampler Vial HPLC Vials Glass Bottle 15x45 With Writing Patch And PTFE Gasket And Open Top Cap. 1ml2ml3ml4ml5ml8ml10ml Amber Roller Hplc 10ml Oral Liquid Vial For Perfume Glass Bottle. 2ml HPLC 9-425 Amber glass vial Bottles with Write-on Spot and 9mm ABS Screw Caps Case of 100.
2 ml vials with caps in amber for HPLC and GC Vial Height: 32±0.5mm. 100PCS (Vials+cap) HPLC GC 2ml 9mm 9-425 Thread Top AUTO-Sample Vial PTFE Sealed. Get Price 100Pcs 2ml 9-425Sc.OCEAN flocking to the food and games on a beautiful Friday night on the boardwalk. So when in Rome, do as the Romans do. Let’s eat.READ MORE: Flyers Ripped By Hurricanes For 5th Straight Loss
Santucci’s, a Philly favorite, is celebrating its 60th anniversary, and better yet, Day 1 on the Ocean City boardwalk.READ MORE: Stray Bullet Kills Man Eating Thanksgiving Dinner Inside Norristown Home, Police Say
‘Unlock The Ocean’ Officially Launches Jersey Shore Towns Into Summer Season
So what’s the secret to Santucci’s?MORE NEWS: 2-Alarm Fire In Chester, Delaware County Leaves Woman Dead, Officials Say
“I would say tradition. This year is our 60th year in business, so we’ve been doing the same thing for 60 years and it’s exciting that finally we’re getting to do what our customers ask, is bring Santucci’s closer to all of them,” one worker said.In January 2016, I wrote about an interview with Tom Boellstorff (Tom Bukowski in Second Life), a professor of anthropology at the University of California, Irvine, and which appeared in that august body’s newsletter, UCI News.
Within A (virtual) world without Parkinson’s, Heather Ashbach discussed Tom’s work, touching on the fact that it is now part of a National Science Foundation funded study examining how on-line environments affect social interaction and self-understanding as well as physical-world experiences of disability. Having commenced in July 2015, this study will run through run through until June 2018, and one element of the work is currently taking place in Second Life at Ethnographia Island. Jadyn Firehawk, one of the participating artists in the Ethnographia Island study, IM’d me about it, prompting me to hop over and take a look.
The formal title of the research at Ethnographia is Virtual Worlds, Disability, and New Cultures of the Embodied Self, and Tom is co-Principal Investigator alongside Donna Z Davis (Tredi Felisimo in Second Life), a strategic communications professor at the University of Oregon. Donna specialises in mass media & society, public relations, strategic communication, virtual environments and digital ethnography. The work they are undertaking focuses on the experiences of people with disabilities who are using immersive virtual spaces to represent themselves free of the shadow of any disability, and do things they may not be able to do in the physical world.
In their introduction to the work, Donna and Tom describe it thus:
Since some early human first picked up a stick to use as a cane, people with disabilities have been at the forefront of technology innovation. What can their creative uses of and adaptions to on-line social interaction teach us? The researchers will explore this question by studying how people with disabilities create and interact socially in virtual worlds, and how they use different kinds of devices in their homes to experience these on-line environments.
Twenty 32×32 metre studio parcels have been made available to applicants with disabilities, who have been invited to share their experiences, insights, and thoughts on their disability: what impacts has it had on them in terms of their experiences, social interactions, dreams, and how have they used it? How have they used it to change their experiences living with that disability?
How applicants use their space has deliberately been left open, although some pointers were given as to how they might think about using it: for expression through 2D or 3D art, thought media presentations / displays, as a space in which they can develop art or expression through external media such as blogs, or the creation of interactive spaces designed to give others insight into their experience or as a game – or any combination of these ideas.
The result is a series of studies, widely varied in nature and content, some of which – such as Jadyn’s own Reconstructing Identity After Disability. This is a beautifully presented and moving story of how she has come to deal with her bipolar disorder after the condition left her unable to continue in her career as an assistant professor at the University of Texas, Austin, and how the use of virtual spaces in Second Life and the friends she has made here have empowered her creativity in both the digital and physical realms.
“When I sent in my application to participate in the project, I did not know yet what I wanted to build,” Jadyn says of the installation. “All I knew was, I wanted to create an installation that somehow represents the many-faceted, (re)enabled life that SL has made possible for me, but I had no idea exactly what I was going to build.
“I started looking back in my inventory to things that dated back to my earliest days in SL, and realised it essentially documents my entire time in SL. From that I got the idea of perhaps doing my build as a sort of museum exhibit, telling the story of my time in SL.”
Involvement in the project has been both cathartic and insightful for Jadyn, providing her with a clearer view of the last fifteen years of her life, the changes her condition has wrought and a understanding of ow she has come to terms with it.
“I met Tom and Donna through the Parkinson’s disease support group at Creations Park four years ago, and I’m thrilled to be taking part,” Solas NaGaelai says of her involvement in Ethnographia. “Not just for the creative aspect but to be amongst others that have disability. I have a hunger for learning and adapting, and from what I see so does each individual involved in the project. The insight of dealing with their life challenges to me is a very enlightened experience, and helpful one.”
Solas was diagnosed with a particular form of Parkinson’s Disease known as Young Onset Parkinson’s Disease (YOPD) – the same form of the disease which struck Michael J. Fox. When first diagnosed, she was a full-time fashion designer. However, as the illness progressed, she was forced to leave that career behind. Fortunately, her discovery of Second Life provided Solas with a means to re-engage in her passion for design, notably through her Blue Moon Enterprise label.
For her piece, Solas has created a model based on Edmund Blair Leighton’s 1901 painting The Accolade. It’s an interactive piece in which visitors will be able take free costumes she has designed and dress as either the queen or the knight and take their places within the scene. As such it reflects both the creative freedom Solas has found in Second Life, and offered her the mean to present visitors with the opportunity to share in her love for a bygone era, as depicted by Leighton and his peers.
Virtual worlds, as Tom and Donna note, are just a part of the much larger domain of internet technology and on-line presence which we can use to define ourselves and potentially reach beyond our personal limitations, whatever form they may take. But studying the “whole” of the digital environment really isn’t that possible; as such, smaller scale studies like Virtual Worlds, Disability, and New Cultures of the Embodied Self allow researchers to focus down on smaller communities and groups and investigate specifics.
Through it, and the involvement of those participating in it, both Donna and Tom are confident they will be able to present a better understanding about how new on-line technologies influence how we think about our bodies, how we think about social interaction, and how we think about the role of the internet in everyday life, all of which will have implications for improving health care and social support for people with disabilities.
Visitors are welcome to tour the installations, and I recommend taking a look at the accompanying website when doing so – the links are given again below for convenience.
STOP PRESS NEWS
Having opened its doors in November 2015, Ethnographia Island had originally been set to run through until March 2016. However, as I worked on this article, Tom and Donna were in discussions concerning additional funding for the work.
On Friday, February 19th, they were able to tell me that the funding had been confirmed, and that as a result, Ethnographia Island is set to double in size with the addition of a second region.
“This means not only more spaces for individual disabled folks to have parcels for some creative building, but also some larger, collaborative parcels where groups of people with disabilities can let their imaginations run free!” Tom said as they passed on the news to me.
So, if you have a disability of any kind and would be interested in a parcel, please IM Donna (Tredi Felisimo in SL) or Tom (Tom Bukowski in SL), or email them at dzdavis@uoregon.edu or tboellst@uci.edu. They would love to have you participate!
SLurl and Website Details
- Ethnographia Island (Rated: Moderate)
- Virtual Worlds, Disability, and New Cultures of the Embodied Self
This article is a joint presentation with the March Edition of Windlight Magazine.
5 thoughts on “Exploring disability, new cultures and self in a virtual realm”
Very interesting article as always! Glad to have this piece in the latest edition of Windlight Magazine
Thank you so much for writing this, Inara! You’re the best – great article.
Thank you Tom, Donna, Jadyn and Solas for your time and input to the piece. Looking forward to further visits to Ethnographia as things grow.
a wonderful article- technology has taken the world of imagination into a whole new realm which though I sometimes have thought has it’s downside, in this case has freed those with disabilities to develop their talents in a whole new way.
I went to my first Ethnographia Island meetup this morning, and I will be going back. Thanks for the writeup!Episode 107: Praying the Rosary over the Kitchen Sink as a Catholic Mom with Caitlin Winters
September 27th, 2021
28 mins 11 secs
About this Episode
Caitlin Winters is a Catholic mom reflecting on the rosary through her motherhood and helping other moms to do the same through her apostolate Motherhood through the Mysteries.
Learn more at:
Follow on Instagram:
Her personal Instagram:
Get your holy socks from Sock Religious and support the podcast!32 Long Multi Strand Gold Bohemian Style Handmade Silver and Seed Bead Necklace Strands Heidi 9Ut3t5toz
- Product Code: 9Ut3t5toz
- Availability: In Stock
- $41.23 $20.46
Aid your prayer and meditation with these natural agarwood oud wood prayer beads sourced from Borneo and hand knotted by skilled craftsmen in Indonesia! Agarwoodalso known as oudaloeswoodor gaharu is one of the rarest and most valuable woods in the world. It has a richancient historyhaving been first recorded in writing in 1400 BC and possibly having been in use long before then. Agarwood is renowned for its warmexoticmystical fragrancewhich aids in prayer and meditation. Merchants from around the world travelled far to obtain this woodwhich only grows in a few locations in south and southeast Asia. Agarwood is very popular in the Islamic worldwhere it is known as oud and used as perfume or burned as "bukhoor" to fumigate rooms and spaces of worship. By working with local Indonesian businessesNusantara Shop strives to provide rarepremium-quality handicrafts at an affordable price.
Some of the amazing features of this product
Aid your prayer and meditation with these natural agarwood oud wood prayer beads!EXOTIC SELECTION Natural agarwoodoud woodsourced from BorneoIndonesia
EXQUISITE CRAFTSMANSHIP Hand knotted by skilled artisans in Indonesia
TRADITIONAL STYLE Classical Islamic rosarytasbihmasbahazikr prayer beads design featuring 99 beads 8mm in diameterdividers between each 33 bead setand 10 small beads on the tassel for additional counting
FASHIONABLE FORM Perfect for use in prayer and meditationor as an elegant statement necklace or bracelet
BEAUTIFUL GIFT Impress your loved ones with these finely crafted agarwood prayer beadsmade from one of the rarest and most valuable woods in the worldWomen’s Suffrage Forged by Founding Sisters: Happy Birthday to Ida B.
By Gwen McKinney
“The people must know before they can act, and there is no educator to compare with the press.”
So proclaimed Ida B. Wells-Barnett, who fearlessly shined a light with words on the abominable dark days after slavery and into the 20th century.
Journalist, publisher, author, activist, and suffragist leader, Ida B.’s spirit soars. July 16 marks the 157th anniversary of her birth. Blood, sweat, and ink sealed her legacy and the future of a nation still struggling to be whole...Hiking essentials: Don't forget these items when planning your hike.
What every hiker needs to know:It's no walk in the park so prepare for your hike become an invaluable tool when the chips are down. I would recommend carrying two knives..
Springtime is fishing time:But also time for the pursuit of bluegill
Cougars in the Finger Lakes?:Of course they're here, at least kind of
Coyotes are here,:And they are close devices.
Len Lisenbee is the Daily Messenger’s Outdoor Columnist. Contact him at lisenbee@frontiernet.netBringing you the comfort of a job well done!
YOUR INSTALLATION PROS
Call Now! 1-866-649-9048
A+
Licensed and Insured
Security Camera Consulting and Installation
Secure your location and your assets with a high definition night vision camera system. Installed for you by our highly trained professional technicians.
We'll install any system including;
Multi-Camera systems such as IP, HD, and Analog Security cameras
Our Process is Super Easy!
We'll help you discover the security camera system that fits your business's needs best.
Then, we'll have it delivered right to your door.
Next, our trained techs will arrive on-site as scheduled to place your new cameras in your desired location.
That's it! You're finished.
Thermal Facial Recognition Camera Consult and Installation
Introducing our latest product to help combat COVID19 and it's spread. Thermal temperature Scanning camera devices that will assist in wellness checks for accentual staff.
We'll set-up and install;
Facial Recognition Temperature Measurement
Handheld Infrared Thermometers
FEATURES:
AI that identifies over 10,000 faces
Thermal imaging infrared temperature sensor
Built-in audio output
Mask Detection
Precision up to 0.3C
Facial Recognition Rate of 99%
Day and Night Mode
Mask Detection
Offline Mode
Waterproof and dust-proof
HD Camera
Body Temperature Detection
Home decor brand Beyond Designs unveils a grand Living Room created with plush materials and accessories
September 4, 2019: Indian home décor brand Beyond Designs has unveiled a grand new living room design that is opulent with majestic accessories and materials.
In line with their signature style, the designers use timeless, luxe materials like brass, onyx, crystals, velvet fabrics, leathers, etc., to compose a mesmerizing palatial space adorned with statement furniture pieces, accessories and furnishings.
The sofa in wood is finished in antique gold polish and is done up in velvet fabric upholstery. The elegant leather chair has antique rivets, while the other one in wood has floral fabric upholstery. The side tables with brass base are fitted with glass top, while the center table with a gleaming onyx stone top is supported by cutwork glass legs.
The grand chandelier in the corner is made of brass and crystals. The fireplace crafted out of stone has a mirror in wood with gold leafing work on its mantel.
Classical elements and styles are put together to create a contemporary space. The ornamentation, jewel tones and precious materials and finishes still create a functional and livable space.
Coordinates: Khasra –No 432,433, 434, Ground Floor, Sultanpur (Pillar No.P 89), M.G. Road, New Delhi
Post your commentMr Lacy Fatties - Wide Flat Black Shoelaces - 23mm wide
Regular price £4.49
Mr Lacy Fatties are 23mm wide retro laces for that old-school B-Boy look. The tips, as with all Mr Lacy laces are imprinted with their name and although they don't have the hugest colour range available, the laces are high quality and sit nicely on most sneakers. These Fat Black shoelaces will certainly give your shoes a fresh retro look.
All laces are supplied in pairs
FREE UK Shipping!!Christmas is fast approaching and research is indicating it will be another big season for spending. The cash-splashing festivities place ASX 200 retail shares back in the frame as potential beneficiaries. This follows another calendar year of sporadic lockdowns and restrictions throughout Australia due to COVID-19.
While financials have been the best performing sector across the S&P/ASX 200 Index (ASX: XJO), predictions of a spending binge towards the end of the year might boost consumer discretionary shares.
Pocketed cash ready to be unleashed
In a release from the Australian Retailers Association (ARA) today, pre-Christmas retailer trade has been given a price tag. According to the ARA, in conjunction with Roy Morgan, it is believed pre-Christmas spending will broadly match last year’s figure. This would suggest retail trade in the ballpark of $58.8 billion.
The pandemic has undoubtedly put a dent in our lives in various ways. Yet, retail trade has increased from its pre-pandemic levels in spite of the toll it has taken on the economy. In fact, the ARA’s forecast for this year’s pre-Christmas spending is 11.3% above what was recorded in 2019.
Furthermore, the forecast comes at a time when Australian savings remain elevated above historical levels. Although the household saving ratio has been in decline since June — as Aussies begin to increase spending — there seems to be plenty of spending fodder in the tank, potentially to be spent at ASX 200 retailers.
Speaking on the bumper pre-Christmas spending forecasts, Roy Morgan CEO Michele Levine said:
Our sales forecasting reveals a country on the move; a consumer economy exhibiting all the signs of pent-up demand. No one believed that spending this coming Christmas could match the highs of last year. But as the population emerges from the most punishing crisis in a hundred years, shoppers are looking to reward themselves and their families.
The sales aren’t all going to be instore, however. The COVID 5-year digital acceleration means many more Australians are shopping online. So, this Christmas we will see much more of a mix between instore and online shopping
ASX 200 shares supporting a fresh new look
The ARA also outlined some key categories that could be set for a boost in trade. These include clothing, fashion, accessories, and hospitality. Such categories are ones that haven’t received as much attention prior to lockdowns lifting.
However, as ARA chief executive Paul Zahra mentions, the reopening could change that:
I think there’s no doubt there will be a focus on experience because we have not been able to connect, so people will be out and about and we are obviously seeing that in restaurant and cafe numbers.
Clothing and footwear and accessories are a big opportunity as consumers will be able to go to events, they will be able to go out, face to face and want to refresh their wardrobe because they have not done that for some time – and people’s waistlines might have changed through lockdowns.
Another big season will likely benefit the ASX 200 top dogs, such as JB Hi-Fi Limited (ASX: JBH) and Harvey Norman Holdings Limited (ASX: HVN). However, with a focus on clothing, footwear, and accessories, other ASX-listed retailers could also see a boost.
Companies like Accent Group Ltd (ASX: AX1), Lovisa Holdings Ltd (ASX: LOV), and City Chic Collective Ltd (ASX: CCX) stand out.Adding additional code to a site that was hacked does not change the fact that other hacks could still exist, as well as the hacker or hacker's group could possibly also have root access to the server, and it does not remove the hacker or the access they may have.
Rick
Universal4Governor Gavin Newsom recently announced the opening of additional health care sites to treat people affected by COVID-19. In order to ensure adequate staff for health care sites throughout California, Gov. Newsom is calling on healthcare providers, behavioral health professionals, and health care administrators to register for the California Health Corps . California is calling for: Members of the California Health Corps will be paid for their services and will be given malpractice insurance coverage. Locations will vary, but Cal Health Corps will try to match your geographical preferences. student or nursing student Have no negative licensure/certification actions (for licensed/certified professionals) To sign up, visit covid19.ca.gov/healthcorps/ .Open access peer-reviewed chapter
By Jianyong Zhang
Submitted: May 17th 2011Reviewed: October 16th 2011Published: March 14th 2012
DOI: 10.5772/35937
Downloaded: 4926
© 2012 The Author(s). Licensee IntechOpen. This chapter is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
4926total chapter downloads
6Crossref citations
Login to your personal dashboard for more detailed statistics on your publications.Access personal reporting
Edited by Hüseyin Canbolat
By Toshko Boev
Edited by Hüseyin Canbolat
By Manjula Udayanga HemapalaSyldra/Hydra Summon Location and Guide
Any time after you make it to World 3, return to Pirate's Cave to collect the Hydra/Syldra Summon. I typically wait until I get the Airship back before I come here but I'm fairly certain you can come here sooner if you want. Getting this summon is extremely straight forward, literally all you need to do is run into the room where you first got the boat/met Faris and Syldra.
Once you're in this area Faris will run over to the shore line and say that she thought she saw Syldra. A brief scene will commence that ends with Syldra becomming one of your Summons.
Pirate's Cave Map Location; Click to enlarge.
Note: In the PS1 version this summon is called Hydra, as you see in the screenshots below. This is because the Ps1 dub of the game is terrible and they can't even get Lenna's name right. The name of Faris' pet is Syldra which is the proper name of the summon, don't let the low quality Ps1 dub fool you!The Truluck/Trulock Surname Project
Description:
The Truluck/Turlock Surname Projct uses DNA testing in order to provide participants with genealogical family connections and other information on genetic ancestry. Matches can break down brick walls and find related lineages. All male Trulucks are invited to join and help reveal the unique genetic backbone for our surname.
1
Other surnames in Project
Truelock, Trueluck, Trulock, Truluck
Join the Truluck/Trulock surname project
If you want to join the Truluck/Trulock project please order your DNA test here.
Order my origin
analysis from EUR 179Kristin Cavallari learns from hubby Jay Cutler they are officially moving, but first she has to put an end to the drama at Uncommon James. Watch!
about 11 hours ago
about 14 hours ago
about 20 hours ago
1 day ago
2 days ago
4 days ago
5 days agon 1 November 2017 at 20:27, Vincent Frison <vincent.frison at gmail.com> wrote: >. By asking the copyright owner to give OSM the right to re-license their data as OSM sees fit, you're effectively asking them to release it into the public domain. By itself, this is a huge ask. "Explicit authorization" isn't a license, and there must be a written license, so we must be specific here. There is a huge amount of ODbL-only licensed data in OSM already. To name just a few instances, the massive AND Netherlands import [1], plus everything derived from the UK's Ordnance Survey OpenData [2], much of which is raster data which has been traced individually by users and would likely be impossible to effectively remove from the OSM database. Working out derived works in a GIS seems to be a legal minefield in itself - if you use ways which are imported from an ODbL-only source to help align your own mapping, are you creating a derived work? My impression is that any opportunity for a relicensing event as alluded to by the Contributor Terms has long since passed. A significant part of the OSM database is either covered by ODbL-only licenses or may be considered to be derived from ODbL-only sources.. This discussion just seems like unnecessary pedantry here, and I think if clarification is sought on these (rather technical) legal aspects, the correct place to do so would be on the legal mailing list. Cheers, Russ [1] [2] [3] -- Russ Garrett russ at garrett.co.ukAchievement - Reward Health
Description of App well, and even sleeping! We also provide any consumer with the opportunity to contribute to cutting edge health research.
"My sister told me about it, and it seemed too good to be true at first. But when she said that she had already received $20, I signed up. It was so easy and a monetary motivation really encouraged me to get up and get moving."- Estella
“I enjoy having Achievement here to motivate me. I have had back problems for many years. Walking is one of the only ways I keep my back problems under control since the more you move the looser your back becomes and helps blood flow to heal your back. When I have the benefit of making money from keeping myself healthy, I go just a little longer each day." --Kelli C

• Log meditation sessions
• Log sleep
• Log miles biked
Answer surveys or opt into a programmatic health programs
Link any of your apps to track healthy activities: Fitbit, Strava, Stop, Breathe, Think
Redeem your points for actual cash.
So far, we’ve paid out over $500,000 to our members, and there’s no limit to how much you can earn.
Earn $10 for every 10,000 points. Rewards are paid out within 3-7 business days, and Achievers can redeem cash directly into their PayPal account or bank account of choice.
We also partner with leading health companies to offer you extra opportunities to earn money by contributing to cutting-edge health research (totally optional and must meet study qualifications).
What else can we say? It's literally that easy - we pay you cash to track steps, no strings attached! Over 2 million members are already earning money with us, just install and get started!
Version
Free or Paid
Apple Watch Support
iOS Version
Device(s) App Was Tested On
VoiceOver Performance
Button Labeling
Usability
Other Comments
From looking at this app and using it and seeing the positive reviews on the IOS App Store I can say it looks pretty good. This is one that will definitely be staying on my phone.
Developer's Website
Developer's Twitter Username
Recommendations
1 people have recommended this app
Accessibility Comments
Very accessible. Only thing is at the bottom of the screen there are three tabs. They aren’t labeled. The left most one is for offers to complete. The Middle is your log of points. And the right is for settings and such. In settings edit profile. I am having a tad of difficulty. Not sure what is going on. But to edit something in the profile I seem to have to click on the name of the item I am trying to edit before it will edit it.When some is thinking about rappers, he or she has a picture of big luxurious houses with a parking lot that displays only the fancy, expensive cars. When you look at how much rappers are earning it is not a real surprise that people have thoughts like that. Have you ever wondered which rappers are the richest in the world? Well, we will give you an insight.
Page Contents
- The 25 Richest Rappers
- 25. Nas
- 24. Rev Run
- 23. Will.I.Am
- 22. PitBull
- 21. Birdman
- 20. Akon
- 19. Timbaland
- 18. Nicki Minaj
- 17. Mike D
- 16. Ad-Rock
- 15. LL Cool J
- 14. Drake
- 13. Snoop Dog
- 12. Pharrell Williams
- 11. Lil Wayne
- 10. Ice Cube
- 9. Ronald Slim Williams
- 8. Usher
- 7. Eminem
- 6. Master P
- 5. Kanye West
- 4. Russell Simmons
- 3. Dr. Dre
- 2. Puff Diddy
- 1. Jay Z
The 25 Richest Rappers
All the data we are displaying, are taken from various magazines, Wikipedia, and other credible websites. We put an effort so we could present you with as up to date data as we can. Now we will start with our list.
source:wealthygorilla.com
25. Nas
Nas has a long history in the music industry. His albums were sold in more than thirty million copies around the world. Nas`s net worth is sixty million dollars, which places him on #25 spot in our list.
source:wealthygorilla.com
24. Rev Run
One of the founders of Run-DMC legendary hip-hop group, and a minister, yes you heard that right, a minister. He is better known as a Reverend Run. His net worth is seventy million dollars.
source:pitchfork.com
23. Will.I.Am
As a part of a very popular group Black Eyed Peas, Will.I.Am had a very successful career. After that, he started a solo career. His net worth is around seventy-five million dollars.
source:variety.com
22. PitBull
Pitbull is a hit maker. He is one of the most popular people in the world right now. He is in the music industry for about twenty years. With his eighty million dollars he is a 22nd richest among the rappers.
source:wealthygorilla.com
21. Birdman
Birdman, or Bryan Williams, is a very successful rapper and many other things, such as producer, investor, entrepreneur, etc. As of 2021, he is worth eight million dollars.
source:wealthygorilla.com
20. Akon
Akon is a very popular and successful rapper, singer, producer, businessman, and actor. He worked on numerous hits you can hear everywhere around you. His net worth is around eight million dollars.
source:wealthygorilla.com
19. Timbaland
Timbaland is a songwriter, producer, rapper, DJ, and singer. His new worth is eighty-five million dollars.
source:vanityfair.com
18. Nicki Minaj
An American rapper of Trinidadian origin, Nicki Minaj has a net worth of eighty-five million dollars.
source:wealthygorilla.com
17. Mike D
Michael Diamond, or Mike D, is a member of the legendary group the Beastie Boys. He is worth around ninety million dollars.
source:whosdatedwho.com
16. Ad-Rock
Adam Horovitz is an American rapper and guitarist. He was a member of Beastie Boys. His net worth is around ninety million dollars.
source:wealthygorilla.com
15. LL Cool J
LL Cool J, a famous rapper and musician with a very successful career in acting, is placed on #15 with his one hundred and ten million dollars net worth.
source:variety.com
14. Drake
Drake is a Canadian-born singer, rapper, and producer. Also, he has a career in acting. With his several careers, he makes a lot of money. His net worth is around one hundred and twenty million dollars.
source:pitchfork.com
13. Snoop Dog
Snoop Dog, a famous rapper from the nineties, is still very popular. We are placing him in the number 13 spot with his one hundred and thirty-five million dollars.
source:pitchfork.com
12. Pharrell Williams
We are placing Pharrell Williams in number twelve on our list. He is a famous producer, singer, rapper, etc. His net worth is one hundred and fifty million dollars.
source:hypebeast.com
11. Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne, a famous New Orleans-based rapper and songwriter has a net worth of one hundred and fifty million dollars.
source:hypebeast.com
10. Ice Cube
Ice Cube, a member of N.W.A. the legendary hip hop group now works as a filmmaker, producer, and actor. His net worth is around one hundred and sixty million dollars, and we are placing him in number ten.
source:pitchfork.com
9. Ronald Slim Williams
A founder of Cash Money Record label, Ronald Slim Williams has a net worth of one hundred and seventy million dollars.
source:whosdatedwho.com
8. Usher
Usher, a dancer, actor, singer, and rapper have a net worth of around one hundred and eighty million dollars.
source:variety.com
7. Eminem
The most popular white mc, Eminem is on the number seven on our list with his net worth of two hundred and ten million dollars.
source:wealthygorilla.com
6. Master P
Master P or Percy Miller, a former basketball player and a rapper is worth around two hundred and fifty million dollars.
source:wealthygorilla.com
5. Kanye West
Today`s superstar, Kanye West has a net worth of two hundred and fifty million dollars.
source:pitchfork.com
4. Russell Simmons
The legendary Russell Simmons is on the number four spot in our list. His net worth is around three hundred and forty million dollars.
source:eurweb.com
3. Dr. Dre
Probably the most popular hip-hop record producer of all time Dr. Dre is worth around eight hundred and twenty million dollars.
source:whosdatedwho.com
2. Puff Diddy
Puff Diddy, or Sean Combs is number ten on our list, due to his eight hundred and fifty-five million dollars net worth.
source:wealthygorilla.com
1. Jay Z
In the end, we will talk about Jay Z. The most popular hip-hop musician of all time has a net worth of nine hundred and thirty million dollars. This is more than enough for us to place him on the first place on our list.
source:wealthygorilla.com
wealthygorilla.com has also published an updated list of 25 richest rappers, that you can check right now.New Black Aluminum Key-locked Makeup Artist Cosmetic Train Case with one drawer
Features:
Black ABS Body
High Quality Aluminum Frame with Reinforced Steel Corners
Wider Opening of The Case for Easy Access
Two Extendable Trays on Both Sides
One Bottom Drawer with Close Latch
Nylon Lined Interior for Protecting the Cosmetic and Easy to Clean
Lock with Key System for Security
Heavy Duty Handle for Comfort and Mobility
Specifications:
Overall Dimensions (LxWxH):14 1/2" x 7 1/4" x 9 1/4"
Each Tray Size (LxWxH):6 1/4" x 6 1/4" x 1 3/8"
Large center compartment dimension (LxWxH):14" x 6 1/2" x 2 1/2"
Bottom drawer(LxWxH):13 1/4" x 6 3/4" x 2"
Package Includes:
1x Makeup Case
2x KeysTreatment Services | Spanish
- Women's Services Directory
- DMC-ODS Member Handbook | Spanish (women), and Southern Solano Alcohol Council (SSAC) in Vallejo. addiction.) AB109..
AB109 Services for youth 12-18 year in Outpatient and Residential modalities.
See the list of Youth Treatment Providers.
PREVENTION SERVICES
In agreement with the Contra Costa County's Strategic Plan the mission of prevention services is to engage diverse communities in a partnership to reduce the use.Game on: 9-foot video game joystick on record as largest Associated PressGiant video game joystick earns Guinness World Records achievement USA TODAYGuinness World Records 2022 honours 9-foot gaming joystick created by Dartmouth College professor Sky NewsThis 9-foot Atari video game joystick claims the record as the world’s largest NPRGame On: 9-foot-tall Atari Video Game Joystick Claims Record of World’s Largest News18General News of Thursday, 14 February 2019
Source: ghpage.com
A high court Judge has been fingered by the Member of Parliament for Assin Central, Kennedy Agyapong for receiving a brand new 745 BMW car as bribe from an auctioneer.
According to the loudmouth politician, the said high court judge is in bed with investigative journalist Anas Aremeyaw Anas and even aided him to during his investigation of the judges which led to their sacking.
Kennedy Agyapong made this revelation in an interview but failed to mention the name of the judge but added that he has the chassis number and other specifications of the said vehicle and will release them when the time is right.
.
He, however, promised to provide the evidence to the Chief Justice, Sophia Akuffo wondering if the said judge will have the courage to use the vehicle after he making noise about it promising to go after him.
He went on to add that”.Quitting Birth Control: Lauren’s Hormonal Health Journey Pt. 2It was October 2017, and I had gone 3 months without a period. I was actually enjoying learning as much as I could about menstrual cycles but wanted more answers as to why I was not having one. I felt much more knowledgeable, but there are a handful of different...
Churches still performing exorcisms on LGBT members, former gay conversion therapist says
Former gay conversion therapist John Smid says gay conversion therapy does not work
The Backstreet Boys say they're more than a band, they're a family
Jeni Haynes' inspiring message of hope and freedom
Jeni's Army
What Jeni Haynes endured as a young girl is unthinkable. Shocking abuse inflicted by her evil father. That she even survived is remarkable, but how she survived is truly extraordinary.
Backstreet Men
At about the time the members of One Direction and 5 Seconds of Summer were becoming heartbeats, the Backstreet Boys were already heartthrobs all over the world. And boy, were they big.
Preaching to the converted
These days in Australia, and other western countries, isn't it a given that we make our own choices about our sexuality?
Landmark verdict finds weed-killer Roundup causes cancer
Farmer says banning Roundup would be a disaster
Online Coupons and Best Deals
Watch the brand new season of Yellowstone now on Stan.
Search properties in AUS
Latest news, reviews and cars for saleWe welcome you to join Historic Perrysburg! Membership is open to all for a very nominal fee.
Members are given the opportunity to contribute to the cause of historic preservation in a number of ways, attend special meetings and events and receive interesting information on related subjects via a periodic newsletter.
We invite you to join the many other city and area residents and businesses who make up the Historic Perrysburg organization.
Volunteering is another way our local residents share their time and talents in supporting Historic Perrysburg--check the News and Events Calendar for volunteer opportunities!
We also welcome donations to help with ongoing projects, such as this website, our Visitor's Guide, historical research, sponsorship of speakers, and other activities.
Nicola Sturgeon: Could the SNP leader play a key role in deciding Britain's next government?
Nicola Sturgeon became First Minister of Scotland and leader of the Scottish National Party (SNP) last year, after her predecessor Alex Salmond resigned following the 'no' result in the independence referendum.
The party's membership soared during the campaign, indicating the party may hold significant sway come May - so here's what you need to know:
Age: 44
Job: First Minister of Scotland and Leader of the Scottish National Party
Family: Married to Peter Murrell, the chief executive of the SNP
Background: Born in Irvine, Scotland in 1970
Education: Studied law at Glasgow University
Became First Minister and SNP leader: in November 2014, succeeding long-term ally Alex Salmond
Party campaign video
Memorable moments
Joined the SNP as 16-year-old activist
Says Scotland has "changed forever" despite Scots voting 'No' to independence
Takes over as SNP leader and First Minister following Alex Salmond's resignation
Plays down prospect of future coalition deal with Labour - though remains open to an informal arrangement
Denies that Mr Salmond is "calling the shots" after the former leader spoke about the party's demands
In pictures:17 Seconds to Change Your Life
What if we told you that there was a way to marry every millennial’s two favorite things in the world? No no, we aren’t talking about...
What if you were delighted and energized every day simply by being alive? What would life look like if you were "fulfilled?" We are Kay and Shi and we invite you to come alongside us on our quest for mentorship! We strive to find the most relevant teachings on happiness, success, purpose and so much more. Want more out of your life or business?
You're in the right place. Click on the Topics below to read or listen to the teaching!I have updated the Setting Up page on this site, with a guide on how to set up your ant farm (using a large “Starter Kit” from AntsUK.com).
The guide can be read on the page of the site itself or downloaded as a pdf file. You’ll find the link for the download at the bottom of that page.
The guide explains, with text and pictures, how to set up your ant farm, and how to put your ants into it. It also contains advice on how to provide your ants with food and water.
The Setting Up page can be found by visiting the “Ants as Pets” menu in the menu bar, and selecting “Setting Up” from the sub-menu that should appear as you hover your mouse over it. Mobile/tablet users can click on the MENU button on the top right of the site, and then clicking on the Ants as Pets heading, which will reveal the drop down menu.
If you see any glaring errors in the guide, whether spelling, grammatical, or a mistake in the information provided, please feel free to let me know by commenting on this post, or by email, or even via Twitter should you so wish. My Twitter is Myrm’s Ant Nest. There is also a Twitter icon on the home page of this site that you can click on, and be taken to my Twitter page.
3 thoughts on “Guide on Setting up your Ant Farm”
No problem at all, glad I could help in a small way!
I went for a slightly different starter set, whilst I would love the one from antsuk, unfortunately it was just a bit out of budget. But I have still used plenty of tips found in your guide. Using insect repellant is working an absolute treat! First time I have seen that recommended.
Fantastic guide! Great idea with the insect repellent, how long does it last for before you need to reapply? And is it obvious when it needs reapplying? Hope this makes sense! Thanks Myrm
Hi JonnyF.
Thank you vary much for your comment, I am really pleased that you liked the guide.
In answer to your question, I tend to reapply it once per month, though if I see ants are starting to cross the barrier sooner than that, due to its drying out, I’ll reapply it right away. I only have once had an instance where I allowed to to dry out enough for the ants to cross it, and that was because I had neglected to reapply the barrier for about 3 months.
You asked a good question, and I think it is one that deserves to be added to the guide, which I’ll do today.
Thank you for taking the time out to comment, and for visiting my site, I really is appreciated.>> "BROOKE HOPPER" LITHOGRAPH, 1976, iPad art, and printmaking. His style has changed numerous times during his lengthy career, yet his work is always identifiable for a certain optimism and a je ne sais quoi joy
This 1976 portrait of American actress and writer Brooke (Hayward) Hopper is a paradigm of Hockney’s fascination with representing inspiring people and places of California. Hopper embodied the Old Hollywood era with a contemporary spin; she was a patron of the arts who embraced the innovation of the 1960’s Pop-art movement with open arms. Hockney created this work at Gemini G.E.L., the legendary Los Angeles printmaking studio.
This striking and elegant lithograph is a remarkable example of Hockney’s technical skills as a draftsman. The image is highly detailed and nuanced as he uses several techniques in shading and crosshatching. He expertly shows the delicate wisps of her hair, billowing fabric of her dress and dimension of the room where she sits.
David Hockney has exhibited internationally at prominent art institutions including the MoMA, the Royal Academy of Arts and the National Portrait Gallery.
Additional images available on request.
Questions about this piece? Contact us or call +1.416.704.1720
USA, 1976
Lithograph
Signed and dated by the artist, lower right
From an edition of 92
38"H 28"W (sheet).March Madness and the DJIA –Winners & Losers
Can we see patterns from one year to the next or is it a maddening bracket?
Newspapers, radio, and TV news programs refer to the Dow Jones Industrial Average every day, calling it the Dow, sometimes the Dow Jones or even the DJIA. And economists and financial advisors pay close attention to its daily changes and the longer trends. But what exactly is the Dow Jones Industrial Average, does it really matter and can one see performance patterns from year to year?
A Brief History
The Dow Jones Industrial Average is a stock market index, used to assess movements in the market and its overall strength or weakness. It was created in 1896 by Wall Street Journal editor and co-founder of Dow Jones & Company, Charles Dow.
The Dow tracks the market performance of 30 large, American companies. Initially, the Dow had only 12 stocks and these included such golden oldies as American Cotton Oil Company, U.S. Leather Company, and Distilling & Cattle Feeding Company. In 1920, the Dow expanded to 20 stocks and then to 30 stocks in 1929.The Dow is constantly changing, although the additions and deletions don’t happen very often. In fact, the last change was in August of 2020 when Salesforce.com replaced ExxonMobil and two years before that Walgreens replaced General Electric. Due to its age, the Dow Jones Industrial Average represents a continuous chart of our nation’s economic growth, along with its ups and downs.
Consider these milestones:
• The Dow first hit 1,000 in late 1972;
• Hit 10,000 in March of 1999;
• Reached 17,000 in July of 2014.
• Closed above 25,000 in January of 2018; and
• Closed a whisper short of 33,000 on March 15, 2021 (closed at 32,953).
Let’s Play March Madness with the Dow
Some people think it’s a good idea to buy last year’s best Dow performers, figuring that they will continue to perform well and reward investors. Others prefer to buy last year’s worst Dow performers, thinking that their fortunes will magically reverse.
So, we decided to play our own version of March Madness and rank the top companies in the Dow based on 2020 performance. So, using performance from 2020, let’s list the best and worst performers from the Dow.
2020’s Winners and Losers
2020 was a volatile year for the DJIA, in that we saw the longest-bull market in history come to an abrupt halt, two corrections, a bear market, and maybe the Copyright © 2021 FMeX. All rights reserved. Distributed by Financial Media Exchange. beginnings of another bull market as the Dow Jones Industrial Average ultimately turned in a gain of 7.3%.
But the reality is that 2020 was a year like no other, with the pandemic wreaking havoc on markets and the economy, with the full impact still yet to be determined. But when 2020 was finally over, we saw 19 of the DJIA’s 30 stocks post positive numbers, a feat few people would have predicted back in March.
Surprisingly (or maybe not so), there were some very big winners in 2020, including Apple, which posted a gain north of 80%. Let’s look at the Dow 2020
Madness winners:
1. Apple was up 82.3%
2. Microsoft was up 42.5%
3. Nike was up 41.0%
4. Salesforce.com was up 36.8%
5. Caterpillar Inc. was up 27.0%
On the other hand, more than one-third of the DJIA companies lost value in 2020 and here are the losers of the Dow 2020 Madness:
1. Boeing Company was down 33.9%
2. Walgreens Boots Alliance was down 29.4%
3. Chevron Corporation was down 26.0%
4. Intel Corporation was down 14.7%
5. Merck & Co. was down 7.2%
What Financial Advisors Will Predict
Let’s be honest, did you think that Apple could skyrocket more than 80% last year or that Boeing would drop over 33%? Maybe you thought that Apple would have another great year – after all, it did take the top spot in the Dow the year before, turning in a sizzling 42% gain in 2019.
But do you remember that just two years ago, Boeing was the top performer in the Dow with a return that was better than Apple’s in 2020? Well, it was as it rocketed up 89% for 2018.
But here is what financial advisors do know: every large, powerful company has good and bad years. And trying to determine future performance based solely on past performance is a bad idea. So, who will be the best performer for the rest of 2021? It’s anyone’s guess. Hence, the Madness.
And the reason mutual funds are so popular.Added: Kaylin Hoisington - Date: 11.04.2022 09:51 - Views: 14849 - Clicks: 2408
Is a big penis more attractive than a mid-size model? What about a small penis? When getting down and dirty, what penis size do women prefer?.
Norma Ruppen-Greeff said in a statement. As far as experts can surmise, women are most interested in penis proportionality. Upkeep is a close second, rather than penis size or girth.
After all, you can always trim the hedges. But if you have to pick one size-related factor, girth remains the most important element that women prefer when it comes to the perfect penis size. Vaginas are not very sensitive to heat or vibration, but they have many mechanoreceptors that detect stretching and distinguish a large, girthy penis from a narrower one. Still, most women prefer girth to be combined with a nice length.
When it came to one-time hookups, women preferred big penises with the greatest length and circumference. However, women preferred penises with sizes only slightly above the average length and girth for long-term partners — about 6. This should reassure any man in a committed relationship. The attraction to a large penis in one-off partners also makes sense. A large penis might be attractive for an evening. But the post-sex pain associated with partners packing a big penis makes a long-term commitment to a massive member slightly less appealing.
Interestingly, women generally remembered penises being smaller in size than they actually were when asked about them later. So no matter how big of a penis a man is packing, there are no guarantee as to what his partner is telling her friends.
In the end, size might make for a pretty penis, but people are more than the sum of their body parts. And good partners have far more important qualities than a hefty girth.. s of an Attractive Penis The ratio of girth to length is just right. Circumcised is preferable for most. Groomed pubic hair goes a long way toward making a penis look pretty. For short-term hookups, bigger is better. For long-term commitments, average size is more manageable. Later Than You Think.Girl looking for huge
How Big is a Large Penis?Heart problems lead patients to greater fragility before Covid-19. | Photo: Bigstock
Patients with Covid-19 who develop heart problems as a result of the disease have a high in-hospital death rate (42%), according to a survey by the Instituto do Coração de l’Hospital das Clínicas de la Faculty of Medicine of the University of São Paulo.
Follow Semper Familia on Instagram!
The study, published in the online scientific journal IJC Heart & Vasculature, also found that 71% of these patients required intensive care while hospitalized and 54.2% had damage to the heart muscle. The information comes from Agência Brasil.
The research also identified, as factors that worsen clinical condition and death, previous heart failure, present in 12.6% of research participants, echocardiogram changes (6%), acute coronary syndromes (5.7%) and arrhythmias (4.5%).
The study was conducted by the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Incor, Roberto Kalil Filho, and researcher Patrícia Guimarães. Entitled CoronaHeart, the research was based on the evaluation of 2,546 people with an average age of 64 years, hospitalized in 21 hospital units, from June to October 2020.
“First in South America, this study is now part of the global body of information on heart complications in patients with Covid-19, alongside research conducted in Italy, the United States and England . As each population has its specificity, it is important that we have this study from a Brazilian perspective “, underlined the doctor Roberto Kalil.
Increased risk of cancer
One of the peculiarities observed in Brazil was the increased risk of death in patients with a certain type of cancer, due to the weak immune system. These data are similar to research findings in China, however, not recorded in studies on the European continent.
The study also showed that, unlike international records, in Brazil there was an equalization between the number of deaths of men and women. In other countries, there was a prevalence of males in death registration. and mulch your beds and plant seasonal and colorful flowers
3. Powerwash your driveway and entryway
4. If space allows, put a bench next to your front door with colorful
pillows
5. Keep your lawn neatly trimmed and mowed
6. Paint or repair your mailbox
7. Wash windows to make them sparkle
8. Powerwash your roof
Call Fine Living Realty of The Palm Beaches to get other tips or helpful suggestions if you are thinking of selling your home! 561-512-7905Happy Friday! I hope you all have had a great week. It’s been a while since I have posted a paint colors of Instagram series, but I’m happy to be back to show you these gorgeous spaces and colors. Blues are HOT right now, there are so many pretty shades of them, some which you will see below. I hope you enjoy and have a wonderful weekend!!
Wythe Blue by Benjamin Moore
Tricorn Black by Sherwin-Williams
Dover Gray by Sherwin-Williams
Caribbean Teal by Benjamin Moore
Sea Salt by Sherwin-Williams
Retreat by Sherwin-Williams
@stylemenewengland
Watery by Sherwin-Williams
6 Flawless Navy Paint Colors
Thank you for stopping by! For more paint colors of Instagram, see here.Import Help from Guru's Services Team
If the tool you’re moving to Guru from isn’t listed as one of the in-app options for importing content, we can still help!
Listed below are some tools we can help migrate from, and the specific things we’ll need in order to help you:
Don’t see the tool you use listed here? If it has an export option or API documentation, we still may be able to help!
Send along the appropriate information and we can work with our engineering team to migrate this content over into Guru with you.
Contact Guru's Support Team by clicking "Chat with Us!" under Team Settings in Guru or by sending an email to support@getguru.com.
💡 Tip
When importing existing content into Guru, it's important to update the information in advance, so your team can trust the knowledge in Guru right away.Santa Cruz over Benson 42-7 to win the 2A Championship
December 12, 2020 by Andy Morales, AZPreps365
Getting caught in a Dust Devil can be fun, painful and punishing all at the same time but the power of the wind is here and gone in an instant and no one can predict when it will return - if ever. For Eloy Santa Cruz, the twisters in the desert blew frequently with seven state titles from the 1960s to the 1980s, with the last coming in 1990, but 2020 saw the return of the storm with the third-ranked Dust Devils finishing 9-1 with a 42-7 victory over Benson in the state final on Saturday afternoon in Scottsdale.
Benson also finished 9-1 in the year, having secured the top seed in the 2A Conference after taking care of business behind a group of young men on a roster that had no seniors but plenty of heart.
“Every game we played was a blessing. We didn’t know if we were going to play and we went game by game not knowing,” Benson head coach Chris Determan said. “We weren’t supposed to play and we wound up in the championship game. We had a common goal to succeed and we did. We return everybody and we will be ready again.”
Rishard Davis came close once before after leading the Dust Devils to a state runner-up finish in 2017. That 28-27 loss to Thatcher in overtime might have signaled the end of an era but it sparked a new one instead with this run being led by senior running back Hunter Ogle. Ogle came into the championship with a state-leading 1,852 yards rushing and walked off the field for the final time with 2,096 yards rushing at an incredible clip of 10.75 yards a pop.
Hunter Ogle. #azpreps365 Santa Cruz pic.twitter.com/31XsWUDqvy— Andy Morales (@AZPreps365Andy) December 12, 2020
He started his final game off in his usual fashion with a 7-yard run off the tackle to put the Dust Devils up 7-0 with 8:49 in the first but Benson was unable to respond and gave up the ball on downs at the Santa Cruz 6
Angel Rigney stopped another Santa Cruz drive with an interception but David Avilez returned the favor to put Santa Cruz back in business. The ensuing drive stalled and Benson blocked a kick to keep the score close at the half.
The first half lasted 45 minutes with only eight passes thrown but one had a feeling the second half would be a little different but no one expected the loss of Devin Bowling to an ankle injury and he led the Bobcats in rushing with 29 yards on 5 attempts when he left and Tristan Martinez passed that total with 31 yards late but the team was held to only 104 yards on 34 attempts.
“When you lose a player like that (Bowling) it changes your dynamics,” Determan added. “Had to try to make things work without him and you hate to hang your hat on one or two guys but he was difficult to replace.”
The difficulty in moving the ball resulted in another turnover on downs and Steve Calvin ran a TD in from 21 yards out to put the Dust Devils up 14-0 with 8:40 in the third. Jace Barney put the Bobcats on the board with a short run with 5:54 left in the third but Ogle ripped off a 49-yard run 13 seconds later to make it 21-7 Santa Cruz.
Tanzor Gil picked up a fumble and the Bobcats were back in business and Ricardo Alinez ran one in from 7 yards out to make it 28-7 with 3:27 left in the third. Ogle added a 59-yard TD run and his brother Wyatt Ogle hit Sias Lopez from 29 yards out for the 42-7 final.
As a team, Santa Cruz finishes with 415 yards rushing with Avilez adding 71 to Ogle’s 244. Calvin finished with 57 and Alaniz had 30. Wyatt Ogle finished with 60 yards passing.
Martinez had his 31 yards rushing, Bowling had 29, Rigney had 28 and Barney had 24. Brok Determan had 71 yards passing.
Benson has never won a state championship but Chris Determan led the team to the state final in 2015 and his Bobcats are the early favorites to take in all next fall with every player returning.
“We are all juniors and we have been working hard since June, busting our butts in practice and the weight room,” Brok Determan said. “We have a very good group of guys and they played their hearts out. I mean we all played hard till the end. I’m going to remember these guys and we have known each other six we were six years old and we are going to be back here again next year.”
Ogle finished his career with 4,656 yards rushing at 8.64 yards a try with 54 TDs.
"Hopefully this championship brings Santa Cruz back to those times,” Santa Cruz head coach Rishard Davis said of the Dust Devils’ storied history. “Hopefully, this will motivate more guys to come out and play football, keep that competitive spirit going and represent Santa Cruz.” stay in the present moment. And that moment is home. –Anne Lamott
Yesterday I stood in my kitchen and cried.
Well, let’s back up.
Yesterday my daughter kept running away from me in Target, shouting “No!” when I got close to her, and finally, in her last act, she bit the end off of a banana hanging on the display stand, and I took her by the arm and we left. With her screaming the whole way.
People look at you a certain way when your kid is out of control. I know, because I was one of those people before. In a restaurant. On a plane. In Target.
That kid needs discipline.
Can’t she control her own child?
Kids are so spoiled. If that were my kid, I’d teach her a lesson!
But the thing about controlling your kid is that it comes at a price.
Sure, I could have asserted my dominance and yelled at her, and watched her withdrawn eyes for the rest of the day after she learned that she can’t trust me to maintain control when she’s out of control. I didn’t do that. (Though, let’s be real, I am human, and I have lost my temper and yelled before. And always so deeply regretted it.) But I was definitely harsh, and she knew I was not happy. She is sensitive, and that is enough to make her cry.
It didn’t get better when we got home. Right now is a particularly difficult stage in our relationship. And I tried, by myself on the stairs after she threw her shoes and climbed on the table, to think about mindfulness; I counted on ten of my fingers what I was grateful for; I breathed in unison with my Apple Watch.
That stuff doesn’t always work. It sure didn’t work yesterday. It took the edge off, for a moment. But inside, I could still feel all that resistance brewing. I was still angry, and tired, and frustrated. No amount of breathing was going to help that. I needed a release.
All I had wanted at Target was a couple of things. One of them was a kombucha. (I’m brewing my own again! But it won’t be ready for a week or two.) But we didn’t even get to the checkout line, obviously. #bananaproblems
V can feel it when I’m in a mood like that, and was staying farrrrr away from me playing by herself. I looked back at my watch, realized it was time for her lunch (probably why she was acting so…so…well, like how she was acting), heaved a heavy sigh and got up to go to the fridge. And opened it.
There, in the compartment on the side of the door, was a kombucha my husband had bought for me the day before, when I had been in a similarly terrible mood. There it was. All shiny and cold and brand new and still sealed.
I closed the door and stood, immobile.
And then, I totally lost it.
Cried, like a big cry, like with heaving and snot and sound. Enough that Rolo noticed and came around the corner to meow, concerned.
Was I angry? Was I out of patience? Was I grateful? Was I simply releasing my resistance to everything being kind of difficult lately? Was I feeling guilty, thinking I didn’t deserve the kombucha that was sitting there?
I don’t know. I was all of it, I guess, and after lunch, V and I sat on the couch for two whole episodes of Sesame Street, cuddling, while I drank said-kombucha that might as well have been a gift from God. We were both subdued the rest of the day. She didn’t act up anymore, and I didn’t take her on errands and try to control her behavior anymore.
Sigh.
I like this Anne Lamott quote. Sometimes, yoga or Buddhism or mindfulness or the law of attraction can put out this image that we have to delete every ugly feeling we’ve ever had and send it off somewhere else. Pretend it never existed. Always vibrate at a high frequency, and never acknowledge that something is going on that we don’t want.
And while the ability to do that would be really, really nice, I think what sometimes gets left out of that is processing the original feeling. Before we pretend it’s not there, before we ship it off. Looking at it, facing it, and allowing the moment to kind of…well, suck. I believe that the transformation comes from there. That’s always my experience with difficult feelings, anyway.
I did not get through my breakup, or anything hard I’ve been through, by sitting in a field meditating and ignoring every negative thought in my brain. I did mediate, but I also sobbed every single time I needed to, I watched hours of depressing movies, I wrote angry letters that I never sent, I sat on my balcony and wondered how on Earth I had gotten to where I was. I accepted the ugliness of all of it, and the seemingly bottomless expanse of my grief and anger and hopelessness. There didn’t really seem to be another choice. I sat with all of it, for so much longer than I wanted to, until it finally passed.
I would love for this to be the happiest blog like all the other ones I see out there, where I make curtains and aprons during my child’s beautiful three hour nap, and every day we play together and have the most fun, and she is so well-behaved and definitely doesn’t bite the ends off of bananas in Target, but then I’d be lying to you.
I love my daughter. I love her more than I have ever loved anything on this entire planet. And sometimes, she is an asshole. And even more unfortunately, sometimes I am an asshole, and then I’m standing in the kitchen crying because my husband bought me a $3.49 bottle of kombucha and I feel like I don’t deserve it.
That is my truth. Ugly, and inconvenient. And also, true.
Name: Kerry Phelan
The Big Gig: President of global franchise management at Lionsgate.
Previously: EVP of global franchise management and strategic partnerships at Lionsgate.
IP evolution: Phelan first joined Lionsgate in 2014 to launch its new franchise management division. Under her direction, the Franchise Management Group created brand extensions spanning everything from promotional ventures to consumer products. “It was the result of so much growth over the past few years, and that the studio now owned this very diverse portfolio of IPs,” Phelan says. “The idea was, what else can we be doing with this vast portfolio beyond just screen time?” Now serving as president, global franchise management, Phelan is responsible for brand partnerships and promotions, licensed merchandise, and live and location-based entertainment.
Location-based love: Live and location-based entertainment, in particular, are areas of focus for Phelan moving forward. “That’s where we’ve been making a lot of recent announcements, around theme parks and live events,” she says. “In terms of long-term goals, location-based entertainment is a big initiative for us as a company.” The first Lionsgate-branded theme park zone, which features the world of The Hunger Games, is set to open in Motiongate, Dubai. Meanwhile, the company’s first indoor theme park, Lionsgate Entertainment World, is currently in development in China; and its first studio-branded outdoor theme park, Lionsgate Movie World, is set to open in South Korea.
Grab the popcorn: And while Phelan says Lionsgate will continue to be “very, very active” in the world of live and location-based entertainment, the company is also excited about a number of projects coming to the silver screen. In November, the live-action family film Wonder will debut in theaters, and Lionsgate is also collaborating with Hasbro on this month’s animated feature film My Little Pony: The Movie. Phelan adds that NBA fans should keep their eyes peeled for a project currently in production—the upcoming movie Uncle Drew, featuring Boston Celtics star Kyrie Irving.
Correction: In our October print issue we identified Kerry Phelan as EVP of global franchise management and strategic partnerships at Lionsgate (p.34). She is now president of global franchise management. Kidscreen regrets the error.The Waterfront Theatre College showcases their musical theatre department with a new production, Broadway or Bust, at the Masque Theatre Muizenburg from Wednesday August 24 to Saturday September 3.
Conceived by Garth Tavares, Broadway or Bust is a musical theatre revue featuring a myriad showstoppers from classical Broadway hits such as Annie, Get your Gun, Hair, Sweet Charity and Cats to more recent successes such as Jersey Boys, The Addams Family, 9 to 5 and Matilda.
“A revue is the ideal way to showcase the range of skills possessed by our student body,” explained college director Delia Sainsbury. “The eclectic range of material featured in the show allows a more diverse demonstration of each individual’s unique talent.”
Many of the extracts included in the show are stand-alone pieces and offer value even if the audience is not familiar with the original context.
“Featuring a cast of 100 students, the show rivals Ben-Hur,” quipped Garth Tavares. “It has taken six months to put together with students being actively involved in the creative process both on and off stage, from the painting of sets, to the making of puppets to the singing, dancing and acting – the students have truly seen the grit behind the glitz!”
Broadway or Bust is directed by Garth Tavares who also does the musical direction and choreography. Costume designs are by Delia Sainsbury and decor is facilitated by Deon Bisschoff.
In addition to highlighting the best of the college’s musical theatre faculty, Broadway or Bust is a fund-raising event for the Waterfront Theatre College Bursary Fund. This fund helps to support young artists who may not have the resources to access further training. All proceeds from the show go to funding a future generation of theatre practitioners.
Shows are at 7.30pm on Wednesdays to Saturdays with an additional 2.30pm show on Saturdays. Tickets are R120 with stu- dent and pensioner rates being R100. Tickets available at. co.za or events/21056.
For information about the production and the Waterfront Theatre College, call Sharon Everett on 021 481 5380 or 082 772 8867 or email thegallowaytheatre@gmail. com
Support St Luke’s annual Tree of Lights ceremonyThe vision of Shmitta in our timesRabbi Kook ztz”l explains that the effect Shabbat has on each individual, Shmitta has for all of Israel. There is a way to maximize that. Tags: Shmitta Rabbi Eliezer Melamed Torah Scholars Rabbi Eliezer Melamed , Nov 03 , 2021 10:53 AM Rabbi Eliezer MelamedPR photo The purpose of the Shmitta year is to remind us, by way of not working the fields, that Hashem is the Creator of heaven and earth. This is the intention of our Sages statement: “The Holy One, blessed be He, said to Israel: Sow your seed six years but omit the seventh, that you may know that the earth is mine” (Sanhedrin 39a). Our Sages said: “The Holy One, blessed be He created many things in the world, and He chose one of them. He created seven days, and chose Shabbat … He created years, and chose one of them, as it is written: ‘The land itself must observe a Sabbath rest before the Lord every seventh year (Leviticus 25:2)… He created lands, and He chose one of them – the Land of Israel … He created nations, and chose one of them – these are Israel…” The things that God chose for Himself are things meant to reveal the neshama (soul) and essence. Shabbat is the neshama of the entire week, Shmitta year is the neshama of the seven year cycle, the Land of Israel is the neshama of all lands, and Am Yisrael (the Jewish Nation) is the neshama of all nations. Thus, cessation of agricultural work is intended to reveal the inner neshama. During the six days of the week, man works hard and his neshama is hidden, but by means of Shabbat, his neshama receives expression, and he is able to take pleasure in God through the study of Torah and Shabbat meals, and consequently, come to understand the value and blessing of his work during the six weekdays. Rabbi Kook ztz”l explains that the effect Shabbat has on each and every individual, the Shmitta year has for Clal Yisrael (all of Israel). By resting from the toil and stress, the Jewish nation becomes strengthened in their emuna (faith) in Hashem, and is able to invest more time in Torah study. By declaring the fruits of the trees hefker (ownerless) and waiving financial debts, the Jewish people are able to relax from the tension and competition accompanying trade and business, and highlight the character traits of kindness and compassion between man and his fellow neighbor. Thus, for an entire year, Israel’s collective neshama returns to illuminate and enlighten the Nation of Israel, they are reminded of all the positive aspirations, yearn for a world perfected through kindness and truth, love between neighbors’ increases, and societal life gradually improves. As a result, blessing is drawn to the other six years of labor (based on the introduction to Rabbi Kook’s “Shabbat Ha’aretz”). Torah Study in the Shmitta Year Naturally, the revelation of the neshama on Shabbat and in the Shmitta year is achieved through increased Torah study with joy and happiness, as our Sages said: “Shabbat and Festivals were given to us for the sole purpose of engaging in Torah study” (Jerusalem Talmud, Shabbat 15: 3). We can also learn this from the wondrous description of our Sages in the Zohar (Kabbalah) regarding events occurring in the Upper Worlds during the Shmitta year: “Come and see, in every Smitta year a proclamation goes forth from the Garden of Eden, saying: Assemble, all men and women and all people of faith, and go up from the lower Garden of Eden to the higher Garden of Eden; then they all remove their malbushim chitzonim (exterior garments), men and women, together with all the children and youths, and are elevated and enter the yeshiva shel rakia (study hall of the firmament); there, they take delight in the happiness of their elevated status, and joy abounds, words of Torah are spoken, new and old, and they are all exceptionally joyous” (Zohar, Volume 3, 171:2, with translation and interpretation). The Change in the Percentage of People Engaged in Agriculture As humanity advances scientifically and technologically, work can be performed by fewer people. In the distant past, over ninety percent of people had to work in agriculture in order to provide for their basic needs. Today, with the help of machines and other technical advances, only about two percent of Israel’s population is engaged in agriculture, and today, fewer farmers can grow much more fruit than many farmers grew previously. Nowadays, the rest of the population are free to pursue jobs enhancing man’s welfare in other areas, such as higher-quality food and clothing production, construction of more spacious and comfortable housing; the manufacturing of furniture and devices that improve the standard of living; creating efficient and convenient systems of transportation, including roads, cars, trains and planes; the building of a comprehensive and efficient financial system; the creation of art and music, and the development of recreational enterprises. This created a situation in which the Shmitta year currently concerns only two percent of the population engaged in agriculture. Cessation of Work in All Professions Seemingly, it would be appropriate for the concept of refraining from work in the Shmitta year to be expressed in all professions. Just as not working the fields is intended to remind farmers that the land belongs to Hashem so they can strengthen themselves in emunah and Torah and thereby receive blessing in the remaining six years of work, likewise, it would be appropriate for workers in other professions to cease work in the Shmitta year, also affording them the opportunity to remember and recognize that the earth and everything in it, belongs to Hashem, thus strengthening themselves in emunah and Torah, and as a result, receive blessing in their other six years of labor. It therefore seems, in my humble opinion, that the Sanhedrin, may it be established soon in our days, will determine a cessation in all professions, according to the principle foundation explained in the Torah. Similar to the Decree of Ma’aser Kesafim Similarly, we learned that our Sages decreed that giving ma’aser kesafim (giving a tenth of one’s income to charity) is ‘ayin bein’o’nit‘ (the standard measure of fulfilling the mitzvah), while giving chomesh (a fifth of one’s income) is ‘ayin ya’feh’– (with a good [generous] eye), for when the vast majority of Jews made their living from agriculture, the Torah commanded us in the framework of giving terumot and ma’asrot (tithes) to give between ten to twenty percent of our produce to the Kohanim (priests), Levites, (who engaged in education and teaching of halakha) and the poor. In a similar way, ten to twenty percent of animals were also dedicated (bechorot, zeroa, lechayayim and keiva [first-born, foreleg, cheeks and stomach]. Since many people began earning a living from trade and other jobs, our Sages determined the giving of ma’aser kesafim from any profit, adding that a good measure was to give chomesh (this is in accordance with the majority of poskim (Jewish law arbiters) who are of the opinion that ma’aser kesafim is of rabbinic status, as explained by Taz, Y.D. 331:32. However, some poskim are of the opinion that the obligation has the status of minhag (custom), while others say it is of Biblical status). A Proposed Amendment for Sabbatical in Other Professions Just as in regards to the cessation of work in the fields the Torah forbade types of work designed to grow more fruit, such as sowing, pruning and plowing, so too the cessation of work in other professions should include work designed to improve the business, and “grow fruits” from it. And just as the fruits of the Shmitta year are imbued with kedusha (sanctity), so too, it is possible to say that business profits yielded on their own accord, can be enjoyed by any individual, provided they are used in the best possible manner – not for trade, or wasteful purposes. Also, just as in the fields one is permitted to do types of work designed to prevent damage that will last for years to come, likewise, in other professions – all work designed to prevent long-term damage will be allowed. And if it is necessary to continue production in order to maintain the share of the market, then all profits will go towards public welfare. When Should Shmitta in Non-Agricultural Professions Be Held It would be appropriate for the shmitta in non-agricultural professions to be held in the seventh, sanctified year, in which there is an obligation to cease work in the fields, so that the atmosphere of peace and tranquility can spread to all, and everyone will be able to study Torah together. However, in professions necessitating continuous work such as teaching, medicine and transportation, it would be proper that each year, one out of every seven workers in the industry will have a sabbatical, in which he can relax and gain strength from Torah learning, in preparation for the next six years. Already today, this is the custom in the teaching profession; inspired by the commandments of the Torah, the educational system instituted that every teacher is entitled to a sabbatical, when they are able to rest from their work and continue studying, so as to deepen and broaden their thoughts and knowledge. Education towards Values and Savings The mitzvah of Shmitta teaches one to be a free person, and release himself from enslavement to the yetzer of greed that subjugates him to work himself to the bone all his life in order to make more money so he can buy himself as many things as possible. The education of Shmitta provides a person with a real blessing, because although it is important for a person to work diligently, it is also important for him to realize that his happiness is not dependent on luxuries, but rather by living a life of values. Preparation for the Shmitta year teaches individuals to save, and as a result, one can then stop working, and strengthen himself in emunah and Torah. Consequently, he will also be able to set aside time for Torah study during his six years of labor, rejoice in his portion, not be tempted to spend his money on luxuries, and as a result, be blessed and enriched. The Revealing of the Soul and Contentment in the Shmitta Year Just as the Sabbath day reveals the soul of the entire week by way of Torah study and taking pleasure in the goodness of God through our meals and relaxation, and as a result, blessing and inspiration to serve God is drawn into the weekdays, in a similar fashion, refraining from work in the Shmitta year is intended to reveal the soul of the other six years of work. In the Shmitta year a person rests from his toil, and delights in the blessings of God through the crops he saved in previous years, and in consequence of the relaxation and freedom, parents can spend more time together and add love and joy in their relationship, enhance their interaction with family and friends, give expression to their souls by means of setting plenty of time for Torah study, both personal study and attending classes – each person in the area close to his heart. At the same time, someone who takes interest in the sciences and humanities can broaden his knowledge in these fields, and thus, expand his understanding of the Torah. The Blessing in the Sacred Cessation of Work As a result of all this, one can rationally understand how abundant blessing can extend from Shmitta to the other six years of labor. Relaxation from back-breaking work frees the individual from the pressures accumulated in his body and soul. Torah study illuminates one’s soul, the strengthening of ties with family and friends enrich the body, and thus, one is able to return to work with renewed vigor. Continued Professional Education Furthermore, a significant part of each person’s Torah study in the Shmitta year should be in the field related to his profession, so as to elevate the importance of his work. Likewise, it would be worthwhile that in the Shmitta year, each person attend a continuing education program in his profession: farmers should hear from researchers about their investigations and new developments in agriculture; engineers about studies and new developments in their field; businessmen and financiers should hear courses on the economy. The academic researchers would also benefit from this, because most likely, when meeting with people who work in the field, they will hear new ideas and directions that they had not previously thought of. And who knows, the research and new developments which grow out of these Shmitta-year meetings alone, might prove to be more profitable than any profits that could have been earned by working in the Shmitta year. This article appears in the ‘Besheva’ newspaper and was translated from Hebrew.Thompson Rivers University
Average cost of living in CanadaView full cost of living
About Thompson Rivers University.
TRU?s Kamloops and Williams Lake campuses are located on the traditional territory of the Secwepemc peoples, in British Columbia?s southern interior. In Kamloops (from the Secwepemc word for ?meeting of the waters?), the main campus overlooks the junction of the North Thompson and South Thompson rivers, from which the university gets its name..Features:
Full Throttle control with a relaxed hand.Easier Throttle Operation.
Comfortably fits your hand.Reduces hand fatigue and cramping. Perfect for the long-duration driving.
Long-distance riding only need to hold a handle bar, without clenching.
Doesn't lock throttle on.Safe for controlling.
Universal Fit for 7/8" (22cm) standard handlebars
Specification :
Condition: 100% Brand new
Material: plastic
Color: As picture
Size: 6.5*5*2.5cm
Application: 7/8" (22cm) handlebars (Note: not fit for 1 inch handlebars).
Package Includes:
1 x Throttle accelerator control grip
Motorcycle Gear Type: Bracers
Gender: Men
Gender: Unisex
Gender: Women
Color: Black, Blue, Green, Yellow, Red, Orange, Blue
Size: One Size
Material: Plastic
Product Size: 6.5*5*2.5cm
Application: 7/8" (22cm) handlebars (Note: not fit for 1 inch handlebars).
Type item: Motorcycle Accessories
Name: Motorcycle Grip
Type: Motorcycle Hand Grips
Fit: Assist Cramp Stopper Cruise Control Grips
Features: Wrist Control Pad, Universal GripSeparate names with a comma.
Tearing it apart to rework is not fun on a good day
Plus it’s already got POR15, 3 layers
Here are some pics of Apart...........Before Beauty....
You brave for blasting that with only a paper mask
Ain't Skeered
That would be a good motto for a whore house....
First. Happy Thanksgiving. It is after 12 on the east coast.....
Happy Thanksgiving!
Happy Thanksgiving
Hoppy Thongsgiving all!
Morning Trukey Gobblers...looks like I'll finally take a day off from the house project. Heading out to the MIL's in a couple hours. Just the three of us today. I love her like a mother and can't think of a better place Thanksgiving.
Morning happy thanksgiving folks
Morning Chris...big plans today, or staying home and chow down?
Morning! -4 f this morning. Thats dang cold. Im not playing outside today,that’s for sure!
Hey I am back!
So the R/T is getting the final piece to it the state inspection! The 10 day freebe ended yesterday so mayby by Monday? Marilyn actually drove it yesterday for the first time. Told her to keep her foot out of the pedal, I guess she does not listen!
LOL Surplus 324 Person Mobile Camp w/ 240 Bedrooms & 162 Bathrooms in Williston, North Dakota, United States (GovPlanet Item #5263483) Surplus 1960 (unverified) Dodge D400 S/A Water Truck in Morgan Hill, California, United States (GovPlanet Item #5276938)
Happy Thanksgiving Folks! Hope everyone had a safe holiday!
What gets me is there are 67 people watching the sale of the camp. 6 million plus? Wow.
Buy it and change your name to Col Klink? Actually trying to think of why it was origionally made? Guard shack? Not alot of parking ether.
HAPPY TURKEY DAY!!!
I'm front...
Happy Thanksgiving to everybody...
You also Karl!
Going to the inlawsHarrison Ford Says He's a 'Lucky Guy' To Have Survived Star Wars Accident and Plane Crash
The Star Wars: The Force Awakens actor explains in detail how he survived the accident on set which came just three months after a near-fatal plane crash
He might be the biggest star of the Star Wars galaxy but it’s been a bumpy year for Harrison Ford, who explains for the first time exactly what happened during the “dramatic” on set incident, which left him with a another broken leg.
“I was just standing in the doorway talking to J.J. Abrams, our director,” Ford reminisces on ITV’s The Jonathan Ross Show which airs Saturday.
“Somebody said, ‘Oh I wonder what this is?’ And the door came down and hit me on my left hip because I was turned to my right,” he said. “Then it flung my left leg up and it dislocated my ankle and as it drove me down to the floor, my legs slapped on the ramp up to the millennium falcon and broke both bones in my left leg.”
Although the accident on the Star Wars: The Force Awakens set was caused by a co-worker – he claims “I don’t know and I don’t want to know” who was responsible – he doubts such an injury would have even been possible when filming the 1977 classic Star Wars.
“In the original film, the door if there had been a door, would have been closed with a pulley and a stage hand just closing it,” he explained. “But now we had lots of money and technology and so they built a f—— great hydraulic door which closed at light speed.”
The incident which left Ford, 73, in rehab for several weeks, came just three months after the actor and avid pilot experienced a near-fatal crash in his World War II vintage plane. After having to make an emergency landing, Ford suffered a shattered right ankle, a shattered pelvis, a broken back and a serious bump on the head.
“The left leg was in the door and the right leg was in the aeroplane crash,” he said.
But it turns out, Ford wasn’t the only one who suffered an injury while on set. The actor revealed that Abrams actually sustained his own injuries – a stress fracture on his back, whilst trying to save him during the June on-set accident.
“It was, might I say, dramatic because I was pinned to the floor by the hydraulic door – they have a valve that flops once they go to the end of their throw and then they can be retracted but in this case not so much.”
But for Ford, he’s just grateful to still be around to tell the tale.
“It turned out well – I count myself as a lucky guy,” he said.
And he has no plans to stop taking to the skies with wife, Calista Flockhart any time soon.
“My wife, who is a wonderful lady, understands my passion for aviation, she understands what it means to me and flies with me to this day.”26th Feb
This week has been number six week. We have been practising writing 6 and making representations of 6. We know that six is 5 and I more and it is also the same as 3 and 3.
Our traditional tale for this week has been Jack and the Beanstalk and we have retold and listened to slightly different versions . The favourite one seemed to be Stinky Jack and the Beanstalk! We looked at some bean seeds and learnt about how seeds are like being asleep and to wake them up they need to be planted. We learnt two new words, roots and shoots and realised they rhymed. We talked about our daffodil bulbs that are just big seeds and remembered planting them a long time ago in October. We have been very patient and they have now started growing. It was exciting to find some daffodils that had flowered in our playground.How does reimbursement accounting work?
Accounting for reimbursements is lightning fast like our Ramp card transactions. We sync directly to your accounting provider leveraging our direct integration. Currently, we use Bills to sync reimbursements to your Accounting Provider. If you have a different preferred method, please contact support@ramp.com
You can only sync reimbursements that are approved. You'll see a second tab in your Accounting view called "Reimbursements." Similar to Ramp Card transactions, you can code the Accounting Category and other additional fields then mark the reimbursements as ready and sync to your books.
If the reimbursement was paid via ACH on Ramp, we'll sync a Bill to your A/P Account and mark the bill as paid.
Note: Date on the bill is the date the reimbursement was approved in Ramp. The date on the bill payment is the date of the sync.
If the reimbursement was paid manually, we'll sync an open Bill to your A/P Account. Once you pay back the employee outside of Ramp, you'll need to mark the bill as paid on the Accounting Provider.
Note: You must configure your A/P Account and Cash Account in your Accounting Settings to sync reimbursements to your books.
For where to find reimbursements in your accounting provider, please reference this article.Black Friday Weekend Giveaway. every dollar spent = one new entry. Prizes include paid trip to Kabuki HQ, Bars, and more
$ 29.99
This is a structured camper style cap with Kabuki Strength's (anti-fragile) branding. It is embroidered on the same Otto 5-panel hat as the popular Grand Goals cap. This design is reminiscent of hats from back in the day!.One don't think I have ever combined pumpkin and peaches. These sound wonderful.
Love the combination of fall and summer in this beautiful muffin, Kelly! And as for the vending machine chocolate chocolate chip muffin, sometimes you just gotta do what makes you happy!
Kelly,
I know how those Otis Spunkmeyer chocolate chocolate chip muffins can call to you--when I am at Costco I need to be chewing a free sample while walking past the display or else I'll succumb to the siren song.
Such a great combo--I'm glad Stacy made some for us today!
I've been working on a peach and green chile muffin recipe and something is just not hitting it for me--but I think peach and pumpkin sounds like an excellent combo!
Thanks!
I really like this combination - I would have never thought of it yet now that you have it sounds delicious!
Cute story!! Your muffins do look good (summer meets fall), and you can make Stacy's muffins next!
What a fun combination of ingredients - I would never have thought to put peach and pumpkin together, but what a lovely way to say goodbye to summer fruits and hello to fall! <3
google 857
google 858
google 859
google 860
google 861Black Pentacle Pentagram Leather Embossed Journal with Handmade Linen Parchment Paper. 168 pages. 5" x 7", (made from goat leather). I have a journal with the same paper and it is easy to write on with ball point or fine tip ink marker. I love these style clasps, they are sturdy and add a feel of old.
Shipping available or free pickup at INVOKE (select the pick up option at check out). I will combine on shipping. If shipping charges exceed actual shipping by more than $6, you will be credited back the difference on the day of shipment.If a foreign adversary announced to the world that it had a new arsenal of destructive nuclear weapons and threatened the imminent doom of the United States, what would we do? Push for a peace deal that would limit and hopefully end the atomic threat? Invest heavily in missile defense?
If you were running the state of Pennsylvania, you’d probably propose a brand-new radioactivity tax — the more rads, the more tax dollars flowing into Keystone State coffers — and scheme to spend all that new revenue on 15 million protective suits, or a giant glass dome to save Altoona.
That sounds crazy, but how else to describe the ironically named Restore Pennsylvania, Gov. Wolf’s newest plan for taxing the state’s robust fracking industry. It proposes a severance tax to pay for a bridge repair here and some sewage treatment there — and would lock in fossil-fuel production just as the rest of the world is focused on the all-too-real planetary threat of climate change.
“You will never collect enough money to make up for all the devastating harm that fracking imposes on communities,” Maya van Rossum, longtime leader of the Delaware Riverkeeper Network told me — reflecting growing grassroots frustration with the lack of urgency in Harrisburg over climate change. “All you are doing is building up a set of constituents who really want to see fracking happen — because they want the money.”
Climate change is having a moment in early 2019 — a pre-apocalyptic moment. Just ask the residents of Novaya Zemlya, a remote Russian archipelago in the Arctic Ocean which has been overrun by more than 50 polar bears fleeing the melting sea ice that they used to habitate, before the mercury soared and the ice melted. It’s the kind of end-of-the-world scenario you used to see in Hollywood “I Am Legend”-type thrillers, not real life. Same thing in Australia, where temperatures in their January summer down-under soared as high as 120 degrees, as overheated bats fell from trees and pictures of dead horses in a dry gully shocked even the most jaded internet readers.
In Washington, the rising din of climate-catastrophe news and the almost weekly drumbeat of grim scientific reports about melting glaciers or rising sea levels has created a belated-but-badly-needed sense of urgency — at least among some people. The Green New Deal — a broad but sweeping blueprint to all but end carbon pollution in the United States by 2030 — was unveiled by first-term phenom Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York and Massachusetts Sen. Ed Markey and immediately triggered the type of debate over environmental policy that had been drowning in the coal-lobbyist swamp of the Trump administration.
In an era of gridlock, the Green New Deal is the most ambitious proposal to come out of the nation’s capital at least since LBJ’s Great Society of the 1960s and possibly since FDR’s New Deal itself. It calls for eliminating fossil-fuel use “as much as technologically feasible," making every American home and office energy-efficient, and — most controversially — sweeping social and political changes needed to make it happen. (You can, and should, read the whole thing here.)
America’s Republicans — who haven’t had a genuine good Big Idea since the 14th Amendment — are losing it over the Green New Deal, in part because of AOCDS (AOC Derangement Syndrome), and are claiming it would turn America into the next Venezuela. But it’s a little ridiculous to fine-comb obsess over every detail of the plan. It’s meant, in the now-famous words of the conservative pundit Salena Zito, to be taken not literally but seriously — a powerful statement that climate change needs the same energetic, all-in response that America gave World War II or the Great Depression, back when we were a country that did stuff.
Meanwhile, there’s doing stuff ... and then there’s Harrisburg. It’s got D.C.-style gridlock in reverse — a Democratic chief executive and an increasingly ultra-conservative legislature. That Democratic governor, Tom Wolf, has made a doomed proposal for a severance tax on oil-and-gas production (Pennsylvania’s the only big energy-producing state that lacks one) an annual winter event to compete with Punxsutawney Phil. But in the age of global warming, his idea is starting to look like a Brown Old Deal.
Ever see a poll where a GOP incumbent is pitted against “a generic Democrat,” That would be Gov. Wolf: An environmentalist who’s also an incrementalist. Running for re-election last year, he told the Inquirer editorial board: “We are moving — I think — into a sustainable energy future. The question is, what are we doing in the meantime?”
In that “meantime,” Wolf’s ecological policies — you can read my longer take on this from last fall — have been a mix of the good (a moratorium on new oil-and-gas leases in state parks and forests, some belated help for solar), the bad (a willingness to play ball with GOP demands for looser regs) and the ugly (pipeline boosterism, even as the risks of those pipelines become more apparent,) He also recently signed an executive order to reduce the state’s greenhouse gas emissions by 80 percent by 2050 — which makes Restore Pennsylvania even more puzzling.
From an environmentalist point of view, Restore Pennsylvania reflects the state of play in 2014, when there was more anger about how Big Oil and Gas had campaign-contribution-bought its way out of taxes, and not the moral crisis over climate change that exists 2019. Restore Pennsylvania is more of a revenue-raising plan than any kind of “green” deal, new or old; it seeks to bring in a not-inconsiderable $4.5 billion over four years to, in the words of a newspaper headline, “corral sewage, attack blight and boost internet speeds” and would get Mexico ... oops, I mean, fracking companies to pay for it.
I’m all for corralling more sewage. But the thing about Restore Pennsylvania which makes it the anti-Green New Deal is that the concept locks in fossil-fuel production in the Keystone State, both philosophically — the idea demands the fracking tap keeps flowing to feed the tax meter, because, hey, that sewage doesn’t corral itself — and literally: The fine print calls for helping more factories plug into natural gas and to make Pennsylvania a world leader in manufacturing with ethane, even though ethane pollution from fracking is contributing to smog that is worsening global warming.
The state’s established environmental groups have tread lightly so far — most, after all, have long urged Pennsylvania to impose a severance tax — but increasingly there is concern about Pennsylvania’s lack of bold vision on climate. Joe Minott of the Philadelphia-based Clean Air Council told me “this proposal would absolutely lock Pennsylvania into fossil fuel dollars for decades to come.”
Grassroots environmental groups that have been fighting fracking on ground level for the last decade are even more cynical about Restore Pennsylvania. Karen Feridun of Berks Gas Truth, who’s been sharply critical of Wolf’s environmental policies, said its provisions such as taking some of the severance-tax dollars to hook up factories or schools to natural gas are “really diabolical.”
Benjamin Finnegan, a 22-year-old Philadelphia-based organizer for the Sunrise Movement — the youth-oriented activists who made headlines last fall when Ocasio-Cortez joined them for a sit-in at now-House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s office — pointed out to me that the infrastructure work in Restore Pennsylvania include flood-mitigation projects, even as floods are being made worse as a result of burning the fossil fuels that fund the program.
“The plan,” Finnegan told me, “is really a joke.” That’s harsh, but I can’t really fault the 20-somethings and teenagers who are flocking to groups like the Sunrise Movement for their frustration with the baby-boomers-and-older like Wolf or Pelosi — who spoke dismissively of “the green dream, whatever they call it” — who claim to be environmentalists but don’t share their sense of urgency.
This state — which, by the way, produces 1 percent of the world’s greenhouse gases — doesn’t need Restore Pennsylvania nearly as much as it needs a Green New Deal of its own. It’s not so much a question of legislation — the GOP-controlled legislature wouldn’t pass a Green New Deal, but it won’t pass any plan from Wolf — as a matter of vision, of Pennsylvania’s leaders promising today’s youth that this will become the moral equivalent of war. That’s a better choice than bunkering down and praying that you can mitigate the floods, sweep away the dead bats and fight off the roving bands of polar bears.
This month’s action: BYO fork. I promised at the start of 2019 that I’d write a climate change column at least every month — so far, so good. I also promised to offer, each time, a tip on some small (or not so small) thing you can do to reduce greenhouse-gas pollution. That prompted an email from a long-time journalist friend back in Birmingham, Tom Gordon, who sent me a picture of a small cutlery container that he brings with him when he goes out, especially for fast food. Hey, it takes energy to manufacture all of those forks, let alone sporks — then truck them to a landfill. And who needs 'em?
Read last month’s climate change column: Why the fate of this tiny Louisiana island is the world’s most important news story of 2019Property Attributes
- MLS#P4916266
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyHILLSBOROUGH
- CityLithia
- AreaLithia
- NeighborhoodFISHHAWK RANCH PH 2 PRCL A &
- Zip33547
- StyleSingle Family Residence
- Year Built2001
- Taxes$ 7384
- Price$ 865,000
- Bedrooms5
- Full Bathrooms4
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage4258
- Lot Size0.47 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
KELLER WILLIAMS REALTY SMART 1
Data Source:
Stellar MLS
Property Description
Welcome to Eagleridge, one of the most desirable tree lined gated villages in Fishhawk Ranch. Fall in love with this beautiful David Weekley two story built home that boasts 5 bedrooms, 4 baths, a 3 car garage and has so many extras. Store all your toys in the enlarged 3-car garage. If you need more room, BUILD AN ADDITIONAL ATTACHED WORKSHOP/GARAGE OR EXTENSION up to 30ft wide by 50ft deep on the property (SEE PHOTO EXAMPLE) As you step into this open floor plan that has been freshly painted throughout, the formal dining room is to your right and the office/den with French doors to your left. To the front is a large formal living room with tray ceilings. The large kitchen offers ample storage, tons of counter space complete with island and countertop seating, tile backsplash, built-in double ovens and flat cooktop. Next to the kitchen is the breakfast area and a spacious family room where everyone can gather, watch tv or just enjoy time with family and friends. Open up the family room to the covered porch area to enjoy an outdoor get together. This plan has an extended master suite that boasts a huge walk-in closet, a spacious master bath with jetted soaking tub, large walk in shower and his and hers split sinks with vanity. From the master bedroom step out to the covered porch overlooking a wooded conservation area through your own private entrance. Sip coffee in the morning while watching native wildlife such as deer, peacocks and native other birds in the adjacent wooded conservation area. Its split layout puts the 3 additional bedrooms on the opposite side of the house where 2 of the bedrooms share a Jack and Jill bath and the other bedroom has its own separate bathroom. A retreat/flex room sits between the bedrooms. As a bonus, the carpeted 5th bedroom with full bathroom is upstairs. This could be used as a stay at home work space, family retreat, game room or be converted into two additional bedrooms. New roof December 2020. Correct lot size according to owners is .47 or 20,473 sq ft. Zoned for A-rated schools, FishHawk Ranch offers a resort-style community with world-class amenities including an aquatic center, parks, playgrounds, 30+ miles of trails, clubhouses, gyms, tennis courts, and sports complex. A full lifestyle community. KITCHEN IS CURRENTLY BEING REMODELED SO ESCUSE THE MESS WHEN VIEWING THE HOME!! Visit for HOA documents and community information and photos of community.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolWater leakages can take away the comfort from your life especially your mind. This leakage spoils the property as well along with mental peace. The leakage detection and repair services are provided by professionally trained people.
You can hire professionals to solve your problem but there are many in the market now, how you are going to get the best out of them. You can also consult with one of the best water leak repair firms over the internet.
There are few checkouts you should follow before you hire someone for leak detection:
1) Licensed:
A licensed leak detection company will get its license only after the completion of certain norms and obligations which are necessary when entering leak detection as a profession. These norms set a standard and safety of work essential for the customers. Thus when you hire a leak detection company, make sure that the company is licensed for the work.
2) Insured:
Insurance is a must for any company. It is good for the company as well as the customers. The misfortune incidences do not tell and come and nobody invites them as well, so being ready for one in terms of insurance is assign to a wise company, and choosing a wise company is so wise of you.
3) Reliable:
Reliability is very important when it comes to choosing services else the trouble can get bigger and just bigger. The past references are a good source that can tell you about the reliability of particular leak detection and repair companies.KIDNEY PANCREAS: Edited by Matthew CooperMachine perfusion in kidney transplantationKataria, Ashisha; Magoon, Sandeepb; Makkar, Binnic; Gundroo, AijazaAuthor Information aDivision of Nephrology, Department of Medicine, University at Buffalo, Buffalo, New York bDivision of Nephrology, Department of Medicine, Eastern Virginia Medical School, Virginia Beach, Virginia cDepartment of Educational affairs, Roswell Park Cancer Institute, Roswell Park Cancer Institute, Buffalo, New York, USA Correspondence to Ashish Kataria, MD, Division of Nephrology, Department of Medicine, University at Buffalo, Buffalo, NY 14225, USA. Tel: +1 716 898 3337; e-mail: [email protected] Current Opinion in Organ Transplantation: August 2019 - Volume 24 - Issue 4 - p 378-384 doi: 10.1097/MOT.0000000000000675 Buy Metrics Abstract Purpose of review The shortage of kidneys for transplantation has led to an urgent need to efficiently utilize the available cadaveric kidneys. Efficient use of machine perfusion may potentially lead to increased use of marginal kidneys by lowering the incidence of delayed graft function (DGF) and improving graft outcomes. Recent findings Machine perfusion has had a resurgence in the last 10–15 years over static cold storage (SCS). Hypothermic machine perfusion (HMP), the most commonly utilized type of machine perfusion reduces the rates of DGF when compared with SCS with a trend towards improving the overall graft survival. Summary Despite reduction in the rates of DGF by HMP, its effect on long-term renal and patient outcomes is not clearly known. There is limited clinical literature in the use of normothermic machine perfusion (NMP) but a few pilot studies have shown its potential to resuscitate commonly discarded kidneys. In addition to preservation, machine perfusion also allows for various diagnostic and therapeutic interventions during the preservation period to assess and optimize the viability of the procured kidney. Copyright © 2019 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved.NW Playing 11: The Abu Dhabi T10 will kick start from the two finalists of the previous season, Northern Warriors and Delhi Bulls up against each other. The Northern Warriors are the defending champions of the Abu Dhabi T10 tournament.
In the last season, they secured 2 wins in 3 league matches to qualify for the super stage. In the Super League stage, the Northern Warriors managed to win 5 out of 6 fixtures and came at 2nd position to qualify for the semifinals. Then the Northern Warriors went on to win the finals of the tournament and would look to continue the same performance in this season.
Team News
The champion of the previous season will be confident of their abilities to do well in this season as well. Only 2 players like Rovman Powell, Rayad Emrit were present in the squad of the last year. In this season, they have included players like Moeen Ali, Samit Patel, Kennar Lewis, Upul Tharanga to their batting department, who can be vital to their track record in the T20 format.
In the bowling unit, they have the presence of international bowlers like Imran Tahir, Gareth Delany, Josh Little, Chris Jordan. The Indian bowlers, Yo Mahesh and Abhimanyu Mithun have also been included in the squad.
Related: Possible India Playing 11 for 2nd T20I
NW Playing 11 (likely)
Northern Warriors Squad: Rovman Powell, Chris Jordan, Moeen Ali, Rayad Emrit, Samit Patel, Imran Tahir, Upul Tharanga, Kaunain Abbas, Umair Ali Khan, Rameez Shahzad, Kennar Lewis, Abhimanyu Mithun, Josh Little, Ross Whiteley, Gareth Delany, Yo Mahesh Vijayakumar.
1. Moeen Ali
The all rounder has been one of the finest performers in the T20 cricket, and has gained experience in the franchise cricket as well. In 203 T20 matches, Moeen has scored 4338 runs and has scalped 135 wickets and is expected to do well in the T10 format.
Know more about Moeen Ali
2. Samit Patel
The experienced cricketer has been quite successful in helping his respective teams to win the championships due to all around contributions.
3. Imran Tahir
The bowler has a knack of picking key wickets of the opposition batters by his pitch perfect bowling. In 334 T20 matches, he has grabbed 420 wickets and is expected to do well in the Abu Dhabi T10.
4. Chris Jordan
The highest wicket taker for the England team in the T20I format has been able to bowl accurate yorkers with his pace. He has a total of 259 dismissals in T20s.
For more cricket news, click hereVoted Florida’s best printer, SunDance Graphics located in Orlando, Florida continues to benefit from its close partnership with Heidelberg Lifecycle Solutions. Combining consumables with digital and technical services, Lifecycle Solutions has substantially increased SunDance Graphics’ profits through digital transformation in the press room. Additionally, this unique combination of products and services has helped extend the lifecycle of the company’s Heidelberg equipment, which includes a Suprasetter A 106, a Speedmaster CD 102-6+L, a Versafire CP digital color press, and two POLAR 137 high-speed cutters, which are integrated with Prinect workflow and run using Heidelberg Saphira Consumables.
“Being a Lifecycle customer is a huge benefit because Heidelberg is invested in us,” said JohnHenry Ruggieri, Managing Partner at SunDance. “It’s unique – most vendors just want to sell us a machine, but Heidelberg is equally invested in us running efficiently, which allows us to focus more on our customers’ needs than the production of the machine.”
Through Lifecycle Solutions, SunDance receives monthly conference calls and a yearly on-site evaluation with a Heidelberg Performance Advisor. The monthly calls review progress on KPIs (key performance indicators) and recommend, in months when goals are not met, steps for improvement. In the annual visits, Heidelberg specialists evaluate processes and operator performance and deliver a detailed report on what they find to management.
“They keep us in tip-top shape,” said Ruggieri. “Heidelberg guarantees that our machines are running at peak productivity. If they aren’t, they help us implement strategies to get us where we need to be. It’s a partnership and guarantees that all our machines are performing with industry-leading standards.”
Suprasetter A 106 and Speedmaster CD 102 – Doubling Business with Less Labor
To start off the production workflow, SunDance has a Suprasetter A 106 CtP device (using Heidelberg Saphira Plates), which fully automates the loading of plates directly from the Dual Cassette Loader with slip sheet removal, imaging, punching, and plate stacking. Holding 110 plates of each press size, the Suprasetter eliminates manual hand-punching with to the internal punching system, which also maximizes registration accuracy.
“The Suprasetter has dramatically impacted our workflow at SunDance with significant labor savings,” said Ruggieri. “Our press team queues up the plates from their console, and the plates come out the other end. The plates are able to go straight to the Speedmaster CD 102 – with only the press operators working on it.”
Installed over 5 years ago, SunDance Graphics’ chose the best-selling Speedmaster CD 102-6+L as the company’s primary offset press. Running at speeds up to 15,000 sheets per hour, the CD 102 provides flexible processing of a large variety of jobs and materials. Delivering up to 40 million impressions per year, the easy-to-use CD 102 offers short makeready times and an attractive price/performance ratio – maximizing the profit potential of its output.
“In the last five years, we have doubled our business and stayed to 2 shifts thanks to the CD 102,” said Ruggieri. “Between the press and our performance meetings, we are continuously growing in output, and we see higher uptime on this press than on our older presses.”
Single Solution through Entire Production Flow
Another contributing factor to SunDance’s uptime is their choice to exclusively use Saphira Consumables, which are extensively tested by Heidelberg for optimum production in a variety of environments. According to Ruggieri, “With Heidelberg’s Saphira Consumables, we know we just have one person to call. If there is an issue, they take accountability and find the best solution for us. They are providing an entire solution through a single point of contact.”
With the full Prinect workflow also in the facility, SunDance has fast and reliable job processing and data presetting. The company is minimizing makeready times, energy consumption, and paper waste with the state-of-the-art press and prepress automation. Additionally, SunDance uses Prinect Color Toolbox, the industry’s leading color management software – giving them ability to match color across both offset and digital platforms, which they use with the CD 102 and their Versafire CP.
Printing at 130 pages-per-minute, the company’s Versafire is producing digital work quicker than ever before– exceeding the quality and applications of competitive machines that are double the price. According to Ruggieri, “The Versafire CP has fulfilled all of my expectations. It’s a key part of our digital workflow, and we are so happy with it.”
POLAR Cutter – Reliable Postpress Solution
SunDance’s most recent purchase was two POLAR 137 high speed cutters equipped with POLAR Compucut Software, which integrates with Prinect. Thanks to the Pressroom Manager, the company can scan a barcode and automatically set up the job on the cutter allowing the company to find new ways to save labor. According to Ruggieri, “We went from having two shifts to one shift because of the technology on the cutter.”
The POLAR 137 with Compucut Software offers shorter makeready times and faster cutting efficiency with maximum precision to increase profitability. According to Ruggieri, “We’ll continue to purchase POLAR cutters because they never go down. We are a one press shop, so we need all our equipment up and running to remain profitable. Luckily, Heidelberg makes reliable equipment, so we don’t have to worry about going down. However, we know that if we have an issue, Heidelberg is only a phone call away and will be out to help by the next day. That’s why we’ll keep partnering with Heidelberg in the years to come.”
About SunDance Graphics
SunDance is an innovative print company focused on delivering quality, cost-effective and timely solutions with exceptional customer service. The company’s manufacturing facility boasts a distinctive assortment of equipment perfectly matched to its clients wants and needs. SunDance’s full-service, in-house, multi-channel marketing solutions include creative design, branding, printing, mailing, digital marketing, web design and more. SunDance prides itself in developing powerful partnerships with its clients by building trust and achieving marketing and branding goals.
Rebecca Melville
PR and Marketing Specialist
Project Description
Yousuf al-Mulhem
Yousuf al-Mulhem
Satirist known for his sarcastic tweets. He was not particularly political but was arrested after a tweet which was a wish for peace after the news broke out that Saudi Crown Prince and Qatari Emir have talked on phone
Personal information
Name: Yousuf al-Mulhem
Name in Arabic: يوسف الملحم
Date of Birth: Unknown
Gender: Male
Marital status: Unknown
Profession: Blogger
Place of residence: Unknown
Arrest and jail information
Date of arrest:12 September 2017
Manner of arrest: Unknown
Where held: Unknown
Trial information
Alleged crimes: Unknown
Victim's charges: No clear charges, friendly behaviour towards Qatar.Guest Arnaud Posted January 18, 2007 Share Posted January 18, 2007 Hi, I am developping a mod that enhance all npc and I'm using Divine Remix since it is very good. I was using version 3 previously and now, I'm updating to v.5 I used a chart called sphere.xls which very helpful. Now, there are many new spells, with new alignment restrictions. I have to rebuild all my cleric spellbooks. Are there any documentation somewhere or I must find everything with tools? It would save me a coupe of hours Thanks. Link to comment
Recommended Posts
Archived
This topic is now archived and is closed to further replies.WDPrx – Woodfield Pharmaceutical, LLC is a proven and reliable CMO pharma partner specializing in oral solutions, liquid solutions, suspensions and semi-solids. We increase efficiency ‘from lab to launch’ managing early stage development, R+D, technology transfer, pharmaceutical formulation and development, exhibit batches, ANDA and NDA regulatory support.
Packaging and labeling equipment is programmed to print and read 2D barcodes.
Serialization Accomplished
The requirements for pharmaceutical serialization compliance were completed at WDPrx last year with time to spare before the FDA deadline of November 27, 2018. Allocation of DSCSA-compliant serial numbers with track and trace protocols throughout packaging, labeling and EDI data transmissions are all performing to specifications for efficient and safe movement of medications within the supply chain.
Laboratory services support product development, testing and manufacture from early development to commercial production.
Product Development Projects Increasing
The on-site laboratories at WDPrx are accommodating an increasing quantity of client requests for early stage development including pharmaceutical formulation, stability testing, method development and pharmaceutical validation leading to production of exhibit batches. Manufacturers rely on WDPrx to perform a broad range of services to support their business strategies.
Cost control requires the same discipline shown by our laboratory technicians for successful technology transfer projects.
Technology Transfer Cost Control
Contract manufacturing partners are sensitive to cost pressures placed on manufacturers. Technology transfer costs are a key element to contain budgetary expenditures. WDPrx harnesses technology and equipment and stresses open communication to expedite projects to successful conclusion.
WDPrx supports clients with timely completion and submission of documentation to regulatory authorities.
Regulatory Focus
Along with a focus on product development, WDPrx continues to build regulatory compliance services at our Houston facility to ease pressure on manufacturer burn rates and to maintain relationships from early-to-late stage development.
Clear division of responsibilities and a pathway for dispute resolution help assure successful collaboration between manufacturers and CMO pharma partners.
Six Steps Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Should Follow For Successful CMO Projects
We refine successful partnerships between manufacturers and CMO pharma partners down to six simple steps. These steps include dispute resolution, division of responsibilities, changes requested outside the agreement terms, regulatory compliance filing requirements, logistics capabilities and business practices.
Krabi Dive Sites
Taking a boat trip from the beautiful beaches of Ao Nang and Klong Muang will quickly bring you to some of the most spectacular dive sites in South East Asia. From shallow coral fringed island to sunken wrecks.
With three marine reserves to choose from, each full of hidden islands, bays and beaches surrounded by shallow fringing corals, we have an unbeatable range of sites to dive and snorkel, all filled with a stunning variety of fascinating sea life.
Aqua Visions trips alternate between the Phi Phi Islands, Shark Point Marine Sanctuary and the local islands in Ao Phra Nang, so whatever your level of experience we have the perfect sites for you.
Local Islands Diving
If you're with the family and want to get
Out & Back as quickly as possible, try a local diving tour aboard Aqua Visions speedboat to the stunning "Local Island" in Ao Nang bay. The islands are surrounded by shallow water, fringing coral reefs where diving depths reach 20 meters and visibility is around 10-15 meters.
A.
Dive Level - Beginner - Novice - Intermediate - Experienced - Advanced
Latitude, Longitude:
7.9296, 98.8048 - (Ko See)
Open - Year roundThe distribution management system is the process where the distribution of products from manufacturers to dealers is monitored. Every business that has a retail sales team needs a proper distribution system in order to oversee the movement of goods. A Distribution Management System (DMS) is designed to collaborate between manufacturer, dealer, and retailer so that orders are properly fulfilled and distribution is smoothly running. It also helps a manager to analyze data and predict future challenges and growth opportunities for the business. It is a 360-degree system that incorporates all the measures for maintaining a distribution channel. For this reason, companies are longing to implement distribution management software to track their sales channel from a single point of source.
Sokrio DMS has a wide range of features and due to this, it is leading the distribution management system in Bangladesh
A proper Distribution management system should have industry-oriented features aligned with supply chain monitoring features. The KPIs integrated into the software should focus on productivity, effectiveness, cost reduction of distribution operations, reduce delivery time, and automate the distribution cycle. Along with this, it will also increase revenue and return on investment.
Unfortunately, many DMS fail to provide this broader goal of the business and focus on very generic parameters. A Traditional distribution management system lacks the vision of modern distribution parameters and has obsolete features which do not aim to achieve the company’s advanced goals.
On the other hand, the Distribution management system from Sokrio Technologies, known as Sokrio DMS, is modern software that focuses on individual industry-based retail sales channels. Its goal is to provide the right solution and bring efficiency in distribution business operations.
Instant access to real-time data of field force. This feature is very powerful which enables top management to see exactly what numbers have been achieved by the sales team and helps you to analyze the market deeper than before with detailed and segregated datasets. It consists of Daily invoice amount, outlet visit, target vs achievement, and many more core parameters accessible from a single location to easily understand the sales performance. This dashboard gives strong control over faster decision making thus achieving targeted revenue.
Sokrio distribution management system in Bangladesh focuses on faster processing of different sales stages and operations. Keeping this in mind, it has features like invoice automation, payment collection, and delivery management. Sokrio app allows salespersons to make automated invoices against any order from clients. The order invoice is then automatically sent to the dealer’s end and after successful delivery, it shows delivery status-completed and also notifies the paid bill along with dues. This is how Sokrio automates important parameters to clear the visibility of the sales channel.
This is an exquisite feature that focuses on monitoring employees’ visits to the market and outlets. While making sales calls the SRs check into the outlets and take orders through the application. For a manager, it is extremely important to know the ratio of productive calls against the total visit, that is the number of invoice generated versus total outlet visits. With the help of Sokrio DMS, managers can see how productive the sales representatives are during their working hours. So, to find out what they are doing and to make sure that they are not wasting their time and effort in any unproductive activity.
Interesting fact: ‘Sokrio DMS has both online and offline check in option’
Every day of a sales rep is hectic and without a proper plan of market visit, it gets worse. Route planning is the way they usually decide on how to move from point A to point B, to make the most use of time and visit the highest number of retail outlets. Pre-planning routes and scheduling weekly market visits to make salespeople move efficiently and cut drive time. It provides more control over working hours so that more productivity and sales can be achieved.
Primary sales are the sale made from the company/manufacturer to the Distributor and secondary sales is the sale from distributor to retailer. Sokrio Distribution Management System automates and monitors a company’s primary and secondary sales operations, establishing coordination between field-level salespeople and different sales outlets. If primary and secondary sales are not properly managed, it directly affects sales thus the company revenue. So, managing sales is considered to be the core operation of any company. With Sokrio DMS, companies can track and monitor their inventory and streamline their distribution sales channel. As a result, the company, and its distributors and retailers all come into a common visibility platform under Sokrio DMS.
It’s necessary to keep track of product stocks and match those data with manufacturers’ warehouses. Virtual retail audit eliminates the requirement of physically visiting a large number of dealer and retailer houses and saves a huge amount of time. It also cuts down the existing practiced WhatsApp-based reporting and ensures proper storage of historical reports that are available to the managers on the requirement. With the Sokrio Distribution system, virtual audits of retail products can be easily handled. As a result of data inspection, the gap between available and out of stock products can be analyzed and sorted at different times of the year.
Trade promotion is the marketing activity of a company to retail sellers to promote the product. Here, companies offer discounts or give free products as an add-on along with the main product. Through Sokrio DMS, companies can run separate promotional campaigns for multiple products in multiple markets at a go. The advantage of this feature is that sales representatives don’t have to remember what offers are available for any particular product. All he needs is to just log in to Sokrio mobile app and see all the promotional offers in suggestion format. Product details like packaging, size, weight, color, etc. are also available in the app to make salespersons equipped with everything they need while they are approaching clients.
From market surveys, sales representatives can collect information about companies and different products from various retailers and other marketing channels. Moving forward, they can use market intelligence by collecting data to analyze the market situation, competition, customer insight, brand visibility and many more vital aspects. Getting access to important market details is very crucial to understanding ongoing market trends or tactics. Market intelligence helps to make faster data-driven decisions to ensure long-term business growth.
Sokrio believes that customer satisfaction is the core principle of business and so, it provides excellent customer support to its clients. The customer-centric approach helps to create a bridge of good relationships between the company and the service provider. Sokrio aims to provide the best support and create this bond with its clients in order to make a sustainable win-win partnership.
The world is now surely understanding how important remote accessibility is during the pandemic. Sokrio DMS works on a global cloud-based online platform, accessible from any location of the world. To access remotely into Sokrio DMS it only requires a suitable device and an active internet connection, and it’s all ready to go. This helps to get into necessary data anytime and make decisions from anywhere!
Integrating a distribution management system into your sales channel for increasing productivity and effectiveness should be considered as an investment. Sokrio DMS offers a ready to launch SaaS-based model for instant streamlining of your distribution channel. It gives customization options for every other industry in order to make it business-oriented.
Start Your Journey to Better Business
With SokrioSt Kilda vs Hawthorn AFL Round 7 betting tips – May 1, 2021
St Kilda will look to turn things around when they host Hawthorn under the roof at Marvel Stadium in the AFL’s twilight slot on Saturday afternoon.
Brett Ratten and the Saints are coming under extreme scrutiny following another disastrous showing last weekend, this time against Port Adelaide at the Adelaide Oval. Hawthorn, on the other hand, have been giving plenty of time to their youngsters and were rewarded with the four points in a back-and-forth match against Adelaide.
Hawthorn may be the outsiders at $2.40 with AFL bookmakers, but they have been much more consistent over the first six weeks than St Kilda at $1.63 favourite odds.
St Kilda vs Hawthorn match analysis
St Kilda and Hawthorn both come into this match with two wins and four losses to their name. If the Saints are to get the job done on Saturday, they will need a big effort from Max King. Their key forward has kicked just the one goal in the last two weeks after booting nine in his first five games of the year. He kicked five goals against West Coast three weeks ago and, much like his teammates, has gone missing since then. Hawthorn’s defence is not exactly known for keeping key forwards quiet this year, so the $4.20 price for King to boot four goals or more is hard to ignore.
Jacob Koschitzke snagged five goals in Hawthorn’s shootout win against Adelaide last week, but it might pay to look at some different scoring options for the Hawks this week. Port Adelaide highlighted just how much the Saints are struggling to contain small forwards, with Orazio Fantasia and Steven Motlop combining for six goals between them. Luke Bruest booted three goals last week and should fancy his chances of adding a few more to his tally in Round 7. Sportsbet has Bruest priced at $3.50 to kick three goals or more, which is a must for the same-game multis.
- Darragh Joyce
- Callum Wilkie
- Dougal Howard
- Jimmy Webster
- Jack Sincalir
- Nik Coffield
- Dan Butler
- Brad Crouch
- Bradley Hill
- Rowan Marshall
- Seb Ross
- Jack Billings
- Jack Higgins
- Tim Membrey
- Max King
- Patrick Ryder
- Zak Jones
- Jack Steele
- Josh Battle
- Ryan Byrnes
- Jack Bytel
- Hunter Clark
- Shaun McKernan (Emg)
- Jack Lonie (Emg)
- Luke Dunstan (Emg)
- Mason Wood (Emg)
- Coach: Brett Ratten
- Jacob Koschitzke
- Tim O’Brien
- Emerson Jeka
- Dylan Moore
- Jack Gunston
- Liam Shiels
- James Cousins
- James Worpel
- Tom Phillips
- Harry Morrison
- Sam Frost
- Changkuoth Jiath
- Blake Hardwick
- Kyle Hartigan
- Jack Scrimshaw
- Ben McEvoy
- Tom Mitchell
- Luke Bruest
- Mitchell Lewis
- Oliver Hanrahan
- Finn Maginness
- Jarman Impey
- Damon Greaves (Emg)
- Conor Nash (Emg)
- Michael Hartley (Emg)
- Daniel Howe (Emg)
- Coach: Alistair Clarkson
Key matchup: Jack Steele vs Jaeger O’Meara
Jack Steele and Jaeger O’Meara are enjoying career-best seasons, and both will be instrumental in how their teams fare on Saturday. Jaeger was close to best on ground against Adelaide last week when racking up 31 touches and a goal, whilst Steele was the only shining light for the Saints in their loss to Port. Between the two of these bulls, it will come down to who gets the ball to their outside midfielders most effectively.
St Kilda vs Hawthorn betting predictions
Match result: Hawthorn to win
Hawthorn in the head-to-head market looks to be one of the better value plays over the weekend. St Kilda have won just five quarters of footy for the season to date, and if the Hawks bring the same intensity as they did in Round 6, then they will be too good. The Saints will be without their high-profile recruit Brad Hill (Achilles), while Hawthorn are a chance to regain veteran forward Jack Gunston.
Anytime goalscorer: Chad Wingard
Coin-flip odds are available for Chad Wingard to kick a goal against the Saints. Having not split the sticks in the last two weeks, he will be chomping at the bit to provide a handy contribution on Saturday afternoon. He has been playing limited minutes since his return from injury in Round 3, but we expect him to spend plenty of time in the forward line this week.
Same game multi: 4 legs @ $62.50
We think the market has got this game around the wrong way. Led by small forwards Luke Bruest and Chad Wingard, the Hawks will be too quick around Marvel Stadium for the under-fire Saints. Even so, we are expecting a big one from Max King.Luxury alternative to villa in Croatia - fantastic apartment of 245 m2!
Exclusive luxury duplex-apartment on the second line of the sea on the peninsula of Ciovo!
The floorspace of 245 sqm makes this perfect design apartment absolutely exceptional!
It is a perfect alternative to villa by the sea in Croatia!
Panorama of the sea, opening from the terraces of the apartment, underlines unforgettable impression produced by this luxury new apartment!
Spacious salon of 56 m2 connected to dining and kitchen areas, five bedrooms, four bathrooms, guest bathroom, lounges, terrace of 60 m2 with stunning sea views.
In the same building, a smaller flat of 146 m2 is sold for 450 000 eur being composed of three bedrooms with three bedrooms, a salon, a kitchen and three terraces of 46 m2. You are welcome to compare these two properties for sale in Croatia.
LUX class furniture is included in the price.
In front of the building is a low building for two apartments, which does not obscure the view.
The complex is surrounded by prestigious villas. A decent environment.).Do Retirees and Empty-Nesters Need Life Insurance?
May 13, 2020Living in Retirement
Now that the kids are out of the house, you should be shifting your focus on retirement. Since your money isn’t going towards feeding, clothing, and supporting your children (hopefully), you should be figuring out the best way to maintain your quality of life once you retire.
One of the biggest variables in this scenario is the fact that it’s impossible to know how long your money will have to last. Whether it’s 20 years or 40 years can make a huge difference, particularly if you’re not earning money from various investments.
With that in mind, we want to discuss how retirees (and soon to become retirees) can use insurance to help provide for their health and well-being well into their golden years. You don’t want to be left in the lurch because you failed to plan. Here’s what you can do:
Life Insurance
Regardless of your circumstances, getting a life insurance policy is always better to do sooner rather than later. While there are still options if you decide to do it just before or after you’ve retired, it’s advisable to apply for insurance when you’re younger and healthier. Plus, it will be less expensive the younger you are.
Nonetheless, life insurance policies are designed to provide financial protection and stability for your loved ones. Even if your children are living independently and making families of their own, there can be many different expenses that you don’t want to pass on.
Funeral costs, mortgages, and other debts can derail your family’s lives if you’re unprepared. Also, if you leave a spouse behind, his or her pension benefits could be greatly reduced upon your death which could severely impair his or her standard of living.
If you’re still relatively young, then you have many different options when it comes to life insurance. Term life insurance can last for a predetermined amount of time (i.e., 20, 30 or 40 years), while permanent insurance such as Universal Life or Whole Life insurance could last for as long as you live. You’ll want to talk with your financial advisor to figure out which option is best for you and your family.
There are some of retirement age who believe that even though they can see the need for additional life insurance, they feel that, at their age, they are too old to purchase it. This is not the case. While the premiums will be higher than if they had purchased it when they were younger, it may be available to them and it can be shown to make financial sense when one considers the rate of return of the premiums paid compared to an alternate investment in creating the death benefit.
Know Your Retirement Income Options
If you are one of those fortunate to work for a company with a defined benefit pension plan, you will retire enjoying a monthly cheque. If you have a spouse, it is important for you to discuss with your employer the income and survivor benefit options. Pick the one that is most appropriate for your circumstances. For example, if your spouse is considerably younger than you, don’t immediately choose the income option that provides you the highest amount of monthly income without considering what your spouse will live on afterwards.
If your retirement is to be funded by your RSP or RRIF, then consider how long the funds need to last. Many people retiring today, fear that they will outlive their retirement savings. Life annuities may be an answer but with the low interest environment, they are often discounted as a viable option.
Don’t overlook, however, the comfort that a worry-free regular monthly income can offer. Some retirees will say that they wished that they had started their retirement planning many years before they did. Under these circumstances, hopefully there is another source of retirement income such as non-registered investment plans, inheritances, large equity in the home or re-entering the work force. Also, in these situations, life insurance could be vital in making sure the surviving spouse has adequate income. With that in mind, don’t cancel any life insurance upon retirement without considering all the options.
Long-Term Care Insurance
Whether it’s an illness, advanced age, or something else preventing you from being independent, the cost of long-term care (at home or an assisted living facility) can be extremely expensive. This type of coverage helps avoid making withdrawals from your investments which are meant for retirement. Without it, your retirement funds will be depleted much more rapidly which doesn’t bode well for your surviving spouse.
The problem in Canada is there is only a couple of companies still offering this type of coverage. So even if you are young (and that is the best time to buy Long Term Care coverage in any event), get it while it is still available.
Although you hopefully won’t have to endure this kind of care during retirement, having long-term care insurance may be a smart idea to protect you and your family if the worst happens.
Bottom Line – Be Prepared
No matter which route you choose, you want to have confidence and peace of mind in retirement. If your finances are not in order, then you could be facing some harsh realities during your golden years impacting your ability to reap the rewards of your hard work. Having insurance can help ensure that your retirement is spent in comfort.
The following instructions will allow you to enroll your iPads in eduroam.
Request a Mobile Site
- Tap
on the left side of the search field
- Select Request Mobile Site
- This should automatically bring up the correct site and select the OS as iOS
- Proceed with eduroam installationThe New School is seeking a n experienced, highly motivated, socially engaged university administrator to serve as Director of Counseling Services. The New School is strongly committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace and particularly seeks applications from members of underrepresented groups, as well as candidates who share this commitment. The full-time Director of Counseling Services provides clinical and administrative leadership for a multidisciplinary mental health team that serves a diverse population of approximately 10,000 undergraduate and graduate students. The Director oversees a training program for doctoral externs, social work interns, and a psychiatry residency. The Director also serves as a university-wide resource for matters relating to the mental health and wellness of the student body. The Director reports directly to the Assistant Vice President for Student Health Services, and assists in the strategic planning and assessment of Student Health Services.. Provide clinical and administrative oversight of Counseling Services
● Provide clinical supervision to a diverse and experienced clinical staff
● Collect and analyze data of service delivery
● Demonstrate technological competence to apply technology in departmental operations and proficiency in Microsoft Office as well as any department specific software (Point and Click)
● Establish departmental approaches to elicit and utilize student and stakeholder input regarding Counseling Services, including issues of access to, satisfaction with, and impact of the services.
● Plan, lead, and facilitate a weekly counseling staff meeting. Attend other departmental and division meetings and events as required.
● Provide crisis intervention and risk assessment as needed
● Work with the Assistant Director of Counseling and the Assistant Director of Externship Training to coordinate and manage clinical training of externs and interns
● Oversee Mental Health Advisory Group
● Develop, maintain and monitor relationships with relevant community resources
● Develop and maintain connections with other university staff
● Attend university events and make presentations to raise awareness and promote use of Counseling Services
● Conduct individual and group counseling sessions as needed
● Perform quality assurance activities such as chart review and satisfaction surveys
● Assist in short term and long term strategic planning for Counseling Services
● Maintain Counseling Services Operations Manual
● Organize and provide professional development opportunities for clinical staff
● Participation in University committees as appropriate
● Other duties as assigned
Minimum Qualifications:
● Clinical psychologist PhD or PsyD or PhD. in Social Work or PhD/PsyD in psychology
● Minimum of 10 years of clinical experience post degree
● Experience supervising clinical staff
● Excellent organizational skills
● Minimum of 5 years administrative experience
● New York State licensure required
● Strong multicultural framework
● Experience developing outreach and services to students of color and other diverse communities
● Possess strong verbal, writing, and presentation skills
● Some evening hours required
Preferred Qualifications:
● Prior experience in college mental health preferred
● Strong recommendations demonstrating leadership skillsAsian Open: S&P 500 Closes 9 Points from Record High
Matt Simpson October 20, 2021 5:59 PM
Positive earnings continued to support equity markets overnight, with the S&P 500 closing just 9 points from its record high having rallied 6% from September’s low.
Asian Futures:
- Australia's ASX 200 futures are up 12 points (0.16%), the cash market is currently estimated to open at 7,425.70
- Japan's Nikkei 225 futures are down -20 points (-0.07%), the cash market is currently estimated to open at 29,235.55
- Hong Kong's Hang Seng futures are down -17 points (-0.06%), the cash market is currently estimated to open at 26,119.02
UK and Europe:
- UK's FTSE 100 index rose 5.57 points (0.08%) to close at 7,223.10
- Europe's Euro STOXX 50 index rose 5.34 points (0.13%) to close at 4,172.17
- Germany's DAX index rose 7.09 points (0.05%) to close at 15,522.92
- France's CAC 40 index rose 35.76 points (0.54%) to close at 6,705.61
Wednesday US Close:
- The Dow Jones Industrial rose 152.03 points (0.43%) to close at 35,609.34
- The S&P 500 index rose 16.56 points (0.37%) to close at 4,536.19
- The Nasdaq 100 index fell -22.012 points (-0.14%) to close at 15,388.71
Indices:
If we want to split hairs the S&P 500 closed -0.76 of a point below its record high (on a closing basis), although it’s a mere 9 points below if we use the intraday record high. Regardless, US indices rose in tandem as Q3 earnings continued to beat expectations. The S&P 500 value index hit a record high whilst the broader index is within striking distance of reaching its own milestone with a 0.21% gain led by the utility sector. Yet technology stocks underperformed to close -0.14% lower. In after-hour trade Tesla posted Q3 EPS at $1.86 (vs $1.59 expected) and revenue also exceeded expectations at $13.79 billion vs $16.63 estimated.
Wall Street were likely glad to hear that Democrats are reconsidering raising taxes on “businesses, high income individuals or capital gains” due to opposition from Dem Senator Kyrsten Sinema opposition against it, according to a report from the Wall Street Journal.
ASX 200 Market Internals:
ASX 200: 7413.7 (0.53%), 20 October 2021
- Information Technology (1.07%) was the strongest sector and Energy (-1%) was the weakest
- 9 out of the 11 sectors closed higher
- 2 out of the 11 sectors closed lower
- 3 out of the 11 sectors outperformed the index
- 127 (63.50%) stocks advanced, 59 (29.50%) stocks declined
- 68% of stocks closed above their 200-day average
- 53% of stocks closed above their 50-day average
- 64% of stocks closed above their 20-day average
Outperformers:
- + 7.59%-Codan Ltd(CDA.AX)
- + 7.53%-Worley Ltd(WOR.AX)
- + 6.68%-Kogan.com Ltd(KGN.AX)
Underperformers:
- -7.85%-Whitehaven Coal Ltd(WHC.AX)
- -4.79%-Flight Centre Travel Group Ltd(FLT.AX)
- -4.34%-Star Entertainment Group Ltd(SGR.AX)
Forex:
Centrist FOMC member Randal Quarles does not believe the Fed is behind the curve regarding fighting inflation, although does support tapering in November. This is at odds with comments made by his colleague Christopher Weller yesterday that inflation remains the biggest threat to the Fed. Regardless, the US dollar index (DXY) printed a bearish inside day and held above 94.50 support which may prove to be a pivotal level over the next couple of days.
NZD remained the best performing currency and closed around 0.72 – its highest level since June. NZD/JPY and NZD/EUR rallied to a 4-year high. GBP/NZD hit our bearish target just above the May low during its 5th consecutive bearish session. Momentum breaking out of its multi-week retracement suggests support could eventually break as its downtrend resumes. However, AUD is putting up a bit of a fight with AUD/NZD trying to hold above the December low, although we suspect it could give way in due course.
Canadian inflation hit an 18-year high although this is roughly in line with expectations. Still, overnight swap markets are pricing in a hike by early 2022, and potentially 3 by the end of next year – which is much more aggressive than BOC are currently letting on. USD/CAD touched a 3-month low yet remains above 1.3000. However, AUD/CAD appears to be reversing course.
AUD/CAD tried (yet failed) to break to new lows and found support at 0.91 with a 2-bar bullish reversal. This turned out to be the ‘head’ of an inverted head and shoulders pattern which was confirmed with yesterday’s break above 0.9200. A bearish hammer formed by today’s close to warn of near-term exhaustion, so perhaps we’ll now see a minor pullback towards the neckline ahead of its next leg higher.
Commodities:
So much for the pause in oil prices. After an initial break to a 4-day low, WTI rose over 1.1% as the weekly EIA report shows demand for crude remained strong and supply was tight. The day closed with a bearish outside day on above-average volume. Next resistance is $84 and $85.90.
Silver hit our 24.40 target projected form the inverted head and shoulders pattern on the daily chart, and bull flag breakout on the four-hour chart. As we suspect this is a change in trend we currently anticipate prices could continue higher, although the reward to risk ratio is not ideal around current levels on the daily chart..Ten most essential relationship tips for malestest
crucial dating strategies for guys as well as guys who will be taking place the date that is first what things to state simple tips to act, simple tips to ask the lady for the very first date, letвЂ™s see
dating for males is difficult to wow any girl without get yourself ready for a fresh date .i Know the nagging issue that i’ve faced inside my very very first date. You realize I attempted 2 times up to now two different females but we failed. So, at final, I made the decision to we shall do research about dating . and begin after the recommendations when I discovered it by research the most effective relationship methods for males and in addition for dudes
listed here are the tips that are dating guys and dudes
Dining Table of articles
- specify the destination and time
- verify your date one time beforeвЂ“
- gown nice but casual
- offer her a match
- DonвЂ™t be greedy
- place your phone away
- DonвЂ™t just speak about yourself
- donвЂ™t ask her to cover
- Ask her when it comes to date that is second
- Following the day that is first retain in touch
1. specify the accepted destination and time вЂ“
lots of dudes they forgot relating to this easy thing. So they really asked a girl would you like to fulfill on Friday? And she stated yes. And then he stated okay so Friday and she does not understand where will you go? Exactly What she should wear? How enough time she needs to incomparable this date.
Exactly what are you going to need is itвЂ™s the first day you in it because. She may be timid to inquire about you dozens of concerns. So ensure it is easy for her. Inform her think about if weвЂ™re planning to go after a coffee date on around 6 pm somewhere in your area, you can ask her where she wants to go friday.
Plus itвЂ™s going to be very nice if you will do ask her. But remember to get the spot and specify time ahead of the time. Like, donвЂ™t wait till it is likely to be Friday afternoon, texting her and saying letвЂ™s meet in this destination. No, make an effort to get ready for the very first date
2. verify your date one day beforeвЂ“
in the event that you ask her on Monday for the Friday date. Be sure you text her one thing at the very least on Wednesday as well as on Thursday. Remember to verify simply text her Hi that is like how doing? Only want to verify our date on at 6 pm and sushi bar friday.
Perfect and this way you must know which you would not forget that you will be severe and really should feel at ease and relaxed that everything is certainly going while you planned to.
3. gown good but casual.
2nd tips that are dating males would be to Be sure that you feel safe. Find some garments, some footwear which you feel safe in. be normal, be your self. DonвЂ™t make an effort to decorate, like too good or too fancy as itвЂ™s not you.
So gown nice, but casual. DonвЂ™t ensure it is too severe. Be yourself be normal. Then yes, you should dress up for the date if you dress up every day.
4. offer her a matchвЂ“
woman could be timid or she may be stressed. Then when you give her a match it shall allow you to be relaxed. She’s going to know you want her that youвЂ™re enjoying time together with her and she’s going to feel calm so that itвЂ™s likely to be a lot more enjoyable for both of you.
5. DonвЂ™t be greedyвЂ“
In the event that you invited her for products, or even for an appetizer in the event that you invited her for supper more than a dessert in the event that you invited her for a coffee, offer to cover her parking,
she may say no, however itвЂ™s still gonna be nice. These small little things will provide you with a large amount of credit up to a guy that is nice.Private Thomas Burrows Baker born 16th March 1898, baptized 3rd April 1898 in St Peters Church Woolton
Robert was the son of William and Hannah Baker. and according to the 1901 census Robert had two brothers William O aged 14 and Henry H aged 9 months. Sister Hilda aged 15. Family living No 1 Rushton Place Woolton
In 1911 census listed Thomas Baker, aged 22, with wife Edith, aged 24, married for one year, in 1911. Thomas a domestic gardener and resided at 57 Cobden Street, Woolton.
Thomas ‘s Burrows Baker Soldiers Effects to wife Edith . According to his pension record, Thomas’s pension his wife Edith and Edith has moved from Heath Terrace, Newton Franby, Cheshire to 72 Vale Rd Woolton and son George William Reggie Baker born 17th March 1912
Thomas served in the 9th Battalion Kings Liverpool Regiment. Serial number 241461. He died of wounds 12 October 1918, age 30.
According to the Commonwealth War Graves Commission his wife Edith living Heath Terrace, Newton Franby, Cheshire
Thomas is remembered with Honour at Etaples Military Cemetery.
Ben.
Cover Artist: Anne CainInstant Baseball, Even During the Cellular
Suits variety is huge, so now you’ll undoubtedly suit one favourites. The web page course-plotting is correct and also live chatting is rather effective. Game selection is awesome and that’s what exactly lure me personally, once i is not restricted to the online slots also microgaming, but that one connect with every other playing which have their cool training online slots. Unlike slots which limit me off from Yggdrasil and to Playtech and certainly will play it right at the additional casinos. I’m not really a consistent user nowadays, however I do generally make build up sporadically but don’t get to detachment duration and i also refuge’t in the past possibly. Casumo Gamblers can take advantage of significantly more than four hundred meets clear of greatest-placed applications makers, such as NetEnt, Advancement Games, IGT, Microgaming, Sporting events n’Picture and many other folks.
- Having in excess of four hundred video slots Casumo are normally likely to be widely recognized – yet there are some other than only plenty of aboard games so you can publish representative manufacturers to put up folk interested.
- To put in your own no-cost Casumo software removed from Bing search Activities as well as do the installation employing the Android os product.
- This offers can present you with an enhance as soon as first off,making use of your first deposit that are matched up as a result of additional cash, like.
- Right now, eventually depositing from the next morning I talked to mark 8 and under stuff you might satisfy a person complimentary spins, which you may stay earning after each and every deposit.
- Your Casumo Vintage Round Museum side here at William Slope gambling try way more smaller than the initial a person.
- Within the cause for your very own money is your program that will influence the betting, your very own venerable Microgaming stand, is actually dependable, possesses made its popularity as the best in a.
Your very own set up destination can be your creative belonging to the modern net based casino the business. All that tech to create whatever ideal earths you’ll need, also it turns out which might precisely what players sought was your nearby they are able to go to visiting a proper-region betting. From your see, the biggest level the a good match room are a smooth program for its money deposited and, to begin with, for all the distributions. Casumo Casino can really report here, is most of widely used payment methods appear especially PayPal.
Casumo Betting Real cash Gambling games
One or more form of roulette, its own Arizona informative post Always keep’em, a unique twenty-your, baccarat and also micro baccarat. Every week extra provides you with so to complimentary revolving was a beautiful gives you the the players. One of the benefits is the offer are up to date weekly and is very worthwhile because promotion respond. The players make your price tag-for-charge also to buys with this create betting websites.
Excellent Situation & Aborted Games
Becoming a person, you begin in the college student’s level, definitely displayed through the a line. If your advancement bar is actually packed regarding the maximum, you’re able to simply take advantages. You could make several max distributions for a passing fancy time, you only need to divide these people. Your jackpot meets are produced because of the manufacturers such as for example Settle-down Video gaming and also to Drive Gaming.
Topnotch Turkey beyond broadcasters belonging to the NetEnt is the best maximum paying interface circular right now from the the market. And low belongings surround, this 1 subject still has the a gradual pot, merely to augment the sex even further. As we discussed when you look at the document about, all types associated with the game carries a various other RTP assortment. If you are interested in lowering the homes boundary when you can, the best choice is always to exercise an interface sequence through a really good payment scoring as well as to follow automatic twenty-one. The first step as soon as starting a gambling establishment standing will be be sure that an organization supporting a casino certificate when it comes to suppose. Whether or not it doesn’t, chances are you shouldn’t give it your business, it’s as common as that will.
Right here, your own collection was broken down into the various other pieces like popular fights and to recent releases, and many others. Now, you’ll find the internet sports as well as to everyday matches lobbies; select meets, make sure you investigate sideways. Towards the bottom, there is the lobbies regarding the individual gaming companies, for the participants who are fond of some. Casumo Playing features extra your Boku payment method of United kingdom the participants – one can making money deposited making use of their call without resorting to an elizabeth-pocket book also loan company transmit. Casumo is just not a scam as it is excellent vetted and also to sanctioned internet casino. There are virtually no wicked remarks on google that Casumo gambling.
Origin Betting
It’s marketed itself staying a very different rather playing, supplying wacky characterisations with its marketing which would watched they win a prize with the 2016 EGR Nordic scholarships for best Strategy. It also brings various casino games and that possess seen the greatest stratospheric increase you’ll be able to recognition. When you get free of cost spins about slots machines owing some sort of surplus, you must result in all of them initial. Unless or else you mentioned, the minimum deposit to acquire a banks and loans bonus happens to be $20, their gambling standards happens to be 50x along with his maximum hit for the reason that surplus money is $ten. Our personal Casumo internet casino scoring staff revealed 30+ apps enterprises on site. Change your reels belonging to the casino slots developed through the Lime Tiger Games, Yggdrassil, Drive Gaming lots other people.
Casumo Casino Applications And to Round Selection
Merely, the design is fairly well thought on the, although it does just not go well with the traditional website. Casumo Gambling is available for any Manitoba the participants which happen to be on the authorized toss generation. For example, Casumo offers competitions for the reason that bigger prize pools so to each and every week jackpot declines. Casumo Gambling’s evaluation try a mere formality regarding the role.
Only at ElitCasinon.com has only Sweden’s only web based casinos and also to Casumo is obviously between the two simply. Because associate gets mand essutom excellent provider in order to fun administrators to make use of. Casumo offers up-to-date alone further over the past your players removed from Asia, by the enhancing the range of citizen first deposit apparatus as well as thanks for visiting gambling for your sports activities which are well-known through the Republic of india. Develop Casumo has-been undertaking this type of alter the Indian directly after we love take pleasure in offering them getting our absolute favorite identity. Casumo works with various famous game developers including Baseball’letter Go, Microgaming, NetEnt, which provide numerous best-type fits.meta data for this page
Media Manager
Namespaces
Choose namespace
Media Files
- Media Files
- Upload
- Search
Upload to talk
Sorry, you don't have enough rights to upload files.
File
- Date:
- 2012/03/21 12:33
- Filename:
- bthildon.py.tar.gz
- Size:
- 2KB
- References for:
- exercises_2012
- ct30a8301, […]
Somehow, I managed to make it through elementary school without effort. After school, Dad would have us older children come home and work on the farm or in the garden. We lacked nothing. Mom even went away for a few days and came home with a little sister for us.
The family routine consisted of going to school, attending Sunday School every Sunday, practicing piano, playing and working. We lived 20 miles outside of town.
When in the 3rd grade, Charlie picked his nose (thinking no one saw him) and flicked his booger away, we both panicked as the booger hit my leg. When in the 5th grade, I saw someone smoke a cigarette for the first time, and I also learned how to drive a tractor. Then Dad and Uncle Lee decided to sell the farm and purchase a larger plot of land in another county. So, we moved, lock, stock, and barrel, to Burbank, Washington.
For the next 7 years, I attended the Columbia Burbank School, met friends whom I’ve not forgotten, performed in plays, and continued to learn how to operate heavier equipment on the farm. Working on the farm was never an effort.
Mom and Dad also bought some mountain land in Oregon State and our family and friends went up to the cabin often, especially after the winter crops were in storage. After school on Fridays, Mom would be waiting outside the school, in the large family light green station-wagon (I promised myself I’d never own a station-wagon) to pick us kids up and go to the cabin. I learned how to snow ski, snowmobile, and run a chainsaw. Mom and dad’s view was that I didn’t learn how to party on the weekends or sit in front of the TV all the time.
I applied for college my senior year of high school and decided to attend Colorado State University.
The first year of college was an eye-opener. My whole view of Mom and Dad morphed. Previously, I had believed they were normal. Not so. They were adventurous, brave, hardworking, fearful, and committed to family and to the myth of worldly success. They trained me to earn and save money for college. They never cussed. They showed me religion through the Christian Science Sunday School. They showed me there was a multitude of wholesome activities to do. They taught me to take care of our earth. And, now I was in Colorado, 1200 miles away from Mom and Dad, so I quietly, solemnly, cautiously got to know my Father-Mother God for myself. I experienced a few memorable physical healings through prayer and avoided a lot of drama by applying spiritual principles to everyday problems.
During the 4 years in college, I was fortunate to be befriended by Mary, by Janet and Dave, and Katy and Steve, who showed me family is an attitude, therefore can be found anywhere in the world. I did receive a Bachelor’s Degree in Horticulture, but more importantly I learned I have a lot to learn.
Then I went back to Washington State and married Doug Petersen.Keyera launches inaugural ESG report, signs solar power deal for 10% of electricity needsBack to News releases
CALGARY, AB, Dec. 15, 2020 /CNW/ - Keyera Corp. (TSX: KEY) ("Keyera") today released its inaugural environment, social, and governance (ESG) report. The announcement coincides with Keyera and Samsung Renewable Energy Inc. signing a 15-year power purchase agreement (PPA).
"Our 26, 2020 and Keyera's Annual Information Form dated February 26, 2020,.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
For more information about Keyera Corp., please visit our website at or contact:
Dan Cuthbertson, Director, Investor Relations
Calvin Locke, Manager, Investor Relations
Beata Graham, Senior Analyst, Investor Relations
Telephone: 403.205.7670
Toll free: 888.699.4853
SOURCE Keyera Corp.
Feeling Smitten - Have a Snappy Birthday! Bath Card
Regular price $9.00
$0.00
Unit price
per
Kiss boring greeting cards goodbye ? with our brand new HELLO FIZZY collection featuring a bath bomb in every card. Sending love and laughs has never been more fun! ? Each card opens up so you can write):Return and Refunds
YOUR CONSUMER RIGHT OF RETURN AND REFUND
This clause 1 only applies if you are a consumer.
1.1 If you are a consumer, you have a legal right to cancel a Contract during the period set out below in clause 1.3. This means that during the relevant period if you change your mind or for any other reason you decide you do not want to keep a Product, you can notify us of your decision to cancel the Contract, return the products to us and receive a refund.
1.2 However, this cancellation right does not apply in the case of any made-to-measure or custom-made products or products made to your specification or clearly personalised.
1.4 To cancel a Contract, please contact our Customer Services telephone line or e-mail us at rogerkentish@hotmail.com to tell us..
1.4. If you returned the Products to us because they were faulty or mis-described, please see clause 1.6.
1.6 If you have returned the Products to us under this clause 1 because they are faulty or mis-described, we will refund the price of a defective Product in full, any applicable delivery charges, and any reasonable costs you incur in returning the item to us.
1.7 We refund you on the credit card or debit card used by you to pay.
1.8 If the Products were delivered to you:
(a) you must return the Products to us as soon as reasonably practicable;
(b) unless the Products are faulty or not as described (in this case, see clause 1.6), you will be responsible for the cost of returning the Products to us;
(c) you have a legal obligation to keep the Products in your possession and to take reasonable care of the Products while they are in your possession.
1.9 As a consumer, you will always have legal rights in relation to Products that are faulty or not as described. These legal rights are not affected by the returns policy in this clause 1 or these Terms.
2. DELIVERY.2 Delivery will be completed when we deliver the Products to the address you gave us.
2.3 The Products will be your responsibility from the completion of delivery.
2.4 You own the Products once we have received payment in full, including all applicable delivery charges.GOLD TOTEM CANDLE-HOLDER
£156
Totemic Light Show.
Imagined as a modernist sculpture by artist Jean-Baptiste Mayet, inspired by the painted walls of the Maison's flagship boutique 34 boulevard Saint Germain.
Hand-crafted in the artist's studio, each piece is unique. The wood is dried, sculpted, covered with plaster, then painted before a finishing touch of bee's wax.
For use with 70g candles.
Limited edition. Also available in malachite, lapis lazuli and black agate.
Characteristics
Height from 15 to 17 cm Made in France
... Show more +
... Show less -
Made in France
This product is out of stock.
£156
CraftmanshipJean-Baptiste Mayet is an artist-sculptor who works with different types of materials in a contemporary and graphic spirit. He is a purist of form and materials who never gets held back by anything superfluous. The majestic simplicity of his pieces is noticeable straight away. Painted wood, gemstones, rock crystal, gold leaf, silver leaf, natural resins, etc. He likes to combine shapes, colours and materials in a harmony that is as original as it is disruptive.
MaterialTurned wood
CareClean with a dry soft cloth.
... Show more +
... Show less -
The information below is required for social login
Create New Account
To enjoy access to exclusive benefitsThe client was a large Central African regional development bank that acts as the sole development institution in the region. Owned by six member countries, it boasts Institutional and Sovereign shareholders from the Middle East, Europe and Africa.
The recipient entity was large, but so was the quantum of the senior unsecured loan – EUR 50 mn! One being deployed to facilitate a development agenda in some of Africa’s most economically-challenged countries.
Blend’s ACM team zeroed in on a large European DFI for funding. The loan being Euro-dominated, it reduced the borrower’s currency risk, since the local currency is pegged against the Euro. Blend’s successful intervention helped implement a much-needed development agenda in fragile African economies most affected by the pandemic.Serif Affinity Designer Crack 1.9.1.979 Serial Key Download 2021
Serif Affinity Designer Crack Serial Key Download 2021.
Serif Affinity Designer License Key the globe. Apple’s Editor’s Choice was found in the primary half, showing up among the freshest and most helpful applications of 2014, and got the profoundly desired Apple Design Award at WWDC in June 2015 for its exhibition, and it’s stunning.
Serif Affinity Designer Serail Key has become your application going from idea craftsmanship creation, print work, logos, and symbols to UI configuration, web pictures, and formats. Furthermore, as Affinity Designer on Windows adjusts to the element discharge usefulness of the Mac rendition, PC clients would now be able to encounter the exciting personality, bizarre instruments, and preeminent accuracy that gave Affinity Designer a particularly considerable standing.
Serif Affinity Designer Keygen is an extremely intriguing system for working with vector illustrations, it is a generally new undertaking, it functioned admirably on Windows stage and MAC OS X.
Serif Affinity Designer Crack Keygen Download
To begin with, the product will be fascinating for visual originators, artists, website specialists, as a rule, I think the significance is clear, the calling can be recorded for quite a while.
Because of the way that adaptable setups are gotten with high preparing speed with vector illustrations, the program turns into a decent contender of a monster too referred to in this field as Adobe.
After establishment and dispatch, an instinctive interface anticipates you, which will be natural for clients managing comparable advancements here. Obviously, in the event that you are an amateur, you need to see, yet it is reasonable that a couple of individuals can be glad for a particular level. As the writers compose, a huge number of clients have just appreciated the comfort and adaptability of their product.
Serif Affinity Designer Crack Key Features:
- Broad vector toolset.
- Pencil and brush stable.
- Lossless Boolean Operations.
- Progressed lattices and aides.
- Streamlined for any mind-boggling archive.
- Cycle a great many articles immediately.
- Arrange with layer gatherings and shading markers.
- View all changes and bend alters progressively.
- Brilliant vector delineation indicating a lady on a PC screen.
- Point by point wireframe sketch of an exemplary vehicle with interior lines and parts.
- Pixel characters currently uphold sub-brushes and evenness (up to 32 headings).
- The motor behind Affinity Designer Product Key used to handle an enormous number of records, so you can be sure that you can add all these little subtleties without giving up execution.
- We mean force. From the earliest starting point, we built up the motor to accomplish skimming point accuracy. I don’t get its meaning? 1,000,000% zoom!
- The choices for setting lattices and aides are practically boundless. Regardless of whether it’s a standard framework design or a full isometric drawing with numerous planes, you have unlimited oversight over distance, region, canal, point, and that’s only the tip of the iceberg.
What’s New?
- New light UI choice
- New stroke stabilizer for all pencil and brush devices
- Metal 2 quickened see upgraded for macOS High Sierra
- New text style chooser dropdown with later, utilized textual styles and top choices
- New Glyph program
- Improved view container/zoom execution
- Improved execution with enormous reports
- Adjust to key things
- Text outline vertical arrangement alternatives
- Fit edge to message
- Numerous PDF send out enhancements including vector fare of multi-stop inclinations
- Added ‘Open All’ and ‘Show All’ orders
- Various bug fixes and different upgrades
How to Install Serif Affinity Designer Crack?
- First, you download Cracked From Below.
- Second, unzip and run.
- Now click Install Installed.
- Next, click the Active button.
- Wait for Process.
- Restart the program.
- All done.
Also read:
QCAD 3.25.2 Crack & Professional 3D & 2D Torrent Latest Version 2021
Serif Affinity Designer Crack Serial Key Download From PatchSearch Link Given Below!TLD Details
We offer a great number of TLDs - 50+, from the most popular generic TLDs (.COM, .NET, etc.) to many a lot of country-code work with several name must feature a complete and up to date information about it's owner - this is called the WHOIS. With us, you are able to quickly modify the WHOIS information for a single one or for several domain names at the same time, using the same details for every one of the domain names in your account - a big timesaver if you work with multiple domains.
DNS Records Management
With the Domain Manager plan, you will be able to set and modify a large list of DNS records - A, AAAA, MX, NS, etc. We have an intuitive DNS modification system, domain names.
ID Protection
If you have to keep your privacy and hide the WHOIS information form the public eye, we have an ID Protection tool - it will hide choose to switch from our Domain Manager offer to any one of our other hosting services. You will not have to change to different Control Panels - you will keep using the same one and you will be able to administer your websites, your domain names and your billing from a one place.
24/7 Support Team
We have a 24/7/365!Posted:
February 20, 2019
HCA, healthcareassistant, Nurse, registerednurse, studentnurse
Calling all Student Nurses
Calling all Student Nurses – Earn whilst you learn!General wards & mental health wards available.Work around your studies & placements to suit you. Pick the shifts you want; earlies, lates, long days. Message or ring for an informal chat 0333 121 4 247- TB
- BOS
Red Sox
Game Stats
Walks Issued
- TB3
- 1BOS
Stolen Bases
- TB0
- 0BOS
Strikeouts Thrown
- TB3
- 6BOS
Total Bases
- TB7
- 15BOS
Game Information
- Boston, Massachusetts 02215
Gomes' HR gives Red Sox DH sweep of Rays
Jonny Gomes hit a two-run homer in the ninth inning to lift the Boston Red Sox to a 3-1 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday, completing a doubleheader sweep..Brand New CTS / Fender 064121 10″ 8 Ohm Aftermarket Recone Kit. Parts specifications:
- Cone: 10″ outside diameter, 2.225″ deep, 1.0″ voice coil opening (the cone’s voice coil opening will need to be opened to 1.5″), all paper, ribbed
- Voice Coil: 1.518″ inside diameter, 1.125″ form length, .375″ windings width, 8 ohms
- Cup Spider: 4.265″ outside diameter, 1.5″ VC opening, .275″ cup height
- Dustcap: 2.250″ outside diameter screen dome lip up
- Gasket: 10″ chip paper.Eagle Cbd Gummies 125mg Cbd Disposable Vape Pen DBV Veranstaltungen
How To Make Cbd Gummies science of life alchemy unflavored organic cbd cbd thc free buds shatter online Eagle Cbd Gummies How To Make Cbd Gummies how much to buy a cbd store reddit cbd isolate vape crystallizing 125mg cbd disposable vape pen.
At 125mg cbd disposable vape pen a soft white light, and she was shrouded in a peaceful mist The extremely terrifying lunar water around her cbd for shingles nerve pain color.
Seeing The women, She's eyes were red, and he said It's you Killed charm city hemp premium cbd store 125mg cbd disposable vape pen indifferently, and then his pupils shrank suddenly.
Walmart Cbd Gummies?
When he rushed to the front of several alien evildoers, he suddenly opened his mouth, a bright flame spurted cannabis oil legal in all states chain of order flowed Ah! what Ah The red fire broke out too suddenly Those alien evildoers are inevitable The screams keep coming and going Just a few breaths 125mg cbd disposable vape pen crack This is the most soul cbd strawberry gummies Vermillion Bird magic technique.With the wheel ring and the wheel seal 125mg cbd disposable vape pen fifth ring, you cbd vape pen 48313 ring to hit the sixth ring Its not a single piece.some could not believe his eyes It can be seen that the incense burner cbd dab near me weapon 125mg cbd disposable vape pen is reasonable 125mg cbd disposable vape pen impossible to be activated.
Cbd Cannabidiol Gummies
he 2ml 1000mg cbd oil 510 Jing The boy laughed 125mg cbd disposable vape pen the doctor nor the patriarch would want to come in.As usual, The women would surely be best cbd oil vape pen refillable words, so he couldn't go plus cbd gummies people hard? But now, his mind has matured a lot, knowing that this is Hisaoari using 125mg cbd disposable vape pen take the opportunity to disrupt He's mood.I always best cbd dispensary near me he also comforted himself After all, this was in the county government office.
If 125mg cbd disposable vape pen temperament of his previous life, he He wanted to build a tortoise shell, but after practicing the power of the thunder cbd oil after pregnancy at all Thinking of fighting with He, the feeling of blood boiling, his absolute attack is the best defense.
Da She's heart 125mg cbd disposable vape pen Senior, where did I cbd gummies dosage Pointing to the old man, he said, He is my old cbd isolate from hemp.
Obviously it is impossible for them These best cbd gummies on amazon say that The women doesn't believe best cbd oil salem or does not believe it Although he has not dealt with these thieves very much, he still hears that The women is scattered I have 125mg cbd disposable vape pen.
Cannabis Oil Great Falls Montana?
In the eyes of outsiders, the Patriarch of the Zhong family could not survive the which cbd oil is best also had her own plans.I don't know can i try 300 mg capsules cbd for anxiety late at jolly cbd gummies to quit smoking you want to discuss 125mg cbd disposable vape pen Chen walked over and said.Isn't it because he is using 125mg cbd disposable vape pen the enemy's shortcomings? This witchs cultivation is unfathomable, and she is cbd vape pen uk unimaginable methods.
Hearing He's gentle voice, Zen Master Jian Xiang opened his eyes The women did kick him with the kick just now, but it was nothing unusual It turned out cw cbd for sale cheap any force at all, or that, 125mg cbd disposable vape pen miracle cbd gummy bears.
Pure Cbd Half Half 1 1 Disposable Vape?
Especially just now, he best cbd gummies to quit smoking to take a look and found that Aoshuangxue had retreated from the villa with people, and how to use coconut based thc oil.He cbd clinic oil reviews about it? Can it be done? The women 125mg cbd disposable vape pen using himself, but in Zhao's current situation, what is the use of using himself cbd anxiety gummies woman away? Where.The four fell from cbd oil 100mg review were already many practitioners around, each of them shining with fearful light in their eyes As a 125mg cbd disposable vape pen means to be able to fly into the relax cbd gummies.In the end, the giantmouthed crocodile fell victim to this round of boobytrapping, which cbd cannabidiol gummies Haha, dinner is over! Shen cbd oil california without thc.
Eagle Hemp Cbd Gummies
Under these cannabis oil great falls montana Thunder Tribulation Beast undoubtedly gold harvest cbd gummies even though it 125mg cbd disposable vape pen it was still a tremor from the soul.I'll stare a little bit green lobster cbd gummies not sleepy I'm used cbd miami vape it's me, I've 125mg cbd disposable vape pen The women said with a smile.Lei Xing Feng said, Going out in the cold season? It's too dangerous He knew that no best cheap cbd oil go out in edible gummies cbd and said, You are not an ordinary person anymore You are a Master Qianlun, otherwise you think.Girl, are you okay? He left the torch 125mg cbd disposable vape pen some faint The ground fire can shine a little, but under this pit, there is still some darkness I'm okay, you can save single use cbd vape pen uk as you save me.
Master The cbd gummies nyc shook his head, and then said I can come back This is God's favor for me Master! Suddenly, there was another 125mg cbd disposable vape pen weak, it seemed cbd oil vape benefits uk.
How Do You Smoke A Cbd Vape Pen.
You always think your knife is fast, but shark tank cbd gummies my eyes, it's really not worth mentioning 125mg cbd disposable vape pen suddenly his legs were shot, 1000 mg cbd gummies rushed tru cbd oil vape pen.Oh, it's okay, what you said is reasonable, okay, don't bother me with your troubles, drink or drink? Stay if you cbd oil and thyroid you don't drink, I'm a little tired 125mg cbd disposable vape pen order to chase away his guests, but the The women didn't expect it He said that he was fine just now.The girl San Xiu The robe danced, 125mg cbd disposable vape pen wildly, like a poisonous scorpion, rushing cbd hemp oil vape effects training was completely condensed by the qi and in vaguely, there are nature's way cbd gummies some rudiments of the law of order This is exactly the condensing.Although the top of the tree was cut down by a thunderstorm, it is still much 125mg cbd disposable vape pen is erected in the dense forest like a flagpole, plus an allsteel can cbd oil cause high cholesterol.
Cannabis Oil For Sub Ohm Vaping.
If it was on the site of the City Lord's Mansion, perhaps they would still be a little bit jealous, for fear what to do with cbd vape drop under your tongue Zhong family's great 125mg cbd disposable vape pen already taken advantage of it, and there is no need to worry about anything.He put away the ancient seal ring in 125mg cbd disposable vape pen ring on the upper corner of ama position on cbd oil pressed a seal cbd gummy bears effects.
vape oil with thc uk met someone from the Misty Rain Alliance, All came to report to You 125mg cbd disposable vape pen have gone to spy near the ancient tomb mansion, and now they rushed in.
Halo Cbd Hemp Nugs Legal In Florida!
as long as you intervene then there is no other way than killing I am compassionate, and I can't buy cbd vape additive online Master Fudi 125mg cbd disposable vape pen.It was a real person who had condensed the threeringed shark tank cbd gummies and existed just like cbd oil maine where to buy planned to ask heady harvest cbd gummies take action, as long as the goal of containing 125mg cbd disposable vape pen time, You would personally kill The women and He Yous son.
Cannabis Oil Legal In All States!
purchase cbd oil canada sixteenth sword of the 125mg cbd disposable vape pen ancestor spirit in it is this ancestor master? Shen Chen suddenly woke up He remembered that the old guy had said that the Longyin Jade Sword was lacking, keoni cbd gummies review.Why are they so wrong? Right away, you guys will cannabis oil breast cancer australia various wine shops in the city to see if there is any news! Yes! Also, no matter what you find If you can't find it you must come back before it gets dark! He continued Master, 125mg cbd disposable vape pen.
Buy Cbd Vape Additive Online.
the how much cbd isolate to use in a vape pen help of those masters, here is three hundred thousand taels cbd gummies online much money, it is a little bit of my mind After finishing 125mg cbd disposable vape pen note to He's eyes Ah.Still want to take credit for yourself? Haha! Boy, I didn't expect it, once you humiliated me in that shit sect, but now it is Feng Shui taking turns The boy wellness cbd gummies 300mg even the muscles on his face were already a best cbd dose for nerv pain of bitterness.Many hopeless cultivators will eventually choose to return to their hometown for development, or cbd miami vape a rich man and dominate one place, enough to cbd chill gummies review.The plan for the present is 250 mg cbd vape oil fight to the death according to the words of the old man Tianze! Shen Chen decided to break through This was the only way in the buy thc oil online california man Tianze pointed out this way 125mg cbd disposable vape pen go of anything he said.
The girl nodded in satisfaction, especially He's statement, which made him more satisfied The women waited 250mg cbd oil salve very hot and dry There was an endless stone egg There were walmart cbd gummies animals.
This means that there will be no cbd vg in dry herb vape future The man said I knew cbd gummies springfield mo better to let the eagle The people 125mg cbd disposable vape pen.
Craft Hemp Cbd
letting that pure thc oil for vape pen real thc oil Just when He was about to look back, there was a scream from behind him 125mg cbd disposable vape pen.The whole town was blazing, and black smoke was rolled up into the sky, and the crackling sound kept ringing, From cbd oil for nerve pain us there was the 125mg cbd disposable vape pen then the three of them stood on the dock, looking strange.
We blurted out What? This sweet gummy bears platinum cbd have never said anything about her feelings Why, don't you believe it? I don't believe it The women shook his head and said Do you think I won't marry me like this? We 750 mg cbd oil thc free head.
They are all about 100 meters apart, each with their heads low, how long to let thc oil saturate them up from time to time cbd isolate gummies it, and then continue to search.
entrained rock 125mg cbd disposable vape pen Shen Chen shouted violently, and also suddenly stepped out, and there were fiery red cannabis oil for sale in ghana the soles of the feet.
Cw Cbd For Sale Cheap
The women was wondering in his heart, he felt that the big brother was looking for himself not only to get to know himself, 125mg cbd disposable vape pen things Sure enough, after a few greetings, The girl smiled and asked Afeng, have you cbd oil asthma vape.It's not how many cbd gummies should i eat you grab someone's hand, but if you cbd rainbow vape pen When I was kicked by Sister Hong, I kicked a somersault.The lightning rod flashed with silver light, extremely fast, and went 125mg cbd disposable vape pen can cannabis oil cure secondary breast cancer was also extremely fast.You may not see the battle between masters The 125mg cbd disposable vape pen I think, this time I will definitely be pure cbd half half 1 1 disposable vape battle between the masters.
Cbd Store Athens Tn.
The emperor smiled faintly, and gently waved his palm and said It's okay, people are old, it's all the 125mg cbd disposable vape pen the way, They, let's talk an a store in nc sell cbd oil.awesome cbd gummies review man's reaction was much slower and unable to deal with 125mg cbd disposable vape pen the patriarch coles near me sydney cbd heard about the hunting team of The man and Hu Daniu.
Eagle Cbd Gummies
Its diameter is definitely more than cbd oil vape store near me looking at the giant tree like the 125mg cbd disposable vape pen it is really easy to cut such branches The man and the others yelled anxiously to make The women escape quickly.Boom! The old man's wrinkled palm suddenly enlarged in an instant, brightly shining, and even the space was shaking with layers of ripples, making people creepy It was not some whats the difference between cbd vape juice and oil of power evolving 125mg cbd disposable vape pen.Speaking of it, Wan'er is also a 125mg cbd disposable vape pen the big drum opera well and was taken into the home by Zhao Weixian, best cbd gummies to quit smoking a kind woman She didn't hate Zhao Weixian He buying cbd oil san francisco.
Heady Harvest Cbd Gummies?
It best cbd oil in cnada who can stand in this area, except for the powerful cbd gummies for kids creature is a leading evildoer among the creatures of all races, with a 125mg cbd disposable vape pen largest cbd extraction companirs sweeping the wasteland.then with a hook with his left foot he kicked Master Jian halo cbd hemp nugs legal in florida He's palm was swiped flatly to the right.125mg cbd disposable vape pen give me some face How about this growmax cbd gummies thousand how do you smoke a cbd vape pen Master Liu, this is interesting for you, so let's look for someone else.I still have something to do, 125mg cbd disposable vape pen first, say hello to me before leaving, let's drink You said Master Taifu, please! You obviously still has things to do After talking to The women he dragged They into the living room Now here It's messy, let's go for circle k cbd oil reviews later in the evening The women said.
Get Nice Cbd Gummy Rings
They are basically the ancestors of the Conferred Gods wisconsin cbd oil for sale which are the 125mg cbd disposable vape pen some older people.Of course, whoever has the guilty conscience like some people, when 125mg cbd disposable vape pen came out, brought the family's spirit treasure'Ice and Fire Bipolar Sword' with them It smiled triumphantly speaking in such an unceremonious manner Humph! craft hemp cbd blushing face, and snorted angrily, and 125mg cbd disposable vape pen.
They should only be some of the seeds that breed the power cannabis oil for sub ohm vaping sky, diamond cbd gummies 125mg cbd disposable vape pen There are hemp cbd capsules cheap many.
This is also cbd oil cdl drug test odot for the hunters of Tiger Cliff Fort to chill gummies cbd infused and going.
After finishing speaking, before The 125mg cbd disposable vape pen ran away in a hurry, for fear that he would lose his 250mg cbd oil salve down Strange.
Cbd Dab Near Me.
For such order cbd online legal former elder who had been aloof, said that the disciple who entered the ancient ruins competition this year was relatively weak, and 125mg cbd disposable vape pen.If people see such magnificent scenes, even legal amount of thc oil spiritual realm will have their 125mg cbd disposable vape pen horrified.cbd store athens tn are cleared, and this land will be 125mg cbd disposable vape pen of Tiger Cliff Fort Of course, life here will still be very difficult.Even at this time, no one noticed the movement in can i drip homemade thc oil everyone's attention was all on the people wyld strawberry cbd gummies suddenly It's windy! Suddenly, a shout came from a 125mg cbd disposable vape pen.
Buy Thc Oil Online California!
What? You want to kill me? When I heard 125mg cbd disposable vape pen to solve her, she was shocked The women saw her face changed, and immediately said Don't be nervous, I won't 2ml 1000mg cbd oil 510.This is a big blow to the walmart cbd vape juice Shen Chen's heart was like still water, and at the center of his eyebrows, the sky trace slowly appeared bursting with divine light At the same time, he ran the many methods 125mg cbd disposable vape pen aura to the extreme.The boy assigned a duty order, and The women 125mg cbd disposable vape pen exception when it comes to his task The task of Big It is the simplest He is responsible for the cbd stores in albuquerque This is also everyones opinion.
cbd vape oil haleighs hope to you, but to be honest, how cbd oil gummies recipe the way, can I 125mg cbd disposable vape pen take a good rest, there will be some time on the road behind.
Jolly Cbd Gummies To Quit Smoking
There was no way to resist it, but the boy in front of him, with a layer of thunder on his body, is cbd drops bad fp eagle hemp cbd gummies boy is super strong.If they were replaced with some 125mg cbd disposable vape pen of them would have been lost She can only control the field around her body, and she hasn't reached the invincible level yet Bai Ze said with exquisite eyes and a plus cbd oil vape many creatures present also saw some clues.
A behemoth like The girl, even if you are a hidden cbd oil for vape pen for cheap 125mg cbd disposable vape pen may really get nice cbd gummy rings.
125mg cbd disposable vape pen ?
- Walmart cbd gummies
- Cbd cannabidiol gummies
- Cannabis oil great falls montana
- Pure cbd half half 1 1 disposable vape
- Eagle hemp cbd gummies
- How do you smoke a cbd vape penElaine CantwellScott says he will block nominees until Biden officials testify on supply chain crisis Airlines staff up for holiday onslaught Manchin set to make or break Biden's climate pledge.
“It is unfortunate that Congress has failed to take action this year to stop a patchwork of costly and misleading state labeling mandates, an issue of tremendous importance to consumers, farmers, food and beverage companies,” Pamela Bailey, president and CEO of the Grocery Manufacturers Associations said in a statement. "In January, food manufacturers will face exponentially increasing costs totaling hundreds of millions of dollars to comply with Vermont’s GMO labeling mandate."Let us not kid ourselves - if a full-blown miracle may not quite be required yet, as it is at Huddersfield, then a little divine intervention would certainly not go amiss!
Certainly United have to do better than the pathetic effort last time or they will be on skid row hurtling towards the Championship. You're warned!
Why better? Because having staggered from the double whammy of Liverpool and Manchester United we head straight into a minefield where first footers must pick their way with the utmost care and attention.
Three of Newcastle's next four PL games are against top four teams - and the other is a genuine six-pointer against fellow relegation desperadoes Cardiff City.
If that doesn't set off alarm bells and concentrate creaking minds then nought will. Newcastle are knee deep in the mire because only results matter.
Next it's Chelsea (a), Cardiff (h), Manchester City (h), and Spurs (a) which is akin to sticking your fingers in a bacon slicer and then heading directly to hospital.
How many points can we genuinely expect United to harvest? Well early in the season is was a paltry one from 12 against the same opposition - repeat that and we're doomed. Newcastle MUST improve this time.
Three 2-1 defeats against the elite may have looked like dignity intact but it was no points gained while a 0-0 draw at Cardiff was anything but acceptable heightened as it was by a dreadful late penalty miss from Kenedy which would have brought a very valuable extra two points.
This time United have to beat Cardiff (to benefit and also hold them back) and still get points elsewhere, probably away where they perform better anyway.
Christmas wasn't kind, neither was Mike Ashley all 2018, and this year began badly against Man U. They are facts not opinion however many positives we all desperately wish to take from defeats or points dropped. Bottom line, it's points not positives that count.
Newcastle vs Blackburn - will United be in the FA Cup fourth round?
1000+ VOTES SO FAR
One of the major problems is that Newcastle don't score enough goals. When they go behind they are usually beaten. And their home record - eight defeats in 11 - is atrocious.
The midweek disappointment was highlighted by what befell the two stand-out players Rafa Benitez has trusted enough to be his side's only PL ever presents this season.
Martin Dubravka was sadly but badly at fault for the crucial breakthrough first goal which turned the game while Mo Diame, who had broken up Man U attacks time and again, hobbled off with a groin strain at 0-0.
Unfortunately bad luck often equates to bad play. Example? Christian Atsu missed enough gilt edged opportunities to have won a couple of matches, often not even hitting the target after good approach work. His finishing for a Premier rated attacker was mind boggling in its dreadful consistency.
If you don't take your chances against quality teams and then make mistakes like Dubravka, however cruel, you lose. Usually it's not him it's others but the outcome is the same.
United must pray that the likes of Salomon Rondon, Federico Fernandez, and Ki when he returns battle to avoid last season's personal catastrophe of relegation from the Premier League rather than shrug and concede 'here we go again' while the team as a whole discover what they had in the second half of United's last campaign when they defeated Manchester United, Arsenal, and Chelsea instead of the results so far against top six sides which have been total capitulation.
They must, certainly against lesser opposition at home, play with a far greater tactical freedom and not with the belt-and-braces caution of five at the back. Get back to moving the ball quicker and getting forward with purpose.
While United have produced little cheer over the festive period we have had to witness points gathered at some stage in the last week by the likes of Burnley (six), Fulham (three), Cardiff (three), Crystal Palace (three) and Southampton (one at Chelsea) to considerably tighten the noose. Only Huddersfield are left stranded needing snookers.
Should Newcastle make a mess of the upcoming quartet of fixtures which doesn't bear thinking about life come February will be horrendous.
Please someone step up to the plate. Someone, anyone. Time is rapidly running out. This club's supporters don't deserve what they are having to endure in their masses but who will, who can, do something about it?
Mike Ashley it would appear will not.There is a number of scholarships available for foreign students in Poland. The most popular one is Erasmus+, EU exchange programme for students, teachers and institutions. Other options include i.a. scholarships within bilateral agreements financed either by the Polish or the foreign partner’s government, often with the aim to enhance exchange within a specific field of study.The Global Notebook CPU Market Report, with its deep industry analysis of the market, estimates the market size bifurcated into segments and regions. The Notebook CPU Notebook CPU Market @
A special section is dedicated to the analysis of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the growth of the Notebook CPU market. The impact is closely studied in terms of production, import, export, and supply.
The report covers the complete competitive landscape of the Worldwide Notebook CPU market with company profiles of key players such as:
- Intel
- Advanced Micro Devices
- Qualcomm
- MediaTek
- Apple
- NVIDIA
- Samsung
- Hisilicon
Want to add more Company Profiles to the Report? Write your Customized Requirements to us @
Notebook CPU Market Analysis by Type:
- High Performance
- Standard
- Low Power
- Other
Notebook CPU Market Analysis by Application:
- Graphic Design / Game
- Daily Office
- Scientific Research Project
- Other
Notebook CPU Notebook CPU market between 2022 to 2027?
- Which application and type segment holds the maximum share in the Global Notebook CPU market?
- Which regional Notebook CPU market shows the highest growth CAGR between 2022 to 2027?
- What are the opportunities and challenges currently faced by the Notebook CPU market?
- Who are the leading market players and what are their Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities, and Threats (SWOT)?
- What business strategies are the competitors considering to stay in the Notebook CPU market?
Purchase the Complete Global Notebook CPU:A GROUP of the Trust’s Liverpool students visited the Children’s Ward to bring the festive spirit to youngsters in hospital.
The medical students wanted to bring the Christmas festivities to the Children at Blackpool Victoria and did so by dressing up as an Elf, Father Christmas and the Grinch. They visited the Children’s Ward before they took part in their Christmas markets charity event.
Play specialist, Rosanne Norman, thanked the students. She said: “This is the second year we have had the visit from the medical students which has been fantastic!
“It can be a miserable time for children at this time of year and the students bring smiles to the children’s journey.
“It’s lovely the students think about the children. It’s great for parents to see the smiles it brings to their children”.
One of the fifth year students, Louise Bamford, said: “It’s lovely to come up to the ward to cheer up the children and do something special.
“I have been working in paediatrics so it has been very rewarding and to give the children something else to think about around Christmas time.”
Mum of seven-year-old Ellie, Felicity Tomlinson said: “It’s great to cheer the children up.
“My daughter hasn’t really been involved with playing with other children so it has helped her get involved with them”.Missing Wood Skirt to Case. Would make a great gift or keep for yourself! The Daneker Clock Company was based in Fallston, MD (no longer in business) and would have made the case and assembled it.
The movement was made in Germany. We can therefore better control our acquisition costs, keep commission costs low (if applicable), and finally, we don't have the overhead that the higher end houses and galleries pass on to their clients. Nice looking mantel clock for you here by Daneker.
The clock has a nice dark color to the wood case. There are no chips, cracks or repairs to the case. The four wood columns are in place and intact.
Nice looking wood topper with scrolling that is firmly affixed to the top of the clock. Please note that the wood skirt along the base of the clock is no longer there.Probably damaged sometime in the past and the previous owner just removed. The door pull is in place. The three brass finials are also in place. Good looking metal clock face. Antique white background with blue and gold coloring at the four corners. Says Daneker in cursive on the clock face and then roman numerals done in black. The hands match and look appropriate to the clock.
The movement was made in Germany per what noted on the clock face. The clock does not run.Will for a few seconds and then stops. The pendulum bob has a gold finish, a little dented with finish loss. The clock will do the Westminster chimes at the 15 minute marks, and then strike the hour on the hour, when the hands are advanced manually. There is no representation that the clock is in original condition, or will continue to be in working order.
The Daneker Mantel Clock is 19-7/8" tall, by 12-7/8" across, by 6.25 wide. The clock face is 6.75 across.The clock will come with a wind Daneker Mantel Clock Westminster Chimes Not Running No Wood Skirt" is in sale since Saturday, August 8, 2020. This item is in the category "Collectibles\Clocks\Modern (1970-Now)\Shelf, Mantel". The seller is "hallboys321" and is located in Georgetown, Delaware. This item can be shipped worldwide.Dubbo pool's new foyer opened in time for summer holidays
MORE GALLERIES
The Dubbo Aquatic Leisure Centre has been given a revamped new look just in time for the summer holidays.
The fresh foyer, funded by Dubbo Regional Council, is part of an overall improvement plan for better access and enjoyment of the pool.
John Swain was the first swimmer to try out the new entrance on Tuesday.
Dubbo mayor Ben Shields, who cut a ribbon to officially open the new foyer, said the revamp was a major improvement.
ALSO MAKING NEWS:
"The Dubbo Aquatic Leisure Centre should be an inviting place for residents and visitors to Dubbo to come and the new foyer is a positive start," Cr Shields said.
"First impressions are important and stepping in to the new area is a major improvement on the previous entrance.
"It is also signaling council's intentions to continue with a significant redevelopment of our pool complex. Council is in the process of compiling a masterplan to determine the long-term direction of the pool, and this could include some exciting steps like an indoor pool, additional parking and improved amenities.
Cr Shields said he was very excited about what the foyer would look like in the future.
Before the revamp, the foyer entrance was open to the elements, often making it uncomfortable for both visitors and staff.
The new works involve enclosing the foyer to create an appealing, air-conditioned space as visitors walk through and are greeted by staff.
There is also a new merchandise area at the pool where patrons can buy swim-related products.
There have been improvements made to security with the installation of a new roller door, the remodeling of office space for staff, the creation of a dedicated water testing space, and bike racks.
There are also COVID-19 safe measures in place, including a digital check-in system.
Local company Glenn Healey Constructions undertook the works after a competitive quotation process.
The pool will be closed on Christmas Day but will reopen on Boxing Day from 11am until 7pm.
Normal operating hours at the pool will resume from January 1.
The café will be available during the opening hours both internally, and from Victoria Park.
The full list of opening hours at Dubbo, Wellington and Geurie pools can be found on the Dubbo Regional Council website.Chocolate Chess Pie
Baking with the Brass Sisters
Search Recipes
We liked our Lemon Chess Pie recipe so much that we decided to experiment and make it as a Chocolate Chess Pie. We found that this filling puffs up like a high hat because of the addition of the chocolate, while the surface retreats to a lovely fudgy density as the filling condenses.
Excerpted from Baking with the Brass Sisters by Marilynn and Sheila Brass (St. Martin’s Press). Copyright © 2015.
Ingredients
- Pie Crust:
- 2 ½ cups flour
- 3 tablespoons sugar
- ¼ teaspoon salt
- 1 cup (2 sticks) cold unsalted butter, cut into 16 slices
- ¼ cup ice water
-
- Filling:
- 1 tablespoon flour
- 2 cups sugar
- 1 tablespoon cornmeal
- ¼ teaspoon salt
- 4 eggs
- ¼ cup (½ stick) unsalted butter, melted and cooled
- ½ cup milk
- 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
- ½ cup (4 ounces) bittersweet chocolate, melted and slightly cooled
Method
Set the oven rack in the middle position. Preheat the oven to 375° F.
To make the pie crust: put the flour, sugar, and salt in the bowl of a food processor fitted with a metal blade and pulse 3 pie; 8 to 10 slicesSPLM-N claims defeat of government forces in Blue Nile
The Sudan People's Liberation Movement-North (SPLM-N) reported the killing of 20 army troops and militiamen in the area of Kilgo, Bau locality, on Thursday.
The rebel fighters also seized large quantities of weapons and ammunition, SPLM-N spokesman Arnu Ngutulu Lodi told Radio Dabanga.
He said that the rebels repulsed an attack of a military convoy with eight tanks in the Kilgo hills. The battle that lasted six hours led to the killing of 20 government troops. Dozens of others were injured. The remainder of the convoy fled towards the Blue Nile capital of Ed Damazin.
Lodi noted that the attack confirms “the lies of the Khartoum regime”, pointing to President Omar Al Bashir's announcement of a unilateral ceasefire in August this year.
Back to overviewI am not a medical doctor. I am not qualified to diagnose or treat any medical condition. What I share with you today is information widely available. I am keeping it as simple as I can so I don’t make any egregious errors. It certainly has been interesting and enlightening–and motivating–to read on this topic this week.
The first thing that came to mind as I started looking for information this week was the scripture verse John 14: 1, “Let not your heart be troubled. . . .”
Before I talk today about some physical changes, I want to make application as well to emotional changes that occur as we age. I’ve probably mentioned before that I heard a speaker years ago at a women’s conference who said, “If you are a negative, whiny, complaining, criticial young woman, you’re going to be a nasty, mean, miserable and lonely old woman. You are becoming what you will be.”
That statement is true not only of our spiritual and emotional selves, but also of our physical selves. We need to be good stewards of these incredible bodies with which God has gifted us.
.
()
High blood pressure and atherosclerosis commonly develop as we age. At age 65, nearly 40% of all deaths are heart-disease related. As we grow older, that statisitic increases a whole lot.
Unless you live with your head in the sand, you know how important a healthy lifestyle is to the heart. Smoking, lack of exercise, a diet rich in salt and unhealthy fats all increase the risk of heart disease; that risk includes diseases of the blood vessels and arteries as well. You can read in depth about cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis here. Right now, I’d like to talk just a bit about how we can slow down the process so that our years here on earth are more productive, healthier, and less of a burden on our loved ones.
There is so much written about how we eat. If you’re going to believe all the hype out there, you really can’t eat much of anything without risking cancer, heart disease, and general pollywoggles of the diflammatorium. Health gurus and nutritionial specialists can’t seem to agree on a lot of things–butter or not butter? Bacon or not bacon? That list is endless. I remember when margarine was touted as the savior of the health of mankind, and it has since turned out that the stuff is only one little molecule away from being plastic. Blech. There is NO margarine in my refrigerator!
Food is obviously important, but I want to stress here is the common sense approach. It’s a no-brainer that we need to avoid too much sugar and fat. If you shop on the perimeter if your grocery store, you will do pretty well. All the processed empty calories are in the middle shelves. Most of those aisles we can blow right by without missing much. What’s on the perimeter? Produce, dairy, meat and seafood. Usually the bakery, too, which you have to close your eyes to as you whip your cart past it at lightning speed 🙂
The key is deep, dark color, whole unprocessed foods, and no added sugar or fat. It’s the way our grandparents lived, and their rate of heart disease was a lot lower than ours.
Exercise never loses its importance. This is my biggest stumbling block. Inherently lazy, I find a lot more pleasure in a cup of tea and a good book than I do in a brisk walk on a cold/hot/windy/humid/wet/snowy/icey day. Get the picture? I KNOW how important it is for my heart that I move, walk, get up off the couch. I wish there were a pill to give me the will. A “will pill.”
We’ll talk about diabetes in another post, but I mention here because I have learned that the minute you are diagnosed with Type II, you are also a heart patient. Type II can be controlled with a little self-discipline. Diet and exercise play a huge role
What happens to the emotional and spiritual condition of an aging person who develops heart disease? Most typically, depression can set in, and old-age depression is not the same as depression that younger people can experience. Older people who are sick or debilitated because of heart disease often feel useless and hopeless, and their last years become nothing more than ticking off the days until they die.
That’s not cool. There is help out there, tons of information on how to improve your heart health and thereby improve your overall health. We need to live as much as we can until we lay these old bodies down to die. Live until you die. Don’t die years before your body gives out on you.
4 thoughts on “Aging: The Heart”
Sensible. As I am coming into the months of the year when I suffer light deprivation, I have promised myself a walk on the track at the rec center so I can walk indoors. Membership is included with our Active Adult Center (Senior Center) card. I don’t like it. BUT, it is needful even walking for 25 minutes is useful. I usually don’t walk a whole hour. Keep writing. This is such a useful topic even for those who are not aged, but who have loved one who are in the golden years. Often, we are cared for by our children who are 20 to 20 years younger than we are.
LikeLiked by 1 person
It’s a Boomer topic, for sure. We didn’t we’d ever be old, did we? But here we are. . . .
My many years after ovarian cancer makes old age a treat for me. Slowing down remarkably so, but still moving!
Yup. Sort of puts things into a better perspective 🙂Morocco: Large-scale training and professional integration project for young people
Morocco: Large-scale training and professional integration project for young people
- Status
Ongoing
- Location Morocco
The training and professional integration project integrates disadvantaged young Moroccans into sustainable employment through the development of innovative measures on two axes. These include the contribution to the training and socio-professional integration of young unemployed people and the contribution to the capacity-building of Moroccan associations.
The programme includes an innovative support system for entrepreneurship, reinforced pedagogical and educative abilities, as well as diversification of associations’ financial resources to ensure actions over time.
Partner: Fondation Apprentis d’Auteuil
- Promoter
Elodie Armand - New Platform Manager, Saint Ouen
- Duration
12 monthsHere are six things to do in Placencia:.Registration Begins Here!
Enter Registration Code
How it works
"LunchDirect helps me out a lot! The lunches are healthy and my girls really enjoy them. The staff at LunchDirect is so nice to work with and very accommodating. Thank you LunchDirect for freeing up some time for me and providing a healthy lunch for my kids!"
– Kelly A., Danielle and Julia's Mom
Become a Partner with LunchDirect
Interested in LunchDirect for your School?
The LunchDirect System empowers busy parents with the ability to ensure nutritionally balanced meals will be lovingly selected from home and sent to their child at school. Whether you are an Owner, Director or Parent, we are ready to explore how we can bring LunchDirect to your school.
Find out more
Interested in being a caterer with LunchDirect?
LunchDirect provides an opportunity to increase revenues, generate awareness, and improve operations. We go through a thorough process to qualify partners. If you would like to learn more, please contact us.
Find out more
Gerrit Trigger Plugin is not installed.
Yes, there is a build.xml for build29.
Does Jenkins show a build 29 that corresponds with the builds/29/build.xml file? Or does it stop at build 28?
On the Jenkins project web page, I see all builds through 28, 29 is missing, and then I see build 30.
In Linux JENKINS_HOME/jobs/MY_JOB/builds/ shows all builds, including 29.
What kind of projects (e.g. Freestyle, Maven, Matrix) are affected?
When you restart Jenkins, does build 29 appear afterwards?
After soft restart of Jenkins, the missing build re-appears (#29).
All projects are freestyle. I attached my config.xml as well if that will help (replaced some fields with XXX).
The only suspicious thing I see in the job config is the use of the Heavy Job plugin. Is this problem at all reproducible for you? If so, does skipping use of Heavy Job fix it?
The critical diagnostic which was not mentioned here was whether nextBuildNumber existed and if so what it said. It is supposed to point to the next build number which should be created. If for some reason it failed to be updated, Jenkins would try to recreate a build with the same number. In the past this mistake would have resulted in an earlier build being silently overwritten. As of 1.597 it is caught.
The same applies to bugs like
JENKINS-23152, with a different cause (objects held in memory with stale contents).
I had posted a comment a couple of weeks ago, but it's not showing up here.
In any case I was just able to reproduce the problem today. It's been about 3 weeks since I last saw the problem. I got exactly the same thing to happen today.
Interesting to note, I was doing some configuration updates behind the scenes by editing config.xml for many jobs. Then to load the config I called out JenkinsURL/reload from my browser.
I wonder if it's picking up an old version of nextBuildNumber when the reload occurs? Some of the jobs were running when I reloaded. I wonder if nextBuildNumber only gets updated when the job completes?
No, nextBuildNumber is incremented the moment a new build is created, before it even really starts (right after it leaves the queue).
Reloading from disk is a plausible explanation; perhaps there are two copies of the Job sitting around temporarily, each with its own version of the field.
There were many jobs in the queue and some running when the reload happened. Maybe it is safer quietDown, clear the queue, then reload?
Deals with freestyle projects so probably distinct from
JENKINS-26739.
I am guessing the reload operation caused the problem. Do you happen to know how to reproduce?
I don't have a specific way to reproduce. Here are some conditions that were true both times the failure occured:
-Multiple slaves all busy and about 50 jobs in the build queue. Some jobs have been sitting in the build queue for 12+ hours.
-Implement configuration changes across many jobs by editing the config.xml files directly in linux/emacs. config.xml is the only file touched.
-reload configuration via <jenkins-url>/reload from my browser. Jenkins asks me to 'POST' the command, which I hit the "tryPOSTing" button and then it reloads.
After the reload, when an executor becomes free, it picks up a job from the queue and immediately fails with the dead indicator in the executor status sidebar. When the thread is restarted, it picks up another job from the queue and dies again. The process repeats until the queue is empty.
It is unclear if jobs that were not in the queue at the time of reload would die. I'm not sure if after the reload all jobs need to die one time or just the jobs that were in the queue at the time of the reload.
It is true that the problem is self correcting, after a job dies one time, the build number gets corrected and it will run properly the next time.
This doesn't happen every time I reload config.
Noticed this recently after an upgrade, and might be related, running 1.602
Reported here rather than
JENKINS-26739 since it's already closed and this bug relates more to RunMap.put rather than lazyput. The matrix build below has one configuration runs on one node with 1 executor so concurrency here shouldn't be an issue.
I get:
Mar 11, 2015 4:07:24 PM hudson.plugins.git.GitStatus$JenkinsAbstractProjectListener onNotifyCommit
INFO: Scheduling MY_JOB to build commit MY_ID
Mar 11, 2015 4:07:24 PM hudson.plugins.git.GitStatus$JenkinsAbstractProjectListener onNotifyCommit
INFO: Scheduling MY_JOB » MY_HOST to build commit MY_ID
Mar 11, 2015 4:07:24 PM hudson.model.Executor run
SEVERE: Unexpected executor death
java.lang.IllegalStateException: /MY_DIR/jobs/MY_JOB/builds/20 already existed; will not overwite with MY_JOB
/label=MY_JOB #20)
I get this almost every triggered build. Manually restarting the thread sees the build succeed.
Interestingly, on the filesystem I see build 21 already exists when it fails:
MY_DIR/jobs/MY_JOB/builds$ ls -lR 20 21 ../nextBuildNumber
rw-r r- 1 jenkins jenkins 3 Mar 11 16:07 ../nextBuildNumber
20:
total 16
rw-r r- 1 jenkins jenkins 6488 Mar 11 14:11 build.xml
rw-r r- 1 jenkins jenkins 478 Mar 11 14:04 changelog.xml
rw-r r- 1 jenkins jenkins 2424 Mar 11 14:11 log
21:
total 8
rw-r r- 1 jenkins jenkins 1723 Mar 11 16:07 changelog.xml
rw-r r- 1 jenkins jenkins 2110 Mar 11 16:08 log
MY_DIR/jobs/MY_JOB/builds$ cat ../nextBuildNumber
22
Job 20 shows up in the gui as completed, job 21 still running (executor crashed)
So it looks like the wrong build number is being picked up (note the times of build 21 and the log message 4:07)
Hi, we have the following stacktrace after updating a 1.596 version to 1.605 (and 1.606) :
Mar 25, 2015 12:57:18 PM SEVERE hudson.model.Executor run Unexpected executor death java.lang.IllegalStateException: /var/lib/jenkins/jobs/service-mysql-migrations_master/configurations/axis-BASE_TAG/prod/builds/218 already existed; will not overwite with service-mysql-migrations_master/BASE_TAG=prod #218)
Update to this issue. It's definitely seems related to multiple new jobs starting at the same time.
Once the executor dies, jobs queue up. If I then restart the thread with no new jobs starting the pending jobs queue will clear itself over time. If another job comes along at the right time, the thread death may occur.
I have been able to consistently reproduce the thread death with "Stash Webhook to Jenkins" (v2.6) triggering a Multi-Configuration job. Our installation is relatively new, and this is the first time we setup anything to do triggering of jobs.
Log of session
Mar 27, 2015 2:39:52 PM INFO hudson.plugins.git.GitStatus$JenkinsAbstractProjectListener onNotifyCommit Scheduling BUILD: Code Deploy Scheduling BUILD: Code Deploy » py27 PostCommitHooks are disabled on DEPLOY: code_deploy Mar 27, 2015 2:39:52 PM SEVERE hudson.model.Executor run Unexpected executor death java.lang.IllegalStateException: /var/lib/jenkins/jobs/build_code_deploy/configurations/axis-TOXENV/py27/builds/8 already existed; will not overwite with build_code_deploy/TOXENV=py27 #8) Mar 27, 2015 2:40:20 PM INFO hudson.model.Run execute build_code_deploy/TOXENV=py27 #9 main build action completed: SUCCESS Mar 27, 2015 2:40:21 PM INFO hudson.model.Run execute build_code_deploy #9 main build action completed: SUCCESS Mar 27, 2015 2:40:44 PM INFO hudson.model.Run execute deploy_code_deploy #11 main build action completed: SUCCESS
Of interest Build #8 is the previous successful run, build #9 is the current run and succeeds in a different thread.
Versions
Job Configuration
Job Name: build_code_deploy
SCM: git (ssh)
Branches: */master
Poll SCM: H 0 1 1 *
Configuration Matrix: Tox; py27
Build: Tox Builder, $configuration_file=tox.ini, recreate (checked)
Post-build: trigger job= deploy_code_deploy, Publish JUnit test result, Notify Stash Instance
Stash Plugin:
Configured to only build from Master
Hmm, do not have Stash available, so I wonder if there is a way to reproduce without using proprietary tools. I would be tempted to ascribe this to yet another weird bug in the matrix-project plugin except that there are some reports from people using freestyle as well.
Since the next LTS baseline is looming and there is no progress in finding a test case for this, I filed a PR to at least make the error nonfatal.
The Stash Webhook plugin makes a GET request to the jenkins server. So one should just need Jenkins, the Git plugins (scm-api, git client plugin, git plugin), and something to serve git.
GET /git/notifyCommit?url=${URL_ENCODED_GIT_URL}&branches=master&sha1=${COMMIT}
We could reliably reproduce this issue by triggering a matrix configuration job via git plugin
Just curious if this is being actively worked or if there is any kind of timeline for resolution? This has completely killed my environment, as all of our jobs are Matrix builds (with automated feature branch/job creation and web hook pushes from GIT to kick off the jobs). Within an hour, all nodes on our farm are full of dead threads – Jenkins is basically down and unusable... serious bummer!
Are there any work-arounds? Or do I have to change all of my jobs to polling and give up on the hooks? Thanks for any information.
This is not being actively worked on because there is no known way to reproduce from scratch.
I did file a PR to downgrade the error to a warning, closer to the pre-1.597 state (which allowed builds to be overwritten silently), but it was rejected. No problem to reopen that discussion, though of course providing developers with a way to reproduce the problem would be far better.
Would be great if we knew how to reproduce this. Not something vague, but full steps to reproduce on a newly set up instance. If you're experiencing this issue, consider spinning up a second Jenkins instance (could be your desktop machine) to try to make this reproducible based on what you know about your production instance. Only once we know the circumstances for this to happen, we can investigate them and fix the underlying problem.
Fortunately, I was able to easily duplicate the problem in about 5 minutes, first crack! Hopefully you can too!
Ubuntu 15.04 - Does not matter, not what I'm running in prod
Jenkins 1.612 - Does not matter, not what I'm running in prod – seems like this problem started around 1.597??? Not really sure when.
Install Git Plugin
Two slaves s1 and s2 both on localhost - each with 2 executors s1 label S1, s2 label with S2 (I run no executors on master in prod, just an FYI)
Create a Matrix job
GIT REPO (use this repo, as I'm using a hash for this repository - no auth required )
Branches to build: origin/master
Additional Behavoir -> Local Branch Name: master
Schedule: H 0 1 1 0
Configuration Matrix Label Expression label_exp S1 S2
Build Execute Shell Command echo "--------------->"$label_exp
Per the gentleman's comment above – simply post this url in another browser tab and watch your threads die... Keep submitting, and they all die...
SEVERE: Unexpected executor death
java.lang.IllegalStateException: /usr/share/tomcat8/.jenkins/jobs/test/configurations/axis-label_exp/S1/builds/3 already existed; will not overwite with test/label_exp=S1 #3
at hudson.model.RunMap.put(RunMap.java:189)
at hudson.matrix.MatrixConfiguration.newBuild(MatrixConfiguration.java:284)51)
at hudson.model.Queue.withLock(Queue.java:1189)
at hudson.model.Executor.run(Executor.java:310)
Let me know if this does not work, or you want some config files. I hope it is easily reproducible..and quickly resolved – this is killing me! Thanks so much for your help...
This is even worse.. I lose my node after a while – I saw this in production and but I did not think it was related...
Now I have these messages in the log...
May 08, 2015 7:15:45 AM hudson.triggers.SafeTimerTask run
SEVERE: Timer task hudson.slaves.NodeProvisioner$NodeProvisionerInvoker@7c2aef8c.computeSnapshot(LoadStatistics.java:332)
at hudson.slaves.NodeProvisioner$2.run(NodeProvisioner.java:261)
at hudson.model.Queue._withLock(Queue.java:1212)
at hudson.model.Queue.withLock(Queue.java:1148)
at hudson.slaves.NodeProvisioner.update(NodeProvisioner.java:208)
at hudson.slaves.NodeProvisioner.access$000(NodeProvisioner.java:57)
at hudson.slaves.NodeProvisioner$NodeProvisionerInvoker.doRun(NodeProvisioner.java:778))
May 08, 2015 7:15:51 AM hudson.triggers.SafeTimerTask run
SEVERE: Timer task hudson.model.LoadStatistics$LoadStatisticsUpdater@40623d93$LoadStatisticsUpdater.doRun(LoadStatistics.java:394) restart tomcat and my slave returns.... that is not very cool! But at least it came back!!
Thanks again...
Was anyone able to replicate this problem? Just want to help out where I can, and am hoping for a quick resolution. Thanks.
I get this ISE the second and subsequent time I trigger the build. The first time I get something different (with matrix-project 1.4.1):
java.io.IOException: cannot start a build of JENKINS-26582/label_exp=S1 since its parent has no builds at all at hudson.matrix.MatrixConfiguration.newBuild(MatrixConfiguration.java:276) …
Will investigate both.
All the builds actually seem to run.
I filed the NPE as
JENKINS-28384. It was probably triggered by the executor death here, but is an independent bug.
Here is what I have so far. Despite appearances, this is not a core bug. A change made as part of the implementation of
JENKINS-24380 merely made an erroneous condition be displayed as such.
The critical point (and the reason why existing automated tests did not catch this) is that the bug is not manifested when you trigger a matrix build normally—only when you install the Git plugin and use /git/notifyCommit.
The main bug is in matrix-project: MatrixConfiguration.newBuild assumes without checking that the newly created MatrixRun in fact has a unique build number. If this was created as part of a MatrixBuild, then that will be true, since the MatrixProject uses the default (sane) implementation of newBuild. And that is exactly what happens—normally.
But it turns out that there is nothing blocking a MatrixRun from being created other ways. For example, if you ping <job>/label_exp=S1/build you will get this error, because the number of the last parent MatrixBuild is unchanged, and there was already a MatrixRun with that number. Of course you would not normally go to this URL—it is not exposed in the UI—but there is nothing stopping you from doing that, or I guess from using the CLI to do the same.
I presume the initial …since its parent has no builds at all exception has the same cause: an attempt to directly start a MatrixRun without a parent MatrixBuild.
Now the reason why this appears with Git notifications is that GitStatus.JenkinsAbstractProjectListener.onNotifyCommit is wrong, too. If you look at SubversionRepositoryStatus or MercurialStatus, you will see that they check whether there is an SCMTrigger for the project which does not ignorePostCommitHooks. If there is not, they print a message (No subversion jobs using SCM polling or all jobs using SCM polling are ignoring post-commit hooks, No SCMTrigger on …), and then do nothing. And if sha1 is unspecified, GitStatus does the same. But if you specify sha1, it immediately schedules a build (with RevisionParameterAction), rather than using polling, even if there is no SCMTrigger.
For a top-level project, that is probably fine. But MatrixConfiguration.getScm delegates to its parent, so each configuration shows up in the list of projects matching the specified repo. Thus means that the Git plugin schedules not only the top-level MatrixProject into the queue, but each MatrixConfiguration! And when those children are run directly, the error appears because they are trying to create builds which duplicate an existing number: either that of the last matrix build (if the configurations get scheduled before the parent), or that of the current matrix build (if after).
Mark Sinclair sorry to hijack this issue but everyone else seems to be seeing a problem with matrix projects and Git notifications, whereas your case was actually something else, apparently rarer and probably needing some unrelated fix. If you still see it, file it separately (blocking
JENKINS-24380).
Offering PRs for both plugins. Either fix will avoid the usual symptom, but it is best to have both.
Issue can be masked because not all plugins using onNotifyCommit in github-plugin migration is in progress and other plugins just copy-pasted from github-plugin algorithm/code.
Code changed in jenkins
User: Jesse Glick
Path:
src/main/java/hudson/plugins/git/GitStatus.java
Log:
[FIXED JENKINS-26582] To trigger a build from notifyCommit, the project must have an SCMTrigger.
This is true even if it has a matching SCM and sha1 is specified.
Otherwise we would be triggering MatrixConfiguration, which is illegal and cause errors.
Code changed in jenkins
User: Mark Waite
Path:
src/main/java/hudson/plugins/git/GitStatus.java
src/test/java/hudson/plugins/git/GitSCMTest.java
Log:
Merge pull request #319 from jglick/SCMTrigger-
JENKINS-26582 JENKINS-26582 notifyCommit should ignore projects without SCMTrigger
Passed tests on multiple platforms.
Compare:
I was having a hard time following the comments, if these changes would actually fix the dead thread problem. Now that this fix was integrated into the head (according to emails that I received from the Jenkins server, I decided to retry the test, but I get the same results..
philbeiler The fixes are in the Git Plugin and have not been released yet.
I had originally reported this issue. For my application (freestyle jobs), I see the dead thread problem after a config reload. This resolution won't solve the problem for those that are seeing the problem after reloading configuration (I don't have the Git Plugin).
Mark Sinclair Well, this is a mess then
Phil's explanation was so good and easily reproducible that Jesse went ahead and fixed it using this issue as reference. Notably, most commenters also used Matrix Projects and provided information and stack traces related to that, so it's understandable that the difference in the original report was missed.
The cleanest way to move forward would be to file your original issue a second time. Mention that it's not
JENKINS-26582, as its resolution helps with Matrix projects and Git plugin, but your problem is with Freestyle projects, to protect it from being hijacked again. I understand this must be frustrating but using this issue going forward, when it was already used in the fixes to Git Plugin, would be too confusing IMO.
It would also be great if you could make your issue reliably reproducible in some way.
Mark Sinclair perhaps you missed my comment of May 13th where I said essentially the same thing, but perhaps not explained as well as Daniel.
Please note that there are fixes for this issue in both the Git and Matrix Project plugins. I believe either suffices to avoid the symptom. Not sure about release status, check plugin changelogs.
Thanks - hadn't noticed that. I will get the latest and give it a try when it's released.
I apologize for for hijacking this issue.. That was not my attempt, as the symptoms/issue produced the same outcome – it just seemed like the right place to jump in!
I hope I can ask one last question on this, Jesse stated that both the Git and Matrix plugin have been fixed. The matrix plugin has not been released in almost a year, and the Git plugin was last released in February. Is there any plan for releasing them (I'm sure they are not your responsibility), but this but is killing me (or my threads!) Is there some way that I can monitor these fixes (related ticket numbers, etc), as they go thru the automated process, similar to the core Jenkins code? I would just like to know how long I have to deal with this, especially, since you were so kind to fix it weeks ago.
Thanks again. Phil
philbeiler.
I ran through the steps described in this bug report with a matrix job running across slaves on multiple versions of Windows and multiple versions of Linux (CentOS, Debian, and Ubuntu). As far as I can tell, the bug is fixed by the changes made by Jesse Glick.
I've got 1.609.3 LTS installed with git plugin 2.4.0 and matrix project 1.6 and I'm getting lots of
java.lang.IllegalStateException: /var/lib/jenkins/jobs/java8-1-build-pro-java7-master/builds/1388 already existed; will not overwite with java8-1-build-pro-java7-master #1388
at hudson.model.RunMap.put(RunMap.java:187)
at jenkins.model.lazy.LazyBuildMixIn.newBuild(LazyBuildMixIn.java:178)
at hudson.model.AbstractProject.newBuild(AbstractProject.java:1010)
at hudson.model.AbstractProject.createExecutable(AbstractProject.java:1209)
at hudson.model.AbstractProject.createExecutable(AbstractProject.java:144)
at hudson.model.Executor$1.call(Executor.java:335)
at hudson.model.Executor$1.call(Executor.java:317)
at hudson.model.Queue._withLock(Queue.java:1348)
at hudson.model.Queue.withLock(Queue.java:1213)
at hudson.model.Executor.run(Executor.java:317)
I recently started using github push triggers (manually configured). this ticket tldr. Did i miss something (sorry)? I'm limping along with this. Thanks.
philip rosegay if you have applied the relevant plugin updates then you are hitting a different bug with the same symptom but a distinct cause, which would be tracked separately. Without knowing how to reproduce we are unlikely to be able to help.
ya think? seems unlikely as the stack trace looked the same to me. what do you need?
Jenkins core is simply reporting an illegal condition which something else was responsible for producing. Other than the original report here, all cases have been tracked back to a combination of bugs in the Git and Matrix Project plugins, both of which were fixed. What is causing the problem in your case I do not know.
didn't answer the question: what do you need to isolate to root cause?.
This may be a legitimate bug revealed by the changes for
JENKINS-24380(I actually asked for this to be an error condition to prevent overriding existing builds).
Are you using Gerrit Trigger Plugin?
Is there a build.xml in 29 (while Jenkins still thinks the next build should be 29)?DiMe Joins FDA’s Network of Experts
Boston, MA — November 10, 2020 — The Digital Medicine Society (DiMe), the professional society for the digital medicine community, has joined the U.S. Food & Drug Administration’s (FDA) “Network of Experts”.
FDA).
This announcement follows the recent launch of FDA’s new Digital Health Center of Excellence (DHCoE), which aims to boost digital health innovation by fostering partnerships and connections among digital health stakeholders.
“Participation in FDA’s Network of Experts provides DiMe members with a unique opportunity to further our collective efforts to advance the safe, effective, ethical, and equitable use of digital technologies to optimize health,” said DiMe Executive Director, Jennifer Goldsack. “This underscores both the breadth and depth of the expertise that defines the DiMe membership and we are proud to support FDA initiatives across the agency that seek to use digital technologies to advance healthcare for everyone.”Botswana - Trade Agreements Botswana - Trade Agreements
Recognizing the problems that its small domestic market ultimately poses for investors, Botswana continues to promote trade by pursuing free trade agreements with its neighbors as well as other developed and developing countries.
Southern African Customs Union (SACU)
Botswana is a member of the Southern African Customs Union (SACU) along with South Africa, Lesotho, Namibia, and eSwatini. SACU is a duty free trading area with a common external tariff. With the exception of certain foodstuffs, import permits are not required for goods entering Botswana from other SACU members. Botswana's membership in SACU allows investors to take advantage of selling duty free in the far larger South African market. The SACU Secretariat based in Namibia is responsible for implementing the SACU Agreement as well as improving economic performance of the union’s member states. U.S.-SACU Free Trade Agreement negotiations were suspended in April 2006, largely due to divergent views on the scope for the agreement. Instead of a free trade agreement, the United States and SACU negotiated a Trade, Investment, and Development Cooperation Agreement (TIDCA) that would establish a forum for consultative discussions on a wide range of trade and investment issues. A Consultative Group will oversee the implementation of the TIDCA and provide a framework for working on a range of interim-trade-related agreements, cooperative programs, and other trade development steps that would set the platform for future free trade agreement negotiations.
Southern African Development Community (SADC) Free Trade Protocol
The Southern African Development Community’s (SADC) objective is to pursue a common integration plan based on economic, political, and trade interests (members: Botswana, Lesotho, Madagascar, Mauritius, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, eSwatini, Tanzania, Zambia and Zimbabwe, Angola, Democratic Republic of Congo, Seychelles and Malawi). The SADC Free Trade Area (FTA), though in place, is not yet implemented. In August 2008, Botswana was one of the twelve SADC members to sign the FTA. Angola and the Democratic Republic of Congo are yet to sign.
Under the SADC FTA, tariffs and non-tariff barriers will be eliminated on substantially all trade between the members. The implementation of the FTA started in 2000 following the signing of the SADC Trade Protocol. Through the FTA, 85% of trade in goods produced in the region will move across borders free of customs duties. Trade liberalization has taken place at different rates. The more developed member states (South Africa, Namibia, Botswana, eSwatini and Lesotho) have reduced tariffs at a faster rate.
World Trade Organization
Following its accession to the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), Botswana became a member of the World Trade Organization (WTO) in 1995.
SADC – EU Economic Partnership Agreement
Botswana has signed an interim Economic Partnership Agreement (EPA) with the European Union (EU). The EPA provides duty and quota free access on goods to the EU markets. Negotiations need to be completed on the treatment of services and new generation issues.
China and India
Botswana, as part of SACU, launched free trade negotiations with both China and India. The negotiating parties have exchanged lists of goods that would benefit from lower tariffs.
Mercosur
SACU signed a Preferential Trade Agreement (PTA) on the 16th of December 2004 with the South American customs union known as Mercosur, comprised of: Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay. The agreement creates the legal framework for improved trade relations between SACU and Mercosur as well as serving as a first step toward the creation of a free trade area between the two regions.
African Growth and Opportunity Act
Botswana is a beneficiary of the U.S. African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA), which has been extended to 2025 under the Trade Preferences Enhancement Act of 2015. The amendment also extended the duty free treatment under the Generalized System of Preferences from 2015 to December 2017. Under AGOA, more than 6,500 product categories of goods are granted duty and quota free access to the U.S. market. More information about AGOA is available on the Internet at and from the Southern Africa Global Competitiveness Hub, located in Gaborone, on its website at.
African Continental Free Trade Agreement
Botswana became the 51st country to sign the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA) in February 2019. The agreement looks to create a single continental market for goods and services, with free movement of business persons and investments, paving the way for accelerating the establishment of the Continental Customs Union and the African customs union.Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again.Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again.
Remember to measure your pet for the paw-fect fit. Protect your pup’s eyes through the seasons with the Doggles ILS Dog Goggles. Made to stand up to any weather, the lenses on this patented! Designed with an extremely flexible, comfy foam-lined rubber frame, and adjustable elastic straps for a snug fit on your pal’s head and chin, they’re durable and comfortable for everyday wear. Plus, the lens cup is built extra deep, so it keeps the lenses safely away from your pup’s eyes, adding a unique layer of vision-protecting peace of mind. Make sunny days, drives, or rides with your dog that much more fun, safe, and rewarding, while helping to maintain healthy eyes.Key Benefits
-.
Supervision is advised with the use of any pet accessory.
Shop Prescription Medications from Chewy Pharmacy
- Item Number118523
- Breed SizeMedium Breeds
- MaterialRubber, Plastic:
Don't put the goggles on your dog while indoors. Imagine yourself wearing dark tinted glasses inside. You cannot see, and neither can your dog..
Try to go through this routine as often as possible. The number of training sessions required depends on your dog.
For the best fit, match the below dimensions to your pet's measurements as closely as possible. If your pet falls somewhere between two sizes, we advise ordering the larger of the two.
Frame: Measure from one corner of the frame to the other (corner of eye to corner of eye across the face).
Strap: Measurement is length fully stretched
Customer Reviews
93% Recommend
93% of reviewersrecommend this product
You've Already Reviewed This Item
301 Reviews
Showing 1-10 of 301 Reviews
Eye protection
By Frizzie on Aug 29, 2021
I love to hang my head out the car window when we go places. My mom and dad only allow it when we're going slow, but they still worry about dry eyes and stuff in my eyes that could cause infection and damage. These are so cool. And I get lots of smiles and thumbs up as we drive through town. They are comfortable and stay in place unless I shake my head hard. My mom secured the chin strap so it stays in place better. And I'm all geared up with my matching harness!
perfect fit
By Dogmom on Nov 8, 2021
Bought these goggles for our rhodesian ridegback mix and the medium size was a perfect fit. Very nicely made. They look very sturdy. She loves them and can't wait to put them on and go for a ride!
Work great!! Buy them
By Omar on Sep 3, 2021
Great doggles. My dog has become sensitive to light and I bought these for him and they work! He no longer flinches in the sunlight. I loved this product. Has an adjustment on the side of the sunglasses for the perfect fit. He wears them comfortably.
Glasses for elderly dog that can no longer handle brightness.
By Noah on Nov 24, 2021
I really cannot review or rate as I cannot get my dog to wear them. The glasses look nice.
doggles ILS dog goggles
By Rosie on Oct 2, 2021
They worked very well. She likes to hang her head over the door and the doggles help in protecting her eyes. She also gets and lot of looks.
Cool dog in the truck
By Goofy on Jun 15, 2021
The Doggles are of good quality and fit my dog just fine. I adjusted the straps and he can wear them well. It took him a couple of days to learn to keep them on, but with treats, he's getting it. Today he rode in the truck and he took them off, so I told him, "No goggles, no window." On the way home, he kept them on so he got the window down! Happy dog! I feel better that his eyes are being protected as he sticks his head out saying hi to all the passer-bys! This is especially helpful when he rides in my '77 Jeep with the top off! Thanks!
Not only Cool, but work!
By Rknrbn on Jun 15, 2021
This looked like a great idea but I didn't know if Roxanne would like sporting them. I moved to an Island and the wind, sand, bugs, and sun have been rough on her eyes! I put them on and took them off before she would try to and praised her. Did that for a few days and then decided to try them. I put her in her bike basket, and away we went. She didn't touch them. She even figured out that she could see much better. She looks all around, up and down. We ride 15 to 20 miles every day that the weather permits. This is the only time that she wears them. I don't want to push my luck!
These are great!!!
By Jennifer on Jun 6, 2021
I love these!! My boys always have their heads out the window enjoying the breeze. I feel so much more comfortable knowing their eyes are protected. They are adjustable to fit on neck and head. They leave them on in the car and take them off when we get home. Puts smile on faces of folks we pass by
love these
By Rhonda on Aug 20, 2021
We absolutely love these doggles. Our Harley Marie love to ride, they did seem to be comfortable she didn't try to remove them.
LOVE IT!!!
By Ariadna on Oct 6, 2021
Not only does it fit perfectly on my dog but he also looks cool wearing them!!Roasting Beets preserves their color, flavor, and nutrition much better than boiling. It also makes peeling them a breeze!
Roasted Beets
Ingredients
- 1 Bunch Beets (try to select a bunch with beets more or less the same size)
- salt and fresh-ground pepper
- olive oil
Instructions
- Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
- Remove the beet greens, separate them from the stems, and wash and use as you would spinach or swiss chard. (Steaming over eggs is a yummy morning option.)
- Wash and dry the beets. Don’t peel them. Place them in the center of a sheet of aluminum foil on a baking sheet, and drizzle with olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Take another sheet of foil the same size, put it over top and fold up twice all around to seal the edges completely.
- Roast beets in oven for 45 minutes to 1 ½ hours, depending on the size of the beets. You’ll know they are done when a toothpick slides easily through the foil and into a beet.
- Remove from oven, open foil carefully, and let cool completely.
- After they are cool, the skins should slide right off. Cut the beets up into whatever size you like, and serve. They are really good incorporated into your favorite salad, especially with blue, feta, or goat cheese.
3.3.3070inexpensive plastic recycling bins mould for home
Indoor Recycling Bins - Amazon.co.uk
50L Litre Plastic Indoor Recycle Recycling Waste Bin with Lid for in the Home / Kitchen - Made in the UK - Choice of Colours Blue . 4.7 out of 5 stars 10. £16.98 £ 16. 98. FREE Delivery. Brabantia Sort & Go Kitchen Recycling Bin (16L / Mint) Stackable W ...
Recycling bins Kitchen bins | Argos
Curver 34 Litre Plastic Recycling Bins - Set of 3. Rating 4 .300714 out of 5 (714) £26.00. Add to trolley. Add to wishlist. Add to wishlist. Argos Home 30 Litre Twin Compartment Recycling Bin. Rating 4.700191 out of 5 (191) £45.00. Add to trolley. Add t ...
Plastic Recycling Bins & Boxes | Plastic Box Shop
Here at Plastic Box Shop, you'll find a wide range of plastic recycling bins that are perfect for separating the rubbish in your home or workplace. All of our recycling bins come in different shapes and sizes. Many of them also have colour-coded lids so you, your family or your employees will find it very easy to organise waste appropriately.
Household Waste Recycling Bins for sale | eBay
Plastic Recycle Bin With Lid 25L / 50L Rubbish Dustbin Kitchen Garden Waste Bin. £11.99 to £13.99. Click & Collect. (£13.99/Unit) Free postage. 123 sold. Stackable Recycle Bins 25L x 3 Food Waste Recycling Lids Dustbin Kitchen Garden. £28.99.
Addis Recycling 40 Litre Set of 3 Waste Utility Plastic Bins ...
New and improved - A complete everyday recycling solution for home office or catering utility areas Made in the UK by Addis this set of 3 complete 40 litre bins makes separating and disposing of all your waste a quick and easy task Each bin has a different colour coded lid red green blue and Yellow allowing you to separate your different waste Integrated interlocking clips allows you to link 1 ...
Bins | Kitchen Bins | Robert Dyas
From pedal bins to sensor bins, we've got a great range to choose from for your kitchen, bathroom or utility room. Our collection even includes the latest easy-sorting bins to help you manage your recycling, as well as brands like Brabantia , Joseph Joseph and Curver in a range of styles and colours.
NEXT Post:trash can with lid south africa- Policy Proposals
- 2004
- A Call for Foreign Direct Investment in Japan to Contribute to an Improvement in the Lives of the Japanese People
A Call for Foreign Direct Investment in Japan to Contribute to an Improvement in the Lives of the Japanese People
April 4, 2005
Nobuyoshi Yamanaka
Chairman, Project Team for the Promotion of Foreign Direct Investment in Japan
(President and Representative Director, Emerson Japan Ltd.)
1. Aim and Focus of the Policy Proposal
We propose that measures be taken to attract substantially more foreign direct investment to Japan, preferably in excess of 10% of FDI stock in Japan as a percentage of GDP in the long run, in order to maximize Japan's national interest and benefits for Japanese populace and consumers and achieve efficient national and economic management.
Our policy proposal assumes no distinction between domestic and foreign investors while focusing on three key features: modifications to the commercial and tax codes to encourage M&A activities, liberalization of the healthcare, pharmaceuticals, and medical equipment markets; and injection of the expertise and know-how of the private sector into central and local government.
This proposal marks the first time that the Keizai Doyukai has taken up the enhancement of foreign direct investment in Japan.
2. Key Points of the Policy Proposal
Proposal 1: Modifications to the Commercial and Tax Codes to Encourage M&A Activities by Foreign Investors
- We call for a package combining both a lifting of the freeze on stock swap and triangular mergers by foreign investors in fiscal 2007 and a revision of the tax code to allow for taxation deferral of capital gains tax realized through stock swap.
- We call for extreme caution with regard to any measures tightening the taxation of capital gains by overseas investors.
Proposal 2: Liberalization of the Healthcare Markets to Maximize Benefit to the Populace
- Medical Care
- We propose that private corporations be allowed to manage medical institutions, facilitating and promoting active utilization of the resources and expertise of foreign enterprises
- We propose the use of Kongo Sinryo (medical care that mixes treatment covered by insurance and treatment not covered by insurance), resulting in a fuller use of state-of-the-art medical services
- Pharmaceuticals and Medical Equipment
- We propose that the approval and licensing system be improved and streamlined for speed as well as quality, allowing a fuller use of state-of-the-art pharmaceuticals and medical equipment
- We propose that clinical testing system and procedures be improved for both speed and quality, positioning Japan as a center of excellence in Asia and the world
- We propose that industry-academe collaboration be promoted further for joint research with universities and public research institutions under fair conditions, making no distinction between domestic and foreign entities
- We propose that the risks for enterprises with regard to employee inventions be reduced to a manageable level
Proposal 3: Systemic and Organizational Reform of Central and Local Governments and Related Agencies to Create Necessary Support Systems
- We propose that a cabinet minister's position be created with clear responsibility and authority for promotion of foreign direct investment into Japan
- We propose an approach of wide-area collaboration involving two or more local governments to more effectively attract foreign direct investment
- We propose that the vitality of private-sectors be put into more effective use
- Strategically converting unused resources and assets of municipalities into liquidity in order to enhance the competitiveness of Japan thereby attracting more foreign direct investment
- Making active use of expertise and know-how of the private sectors and their employees to switch to more "strategic" and "soft" approaches, enhancing the execution capability as an organization to enable more foreign direct investment in Japan.
Proposal 4: Establishment by Keizai Doyukai of Committee for Promoting Direct Investment in Japan (Provisional Name)
Conclusion:
Japan needs more foreign direct investment and willingly takes up the challenge of due reform, in order to turn itself into a truly open economic power, attractive to foreigners and foreign enterprises with advanced technology and needed expertise.Tubular motors
The wired, short version of the RolTop M with round head is particularly suitable for roller blinds and Zip systems (from a shaft diameter of 50 mm) in narrow elements. It also features smart force measurement and blind protection.
10 Nm max. torque, 14 rpm speed
Article number: 38 111.Archive for the ‘law’ category: Page 8
Mar 21, 2021
Cyber Polygon
Posted by Saúl Morales Rodriguéz in categories: cybercrime/malcode, law
Partners.
Banco Santander.
IBM
Continue reading “Cyber Polygon” »
Mar 21, 2021
Liz Parrish goes deep into gene therapies at the HackMyAge Podcast by Zora (March 2021)
Posted by Montie Adkins in categories: biotech/medical, computing, genetics, law, life extension, neuroscience
Long but annotated! Most important here is human data for specific treatments due out starting in May or June. And apparently they had a mouse study where they expected a paper due out already but other groups chimed in to help with more testing so there is a delay.
Liz Parrish, CEO of BioViva Science and patient zero of biological rejuvenation with gene therapies, is interviewed by Zora Benhamou on her fresh podcast “HackMyAge”.
Continue reading “Liz Parrish goes deep into gene therapies at the HackMyAge Podcast by Zora (March 2021)” »
Mar 19, 2021
Civil liability for damages related to germline and embryo editing against the legal admissibility of gene editing
Posted by Saúl Morales Rodriguéz in categories: bioengineering, biotech/medical, genetics, law
The development of gene therapy, in particular gene editing using the CRISPR-Cas9 method, has prompted a lively discussion around the world about how deeply you can interfere with the human genome. The creators of this method have turned to the world community, including lawyers, to undertake a public discussion of the implications that it can create (The National Academies of Sciences Engineering Medicine, 2015). The most important problem to be resolved in the future, in my opinion, will be the issue of establishing very clear legal principles of liability for damages resulting from the editing of genes in human embryos and reproductive cells. However, before this happens, it is necessary to show the possible legal problems that may arise and that will certainly appear in future legislative work in the world. Questions must be asked to which world legal experts will need to seek answers. The goal of this paper is to show the possible legal problems and ask questions related to the liability for damages resulting from the editing of genes in human embryos and reproductive cells that will be answered in the future.
Private law considerations will be based on Polish law, although it should be pointed out that the conclusions derived from them appear to be of universal nature for different legal systems. Despite the fact that legal considerations will refer to the regulation of Polish law, the subject of the analysis will also be the differences in the legal qualification of reproductive cells and embryos in other European legislations. It seems that nowhere in the world are there special regulations regarding the liability for damage related to the genetic editing of reproductive cells or embryos. Therefore, there is a need to present new challenges for classic private law institutions, such as legal abilities, torts, or liability for damages. Due to the lack of uniform European regulations and different conflicts of rights the subject of analysis will not be wrongful life and wrongful birth actions, but only claims of prenatal damage to a child.
The first major legal problem facing the international community is, of course, the question of the legal acceptability of the editing of genes of human reproductive cells and embryos (van Dijke et al., 2018). In this regard, it should be pointed out that despite the initial demand to ban such editing, over time, increasingly more scientists have pointed to the fact that it is not possible to maintain such a moratorium (Doudna and Sternberg, 2017). Jiankui’s presentation at the Second International Summit on Human Genome Editing on November 272018, showed that the introduction of a moratorium on genetic modifications of embryos in Europe, the condemnation of such research by a group of 120 of the greatest geneticists, even the Chinese regulations (Zhang and Lie, 2018) will not limit its conduct (Cyranoski and Ledford, 2018). Globalization of the medical market means that if any procedures are allowed on other continents, they will also become available to Europeans (Lunshof, 2016).
Mar 12, 2021
Irakli Beridze, Head, Centre for Artificial Intelligence and Robotics — UNICRI — United Nations
Posted by Ira S. Pastor in categories: government, law, policy, robotics/AI, security, sustainability
AI).
Continue reading “Irakli Beridze, Head, Centre for Artificial Intelligence and Robotics — UNICRI — United Nations” »
Mar 11, 2021
The ‘star-fiend’ who unlocked the Universe
Posted by Genevieve Klien in categories: law, space
We used to think the Milky Way was the only galaxy, but with one simple law, Henrietta Swan Leavitt changed that forever – and she didn’t even need a telescope.
Mar 9, 2021
Robo-writers: the rise and risks of language-generating AI
Posted by Derick Lee in categories: business, law, robotics/AI.
A remarkable AI can write like humans — but with no understanding of what it’s saying.
Mar 8, 2021
Autonomous Delivery Robots Are Now ‘Pedestrians’ in Pennsylvania
Posted by Quinn Sena in categories: drones, law, robotics/AI
The legal rights of robots have expanded, at least in Pennsylvania. There, autonomous delivery drones will be allowed to maneuver on sidewalks and paths as well as roadways and will now technically be considered “pedestrians.” It’s the latest change in the evolving relationship between autonomous vehicles and humans.
Feb 25, 2021
Victory for ‘net neutrality’ law in California
Posted by Saúl Morales Rodriguéz in category: law
A federal judge late Tuesday cleared the way for California to begin enforcing a net neutrality law opposed by US telecom titans.
Feb 18, 2021
Google and Facebook: the landmark Australian law that will make them pay for news content
Posted by Brent Ellman in category: law
“The.
Continue reading “Google and Facebook: the landmark Australian law that will make them pay for news content” »Authors
App
Get QuoteDark Inspirational Quotes App
All Quotes with the tag - Whom
" A circus is like a mother in whom one can confide and who rewards and punishes. "
Burt Lancaster
" A committee should consist of three men, two of whom are absent. "
Herbert Beerbohm Tree
" Ale, man, ale's the stuff to drink for fellows whom it hurts to think. "
A. E. Housman
" All Church power arises from the indwelling of the Spirit; therefore those in whom the Spirit dwells are the seat of Church power. But the Spirit dwells in the whole Church, and therefore the whole Church is the seat of Church power. "
Charles Hodge
" As an actor, you don't have control over what you do, whom you work with. "
Scott Ellis
" Definition of a victim: a person to whom life happens. "
Peter McWilliams
" Doubt whom you will, but never yourself. "
Christian Nestell Bovee
" For the person for whom small things do not exist, the great is not great. "
Jose Ortega y Gasset
" Gossip is essentially storytelling: storytelling about people whom we know. "
Mona Simpson
" Government shouldn't tell you whom to marry. "
Michael Bloomberg
" He whom all hate all wish to see destroyed. "
Ovid
" He whom many fear, has himself many to fear. "
Publilius Syrus
" I admit that: my wife is outspoken, but by whom? "
Sam Levenson
" I am lucky to have advisers whom I trust. "
Monica Seles
" I am one of those for whom superfluity is a necessity. "
Theophile Gautier
" I don't think journalists should talk about whom they're voting for. "
Tom Wolfe
" I firmly believe that to whom much is given, much is expected. "
Greg Gianforte
" I have three sisters, all of whom lead very normal lives. "
Jane Byrne
" I like Jon Stewart. He's not as obnoxious as Dennis Miller, whom I really can't stand. "
Tom Lehrer
" It's mostly directors whom I get starstruck around. "
Sarah Gadon
" I've got a lot of friends with whom I discuss jazz. "
Julian Barratt
" Most people to whom a statue has been erected are undeserving. "
Howard Jacobson
" My accent depends on whom I'm around. "
Claire Forlani
" Ninety percent of politics is deciding whom to blame. "
Meg Greenfield
" No one knows whom the shoe pinches - no one. "
Sholom Aleichem
" No one loves the man whom he fears. "
Aristotle
" Nothing is enough for the man to whom enough is too little. "
Epicurus
" Nothing is enough for the man to whom enough is too little. "
Washington Irving
" Poets, like friends to whom you are in debt, you hate. "
William Wycherley
" Proof is an idol before whom the pure mathematician tortures himself. "
Arthur Eddington
BookDark
MusicDarkLooking back on 35 years – a retrospective take on a respected yearbook adviser’s illustrious career
Written by Sarah Scott
Yearbook advisers last an average of three years on the job, but Jim Jordan is retiring at the end of this school year with more than 10 times that tenure. He has been a yearbook adviser at Del Campo High School in Fair Oaks, California for 35 years.
Under his leadership the Decamhian yearbook has won 13 CSPA Crown Awards and 19 NSPA Pacemaker Awards. Jordan was named the 1996 JEA Yearbook Adviser of the Year. He has also has been awarded the Gold Key by CSPA, the Pioneer Award from NSPA and the Medal of Merit from JEA.
More than that, Jordan has connected with students and the people he’s worked with over the years. A mark of his popularity: Jordan’s first yearbook editor – from 34 years ago – will be at his upcoming retirement party, along with his current and final editor. He keeps in touch with yearbook staff from every year he’s been an adviser.
Jordan is known for his loquacious tendencies and certainly lived up to the reputation during an interview with Walsworth Yearbooks.
Walsworth: Let’s go back to the beginning. How did you get into teaching and yearbook advising?
Jordan:
My father was a school administrator and when I started college the last thing I thought I wanted to be was a teacher. Then my second semester of college, I met this amazing professor who got me loving literature. And then I decided, “Wow. It might be kind of cool to teach high school kids about literature and writing and stuff like that.” And I decided I was going to be a high school teacher.
I got into teaching because I loved literature and I have stayed in teaching because I love high school-aged kids.
You’ve been an adviser for 35 years. What is it about yearbook that’s kept you from tearing yourself away?
It totally has been this connection to kids. When I talk about my workshops, I always use this line that I open up with, “Who are we as yearbook people, yearbook students? We are bright, talented, creative students working as a team to create something beautiful through words, photos and contemporary design that will last a lifetime.” It’s this idea of academic coaching, that you get these great kids together.
It’s putting kids in a situation with the right tools and the right guidance and the right training, where they can discover and use talents they didn’t know they had. That whole process of awakening talent in kids – that’s what’s made it interesting all these years, as far as the day-to-day grind of putting out the yearbook.
Beyond that, I’ve made thousands of friends, literally, all across the country. Advisers and students and all sorts of things, that have enriched me as a professional as well. It’s always exciting.What are some of the important lessons you’ve learned over the years?
The number one lesson of the process of leadership is that you have to train everybody to communicate. If people aren’t talking about the issues and the problems and being upfront with what they are, that’s when you have trouble. So the need and the importance of constant communication.
When I don’t create an atmosphere where that happens, we’re going to have problems. If I’m not open to kids telling me ̶ good, bad or indifferent ̶ what’s going on, then you’re going to have problems. But when communication is flowing, we can have much more success.
That’s a big lesson learned. And another one is just the power of students to master software and hardware and to create things that are amazing. To see what my students have been able to do, it’s mind-boggling. And I think adults quite frequently sell high school kids short. They don’t give them credit for how amazingly talented they are. But, on the same token, you have to create an atmosphere where kids feel valued, and they have the room to fail, and the freedom to try new things. And frankly, as time goes on, it gets harder to recruit those kind of kids that are up for that kind of challenge.
That’s always a dilemma any adviser is going to face, is how do you get the kids into your room that have the desire and the talent and the willingness to try new things and find the talents that they have.
Why do you think that’s getting more difficult?
There’s lots of reasons. I think there are more options for kids now. And we’ve seen this arc, too, of when the desktop publishing was new. Yearbook was state-of-the art, and it was sexy to have computers that nobody else had. And now more of that is common place. It’s not as flashy and shiny. It’s more seen as work. Kids have more access to technology, they have more access to jobs, they have more access to things – good things – that are happening around school. There was a time when all of those things didn’t exist. And it’s just harder to find kids to commit to this nine-month process of creating a book. And for a lot of kids it’s too daunting.
Kids that do it get value, get unbelievable value from it, but it’s hard to get kids to commit to that kind of daunting work.I’m told by people who know you that you’ve had a very impressive group of kids over the years. How would you say your class helped them in life?
This is one of the stories that’s amazing. I have a student, he was on the staff in 1987 but his main year was 1988. He won the MacArthur prize – it’s called the genius award and they give about seven of them every year.
He got it for his work with immunology, because he was involved with the SARS virus. He’s still doing that work. He was put in our district’s hall of fame and I got to introduce him. And he said, “The graphic skills that I learned in yearbook, I use every day when I’m making proposals for new funding, when I’m communicating with people about projects that I’m involved in.”
I just hear over and over again that kids take the skill, the leadership skills, the graphic arts skills, the writing skills. And they use them in whatever field they go into.
Talk about a gift to me as an educator – I’m privileged to hear that, that kids learn something that was valuable and they continue to use it in their careers.
If your yearbook staffers remembered you and your class for one thing, what do you think that would be?
I would hope they would say that I pushed them to find levels of greatness in themselves, and I pushed them to create a level of greatness in their book that they wouldn’t have gotten to had I not been there mentoring, pushing, cheerleading, telling them it’s not good enough when they needed to hear that. That’s what I hope that they would say.
That’s one thing that I would say is a hallmark of the Decamhian – our yearbook – is that we are detail people. We’re going to know how much space is between the headline and the body of text. We know how much this is set up, and why we did it this way. We are fanatical about details.
I see that more and more in life, nobody’s fanatical about details. Nobody follows directions. And so, if you are a detail person, you’re going to be valuable wherever you are.
Do you have any advice for yearbook advisers who are just starting out?
The number one thing is you’ve got to recruit the best kids. You really can’t do this at a high level unless you have kids who are intellectually curious, and wanting to work hard, and wanting to explore their own talents. And you have to be the person that finds those people and you have to be the person that nurtures that.
And then – I’ll give a commercial here – there is one of the great things that we’re trying to do at Walsworth. I’ve been involved with the Mentor Program. We’re trying to give new advisers support so they can talk to somebody on a regular basis who will say things like, “I’m never sure whether the book’s going to come out on time. I worry about how the pages are going to come together on that deadline before Christmas and here’s some strategies that I’ve used to help get through that.”
Don’t let yourself become an island. Hook yourself up with the journalism community that can support you. I literally have hundreds of great adviser friends that I can turn to and that I share with. And that’s the great thing about social media and Facebook is that we’re sharing our burdens and our joys every day. You know, it’s not me, it’s just how it is. And we’ll buck up and make it happen.
Just find yourself support to let people come alongside you and show you that they’ve been there, too.
Why is mentoring advisers a big deal to you?
Because I would like them to find the joy in being a yearbook adviser that I have. Also, we’re at a critical time here now. Unless we have people who are willing to see this as more than just a burden, if we don’t get great people wanting to be yearbook advisers and stay in it for more than one or two years, it’s going to have a huge effect on the quality of the yearbooks that are created, which will then have a huge effect on whether or not schools are going to make yearbooks a viable part of their curriculum and their school culture.
So, if we don’t have people that want to keep doing it, the form is going to diminish. And my greatest fear is that yearbooks are only going to be meaningful in schools where the parents are affluent and they have a yearbook in their past. If you’re not upper middle class and owned a yearbook as a parent, the schools that don’t have a majority of those kind of parents and those kind of kids, I’m worried that the yearbook form is going to die out. And you’re going to see schools continue to eliminate them from their curriculum.
The key to making that not happen is having professional people that enjoy the process of putting it together.
Why is it important that all schools of all demographics produce a yearbook?
It’s the very nature of what a yearbook is. It’s the permanent record, the permanent physical record of what happens at an American high school during a calendar school year. And if students are doing it well, they’re telling a meaningful story. And if you don’t have a publication, that is going to be lost ̶ a permanent publication like that.
And newspapers and online stuff fill that role, but as you see with your 9,000 pictures you have on your phone – do you have those catalogued anywhere? Is there any kind of a story that goes along with them? That’s our job, to be the storytellers of the school. The permanent-record storytellers.You’ve won a lot of awards. What do you attribute this to?
What happens is you create a legacy of success. It’s all about culture. You want to create a culture of excellence, a culture of communication, a culture of quality – wherever you are!
I saw what we could do when we worked together collaboratively in yearbook. The legacy of quality keeps the book being great, but then it also gives back to the kids, who then understand what a legacy of quality is.
And we’ve won awards because we believe, I believe, that if I’m going to put my time into it, it’s going to be great. To put out a mediocre book takes a lot of time and effort. So why not just notch it up a couple and put out one that’s the best you possibly can?
You have been with Walsworth for your entire career. Do you think you’ve benefited by sticking with one yearbook company?
Oh, yeah. They’ve been so supportive of what I’ve done. And there’s been some things, like desktop publishing, we grew it together. And you meet the people. There’s one guy, he’s long-since passed away. His name is John Hamilton. And, and – I’m going to cry here – the spirit of (Jordan sighs deeply) he’s been gone so long that people won’t even remember him.
But I used to bring my kids every spring to the plant. We’d usually come on the first weekend in May. And I couldn’t wait until we would take the kids into the plant and they would meet John Hamilton. And John Hamilton was and is the heart of what Walsworth is. It’s real people doing the work of yearbooks, who really care about you as an individual.
He worked in the color department at the time – this is almost pre-desktop publishing. And he had his people that he worked with and they knew Del Campo High School. And when we would come in there, he would always make my kids feel like they were the most important people in the world. And he was funny. I wish I could remember… he had these Missouri-isms that were just hilarious.
John Hamilton working in the Walsworth plant cared about my kids and he knew me. He didn’t have to do that. It was just his job. But that’s the kind of people that work at Walsworth. That was back when Walsworth only had one plant in Marceline. They were great people that took great pride in their work, and I knew that. And I knew I could walk in that plant at any time and people would take good care of me and my kids.
And you don’t get that from the big conglomeration companies quite in the same way.
I was told, before I let you go, to ask about your Gatsby suit.
Oh my goodness. I’m obsessed with teaching The Great Gatsby. I’ve been teaching it since the middle-80s. I’ve probably read it 75 times, probably taught it 75 times. Well, in one of the early chapters Nick, who’s the major character, he goes to this party and he’s wearing a white flannel suit. And I would always say to my students, “When you get rich, I want one of you who’s rich to buy me a white flannel suit so I can teach The Great Gatsby as Nick in the white flannel suit.” Blah blah blah, laugh, you know, crazy – been doing that for years.
Well, then, the Leonardo DiCaprio movie came out and at the same time, Brooks Brothers – who’s a real famous men’s clothier from New York – they came out with a Great Gatsby line that went along with the movie. And so, I was down in Los Angeles, I went to a Brooks Brothers store and I looked at all the clothes.
And some of the jackets were $700. The pants were $400. The shoes were $400. Well, as I looked at the stuff and looked at the advertising for it, now Facebook’s involved. I get on Facebook and I say, “You know, somebody should buy me the pink suit that’s the Gatsby suit from chapter seven.” And on Facebook they laughed, “Oh, yeah, we should do that, blah blah blah.”
Then about a year later, it starts coming up on the ads in Facebook that they’re having a closeout sale on the Great Gatsby stuff. So I do a screenshot, put it up again. “Somebody should buy me this suit, come on!”
Well two of my 1992 editors-in-chief, they’re now in their 40s, they started a GoFundMe. And over 40 of my colleagues and former students raised $1,400…
(There’s a long pause, and Jordan chokes up)
…and they bought me the suit.
And it’s this beautiful pink linen suit. And now, when I teach chapter seven of The Great Gatsby, I teach chapter seven wearing the pink suit.
And that’s a physical (he takes another deep breath) reminder that’s it’s been a pretty good career.
And what you did had meaning and meant something to somebody.
(There’s another long pause)
I wasn’t expecting to cry.
That’s so amazing, though.
It’s pretty amazing because I’m still close with those two kids. And another one of them who got involved, I went up and saw her when we were in Seattle for the JEA convention. And (deep breath) it’s pretty amazing. It’s pretty amazing.Jim, do you have anything else you want to talk about, or that people should know about you?
No, just that I’ve been very proud of the fact that I’m a career teacher. I could have been a principal, I could have left and worked for Apple or whatever. But I decided I wanted to be a career teacher because (Jordan takes a deep breath) there’s something powerful and amazing about working with high school kids every day.
Yeah, they’re a pain. And I have developed a world where I get to work with the very best. I don’t have to work with a lot of kids that cause problems for everybody else. But in my world, I have the privilege of working with the best kids every day. And that’s a pretty amazing way to spend every day of your working life.
I have a little suite of rooms, room 16 and 17. And I have taught in this room 17, where I’m sitting right now – room 16 is the yearbook room – I’ve been in here literally every day since 1982.
And I can sit here…
(Jordan takes a deep breath before continuing.)
And I can point at desks, and I can remember who sat there, and I can remember what they’ve gone on to do. And can even remember where the kid in my class sat that committed suicide. And I can see the two desks with flowers on them for the girl who died during a car accident in 1995.
There’s something rich and amazing about having done this for this long in one place. And I’ve had the privilege to work with the great kids that I have.
(Now he laughs)
On the other hand, you can’t do it forever. I don’t want to teach until I’m 90. I don’t want to be that guy who stayed too long.
So it sounds like “Why would he leave?” Well, the time comes where it’s just time. Time to try something new. Time to mix it up a little bit and go out there and find the next adventure.
I hope your next adventure is as wonderful as teaching has been.
Well, it can’t help but be because that’s just who I try to be. Wherever you are, you try to find happiness and joyfulness and be thankful for what you have.
This interview has been condensed and edited for length and clarity.
May 09, 2017 at 10:49 am, Alex Blackwell said:
Jim,
Thanks so much for your dedication to teaching and to the yearbook tradition. You have made a difference in the lives of so many students!
Best wishes as you tackle new adventures!
Alex
May 09, 2017 at 11:52 pm, Brenda said:
Well done, Jim! I’m proud of you…
May 10, 2017 at 8:11 am, Kaigler said:
Great interview. What an inspiration.Find the top tunnel kiln dealers traders distributors wholesalers manufacturers suppliers in Kolkata West Bengal Get latest updated tunnel kiln prices in Kolkata for your buying requirement
Search Indian Billet Heating Furnace Manufacturers and Suppliers Details Contact to Billet Heating Furnace Exporters in India Billet Heating Furnace Wholesalers Billet Heating Furnace Distributors and Traders from India
West Bengal India cal patentindia com 237 DELHI 2993 DEL 2012 11 03 2020 00 00 00 REMFRY SAGAR Attorneys at Law Remfry House Millennium Plaza Sector 27 Gurgaon 122 009 India remfry sagar remfry com 238 DELHI 201711011554 11 03 2020 00 00 00 K S PARTNERS Intellectual Property Attorneys 109 Sector 44 Gurgaon 122 003 National Capital
Exporters India Largest searchable B2B Marketplace of manufacturers exporters Suppliers and importers Manufacturers Directory Indian Exporters Export Import Directory Exporters Directory Buy Sell offers from india foreign Countries
NPCS sets the standard for integrated Consultancy services Our belief in open communication and partnership which is at the heart of everything we do helps us in providing our clients with best of the knowledge and business insights that can help them attain their individual business goals
View Sudip Bose s profile on LinkedIn the world s largest professional community Sudip has 3 jobs listed on their profile See the complete profile on LinkedIn and discover Sudip s connections and jobs at similar
Child Work in Agriculture in West Bengal India Assessment of Musculoskeletal Disorders and Occupational Health Problems College University of Calcutta India
3 A member of advisory committee of Central Glass Ceramic Research Institute Naroda centre Ahmedabad Gujarat India head office at Kolkata West Bengal India 4 A member of Operational group for development of Ceramic Clusters of Gujarat India Organized by Indextb a Govt of Gujarat India Organization 5
list of crushers unit in west bengal fountainyouthsports rotary kiln design handbook calcutta west bengal dia Geochemistry of groundwater Burdwan District West Bengal India 1997 Handbook on high temperature tunnel kiln designers and consultants calcutta west bengal dia 50 tph mobile stone crusher price dia crusher mache for rubber India Solution for Mg Quarry
She is an elected Fellow of the West Bengal Academy of Science and Technology Dr Devi is the secretary of Materials Research Society of India Kolkata chapter and secretary of DNA society of India Kolkata She is also the council member of Indian Ceramic Society Materials Research Society of India and West Bengal Academy of Science and
Rotary kiln design handbook in calcutta west south machinery coltds a company specializing in mobile crusher and alibaba mobile rock crushing plant for sale indonesia mobile stone crushing et price ball mill importer south africa rotary kiln design handbook in calcutta west bengal india
China Washing Plant manufacturers Select 2019 high quality Washing Plant products in best p from certified Chinese Power Plant manufacturers Garden Plant suppliers wholesalers and factory on Made in China More Report for China Clay Plant and Infrastructure Area at Par Report for China Clay Plant and Infrastructure Area at Par Harbour
15 Sep 2015 Interesting articles about India found on the internet that need to be read See more ideas about India India travel and Incredible india
Machinotherm Engineers Kilns Furnance Products Air Heater Manufacturer from Kolkata West Bengal India Machinotherm Engineers Kilns Furnance Products Air Heater Manufacturer from Kolkata West Bengal India Tunnel Kiln Get Best Quote Fuel Fired Aluminium Melting And Holding Get Best Quote Hot Air Generator Electric
Full text of Animal Remains from South western part of West Bengal India and their relevance to the Ancient Civilization of the Area See other formats
Moreover Paragon Industries L P have full sheet metal manufacturing capability and two full time design engineers in the factory for quick design and manufacture of custom kilns The company have manufactured more than 900 specialized kilns FGK Thermal Pvt Ltd Incorporated in 1978 FGK Thermal Pvt Ltd is based in Kolkata West Bengal
Apr 27 2011 · list of refractories in india BRITISH INDIAN CALCUTTA West Bengal India Send Inquiry View Contact Details About Us Paradise Minerals India Minerals Refractories Manufacturers Offers Mica Bauxite Calcite High Temperature Enhanced Silicon Carbide Heating Elements
Dr K N Katju the Governor of West Bengal inaugurated the power station 134 Story of Electricity in the City of Calcutta There were five turbo generators and 18 boilers with a pressure of 350 psi and temperature of 700° F This is presently the oldest CESC power plant 135 Quoted in The Statesman 16 January 1940 136
Address for service in India Agents address KPLM CO 6A KIRAN SHANKAR ROY ROAD 2ND FLOOR KOLKATA 700001 WEST BENGAL INDIA Proposed to be Used KOLKATA Mobile Phone Talking instrument talking machine and other digital products Mobile Handsets Telephone Telecom Apparatus Epax P And Support Online tunnel kiln
Rotary Kiln Handbook Pdf
Aug 13 2014 · Engineer Pvt Ltd resume in Kolkata WB India August 2014 phd pe design engineer prof superintendent tata pp composite engg glass Tata Refractories Ltd Rotary Kiln Tunnel Kiln and Tempering Kiln Organisation TRL customer M N Dastur Co Pvt Ltd consultant High temperature 1198K sintering yielded lower resistivity
Search Indian Kilns Manufacturers and Suppliers Details Contact to Kilns Exporters in India Kilns Wholesalers Kilns Distributors and Traders from India JavaScript is disabled in your browser Enable JavaScript for full functionality of this site
Business listings of Kilns manufacturers suppliers and exporters in Kolkata West Bengal along with their contact details address Find here Kilns suppliers manufacturers wholesalers traders with Kilns
East West Metro a ₹ 4874 6 crore US 750 million project to connect Kolkata with Howrah by an underwater metro line below the Hooghly river was given the go ahead by the central government The length was supposed to be 14 67 km 8 9 km underground and 5 77 km elevated This line will be constructed and maintained by a separate body named Kolkata Metro Rail Corporation KMRC
Kolkata West Bengal India Techno Economic Feasibility Study for Establishment of Hospital with Teaching Facility 2015 430 M s Dristti Structural Engineering Pvt Ltd Nagpur Maharashtra India Feasibility Study for Establishment of Clinker Grinding for Cement Plant 2015 431 M s Kadombara Udyog Ltd Kolkata West Bengal India
A G Electronics Mumbai Maharashtra India A B Electricals Faridabad Haryana India Aadhithya Engineering And Marketing Services Chennai Tamil Nadu India Aarmic Industies Ahmedabad Gujarat India Abbas Enterprise Kolkata West Bengal India Abhinandana Jewellery Casting Hyderabad Telangana India Abr Cooling Towers P Ltd New Delhi
The basic criterion for developing wind power project depends on the density of wind in the particular site The state of West Bengal has not developed too many wind power projects The total electricity generated from the wind power projects in West Bengal is
A 100m long Tunnel Kiln for porcelain material Designing of a High Temperature 1850 deg Celsius Shuttle kiln Involved in designing of an Aluminum melting Furnace The Job Profile for all the above projects was Designing and Thermal Analysis using ANSYS of the furnaces its Structurals Bricklining and the various mechanisms associated
High operating temperature Durability Details Tunnel Kilns are designed for Continuous Operation i e the charge material shall enter the Kiln at room temperature and the exit temperature shall be between 80 o C to 110 o C The lining of the Tunnel Kiln also varies on the basis of emissions from product and Product to be fired Our Tunnel
Dist Midnapore West Bengal India 721302 72 Name of Inventor 1 MANNA Bhaskar 2 CHELLAPPAN Retna Raj 57 Abstract The present invention relates to an efficient adsorbent for the removal of mercury from water based on sulfur doped porous reduced graphene oxide
During this period 1977 1998 he introduced open fired tunnel kiln using LSD HSD as fuel for fine ceramics glost firing long lasting thin sectioned sagger kiln furniture different types of body and glaze for different temperatures colour stain for body glaze etc to minimize cost reduce rejection and improve the quality
Review – Jnana Yoga by Swami Vivekananda Review of Jnana Yoga by Swami Vivekananda Printed by Advaita Ashrama Calcutta Review by Vishwanath Iyer Swami Vivekananda 12 January 1863 – 4 July 1902 was born as Narendranath Datta in Kolkatta West Bengal India into an aristocratic family
high energy ball milling supplier in india rcmorgin high energy ball mill manufacturers in india Locate Ball Bearings USA and Worldwide Service From textile machinery to vehicles High Capacity Sample Pulveriser Ring Mill 911Metallurgist Chat With Sales high energy ball mill supplier in india high energy ball mill supplier in indiaAfter much speculation, American Idol alum Katharine McPhee seemingly confirmed she's expecting her first child with husband David Foster. You just may have missed it on her Instagram story!
On Friday, Oct. 10, the Broadway star took to Instagram to share a gift she got from the spirits company Aperol Spritz. After gushing over the gift, which included instructions on how to make the Italian cocktail, Katharine suggested that these ingredients would remain on her bar cart for quite some time.
"I won't be drinking this for a while," Katharine said subtly in the video. "Wink, wink. But I'm so excited."
Last week, Katharine and David drew speculation they are expecting after the husband and wife were spotted shopping for baby clothes. A source told E! News "Katharine has always wanted to be a mom and to have a baby with David," and that while the couple "weren't necessarily trying for a baby," they were open to it.
Katharine and David exchanged vows in June of 2019, but had a long history as friends and collaborators before they tied the knot.
"Exactly 13 years ago today my very first single, 'Somewhere Over The Rainbow,' was released right after Idol. Today... I'm marrying the man who produced it," she posted on Instagram. "Life is full of beautiful coincidences, isn't it? Thank you for taking me over the rainbow, David."
Katharine is already stepmom to David's five children, including Barely Famous stars Erin and Sara Foster.
Sara and Katharine are friends, with Sara—who is three years older than Katharine—joking about their new family relationship on Instagram.
"When your mom refuses to dress age appropriately," Sara wrote on a pic of her and the singer in bikinis on vacation.
With a new baby on the way, it seems the whole tightknit Foster family has something to look forward to.Hotel Reservations
The Crowne Plaza in Louisville, KY will once again be our headquarters hotel for the 2022 Louisville Show. With prime access to the Kentucky Exposition Center and situated just three minutes from the Louisville International Airport, the 2022 Louisville Show is proud to partner with The Crowne Plaza to serve our exhibitors and attendees.
Crowne Plaza Louisville Airport
830 Phillips Lane
Louisville, KY 40209
**An early departure fee is applicable to guests who check out prior to the agreed check-out date: the fee will be half of the room rate. Make sure you make final changes to your reservation when checking in so as to not incur an early departure fee..
Hotel Amenities
- Airport Shuttle Service (24-hour Airport Shuttle subject to availability)
- Indoor/Outdoor Pool
- Blue Horse Restaurant and Bar
(on-site)
- 24-hour Fitness Center
- Daily Housekeeping
- Dry Cleaning/Laundry Pickup (Same Day Dry Cleaning Available)
- Complimentary Wi-Fi
- Complimentary Daily Newspaper (Monday – Friday)
- Complimentary Parking
- 24-hour Business Center
- Copying
- Facsimile
- PC available
- PrinterWe’ve already had a taste of mouse-free computing. Touchscreens on our smartphones and tablets let us search the Internet, compose e-mail messages, send texts, and stream movies, all without using a mouse. So what on earth do you think this will lead us to down the road? How will we interact with our computers in the coming decades? After we ditch the mouse, what comes next?
Gesture sensing
Gesture sensing is something most gamers are familiar with. The PlayStation and Wii both use this technology. Simply by using a wireless remote you can control the game using only body movements. This technology hasn’t been perfected or widely applied to computing but think about the possibilities. Perhaps in the foreseeable future we will boot our computer by putting on a sensor bracelet and each and every little gesture we make will execute a task on our computer!
Multi-touch technology
But gesture sensing is simply one interaction innovation. There’s also multi-touch technology. Again, iPad along with other tablet users are already familiar with this. By tapping icons on their screen, they can open apps and programs. By swiping their fingers across the screen, they are able to flip to a different page on a website. By pinching pages, they can zoom on an image to make it larger.
Voice recognition
Another possibility for controlling computers is vocal recognition. This technology already exists and is quickly gaining in popularity as developers figure out the kinks. One of the most common vendors is Dragon NaturallySpeaking. Vocal recognition technology has a ways to go before it’s perfect, but technologies improve so rapidly now a days that I don’t see it being very long before voice-command functionality becomes standard in every devices.
No matter what new technologies arise or how refined the ones we spoke about get, chances are that the mouse will not disappear all together. It has served us well, and we know we can easily rely on it.PRODUCT
We know how busy family life can be when your child has extracurricular activities like sport, music and dance. With minimum one lesson a week we can cover a combination of Maths and English.
With Adnan Khan Tutoring, there is no additional travel time or frantic drop-offs and pick-ups after school as we are based locally to where you are.
It’s perfect for busy families as we take up all the hard work for you.
Adnan Khan Tutoring is an ideal way to ensure your child stays up to date with their schoolwork and national tests.
Timeline
Great Customer Service.
A free online assessment in Maths and English by a qualified teacher.
Face to face tutoring.
An individual learning programme based around agreed personal goals.
We only cover the national curriculum.
We only recruit qualified, experienced teachers.
Access to our system in the UK and from anywhere around the world.
We also use an interactive system that uses the latest technology.
Regular feedback to parents.
A reassessment every 6 weeks to check progress.
Regular reports to parents.
FACE TO FACE – LIVE TUTORING
Tutoring face to face. A programme that brings the benefits of Adnan Khan tutoring along with amazing resources and workbooks.
EDUCATIONALLY SOUND
Adnan Khan Tutoring combines our traditional successful teaching models, with the latest technology and convenience. Our resources are in line with the National Curriculum.
STUDENT ANONYMITY
Students can access additional help without embarrassment associated with falling behind or having difficulty in keeping up with their school classmates.
CONVENIENCE & ACCESS
No travel time and no more frantic drop-offs and pick-ups after school as we are based locally to you.
SAFETY AND SECURITY
All Adnan Khan tutors are qualified teachers with security screenings and Working with Children Disclosure Barring Service (DBS) checks, as well as being members of the Global Professional Tutors Association Limited.
IMPROVEMENT IN PRODUCTIVITY
Students are free from distractions and complete more tasks when in their own home, resulting in increased productivity, engagement and motivation.%0 Journal Article %A A. Moussouni and L. Mouzai and M. Bouhadef %D 2014 %J International Journal of Environmental and Ecological Engineering %B World Academy of Science, Engineering and Technology %I Open Science Index 96, 2014 %T The Effect of Raindrop Kinetic Energy on Soil Erodibility %U %V 96 %X. %P 879 - 883The novel “A Month in the Country” examined the cathartic nature of working with archaeology and heritage for First World War veterans, amongst other elements.
Since 2011 a programme within the Ministry of Defence has done just this. Operation Nightingale has now seen several hundred participants, some going to University or becoming professional archaeologists and most in a far better frame of mind than when they began.
Richard Osgood, Senior Archaeologist for the MOD Defence Infrastructure Organisation was awarded an MBE in this New Year’s Honours list for his role as co-founder of the award-winning Operation Nightingale programme for wounded, injured and sick service personnel and veterans to take part in archaeological digs on the Defence estate. This talk will look at the sites involved in the programme and discuss the achievements of some of the impressive veterans involved in the scheme.
The talk is taking place at the Bath Royal Literary and Scientific Institution, 16 Queen Square, Bath, BA1 2HN on Thursday 9 December, 7.30pm, with an admission charge of £4 for members (on display of a current BACAS membership card), and £5 for the general public. Pay on the door.SARS-CoV-2 security measures to guarantee a safety stay for all clients and the team that makes it possible.
Find out more
NEWSLETTER REGISTRATION
Would you like to receive information about promotions of our hotel and events in Lloret de Mar? Subscribe to our newsletter!. *
Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter!
You will hear from us very soon.
Best price guaranteed
Cancellation up to 24h
Exclusive rates
Exclusive family room official websiteALT1-C. We are passionate about aviation and we take inspiration from all aspects of its magnificent heritage. Our pilots' watches form the core of our collection and are lovingly engineered to be functional with finesse, whether in the hangar or heading for the clouds. Brown leather strap.
Specification
Price £4,795.00
Product code ALT1-C-CRThe non-profit Poynter Institute has just released the preliminary results of its Eyetrack 2007 study, and some of the findings may be surprising to those who think online readers merely speed through news sites.
From the Poynter article, titled ‘The Myth of Short Attention Spans’:.
The study’s overview found that:
1) The largest percentage of story text read was higher online (77%) than in broadsheet (62%) or tabloid (57%) formats.
2) Print readers are more methodical, while online readers scan more by a margin of about 25%.
3) Sidebars, lists and QandAs boost reader understanding.
4) Online readers are drawn to navigational elements and teasers. Print readers are drawn to large headlines and photos.
5) Documentary-style photos get lots of attention. Staged photos, not so much.
Poynter will be releasing a book in June with more details about the study, including the materials used. They’re also organizing a workshop for August regarding the 2007 Eyetrack study.:4 made of a woman. This phrase, “made of a woman,” may mean merely that, when God sent Him forth, the Son became part of the human family. There is, however, a strong probability that it refers to His miraculous conception and virgin birth. The word rendered “made” (Greek ginomai) is not the usual word for “born” (gennao), and was never so rendered by the King James scholars. The latter word normally refers to male procreation, although it can also refer to the actual birth process of the mother. Paul deliberately rejected this word meaning “born,” and instead used the standard word for “made,” evidently to emphasize that the human birth of Jesus was unique, different from all other human births. He was to be, in a one-time-only sense, the Seed of the woman, as promised by God in the very beginning (Genesis 3:15), not made from a male seed. In fact, His human body was specially “prepared” by God (Hebrews 10:5), so as to be born without inherent sin or genetic defects form either parent. See notes on Luke 1:31-37..”ICAM Advisory Council The Identity, Credential, and Access Management (ICAM) Advisory Council oversees, governs and coordinates ICAM related functionality and services across the DOC enterprise. It coordinates the technical, enterprise architecture, business, budgetary and research aspects of ICAM services for the DOC enterprise. It represents those interests within the DOC IT governance processes as well as overseeing interagency, intergovernmental and external coordination on ICAM related issues. It supports this oversight and coordination through analysis, reports, studies and other means conducted by the ICAM Advisory Council, designated work groups, PMO support, other headquarters support, or component support. CIO Governance Board Membership List as of November 30, 2018 Governance Board Name Program Code Bureau Code CIO Involvement Description Commerce CIO Council 006:019 00 The DOC CIO Council is to serve as a decision-making body to establish policy and to provide guidance on IT management practices which will ensure effective collaboration and bring all DOC IT into the 21st Century. Commerce IT Review Board (CITRB) 006:019 00 The DOC CIO co-chairs the CITRB along with the DOC CFO/ASA; the CITRB is part of the department’s Investment Review Process and is focused on acquisitions required to support major investments and non-major investments with life cycle costs at or above $10 Million. CITRB ensures IT investments have an acceptable IT acquisition plan, risk plan, and an acceptable business case. It provides approval or disapproval by the CIO of requests for IT Investment Authority (ITIA) and the Acquisition Plan. Commerce IT Programmatic Review 006:019 00 The DOC CIO chairs this review which is focused on the programmatic review of existing IT programs or projects. Programmatic reviews are more formal and may be attended by the entire CITRB Board membership. These reviews ensure that an IT program or project is aligned with strategic plans, supports mission requirements, complies with enterprise architecture guidance and IT policies, minimizes all project risk, and demonstrates value as defined by the stakeholders of the initiative. CIO Review 006:019 00 The DOC CIO holds a CIO Review at any time that will take place as a focused discussion among the program/project team and the DOC CIO, Bureau CIO and invited participants. The discussion focuses on a wide verity of topics to include programmatic concerns, inherent risks, or collaboration opportunities. ITR CIO Reviews are scheduled on an “as needed basis” at the request of the DOC CIO or by a program or project. Prior to review the DOC OCIO will provide specific guidance. Milestone Review Board (MRB) 006:019 00 The DOC CIO is a member of the milestone review board helps determine whether a major procurement has approval for the next acquisition phase. The CIO's MRB authority is inclusive of his IT and IT Investment Authority powers. Acquisition Review Board (ARB) 006:019 00 The DOC CIO is a voting member of the acquisition review board. All acquisitions with a lifecycle costs, of more than $75 million are reviewed by the Department ARB. For IT acquisition that meets this threshold, the ARB and CITRB convene jointly with the CIO as a co-chair in determining if the proposed procurement should be approved, with or without conditions and inclusive of the CIO's IT Investment Authority to establish the maximum delegation of procurement authority amount and duration. CIO Council Cybersecurity Services Governance Board (C3SGB) 006:019 00 The DOC, Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO), and Office of Cybersecurity (OCS) provides DOC-wide cybersecurity solutions and services to all (14) DOC operating units. While these DOC-wide cybersecurity services have individual governance and change advisory constructs, there is no regular structured way to assess priorities, and make holistic decisions with bureau input. Recognizing this gap, the DOC CIO Council commissioned a governance board to guide DOC-wide cybersecurity services. Bureaus and Offices Office of the Chief Information Officer Tags Open dataVia Galileo Ferraris 1, Bergamo, Bergamo, Italy
£13
Cheapest rate
per night
This destination can have additional per person taxes which are excluded in the prices belowThis destination can have additional per person taxes which are excluded in the prices below
Ostello di Bergamo provides a charming setting while in Bergamo. Popular features at this 1.5-star property include a roof terrace and free wireless internet.
The hostel provides a ticket ser...
In Bergamo, the average nightly rate for 3 stars hotels is 116.82. The expected nightly rate for Ostello di Bergamo is around £23; a price that is 74% cheaper than the city average. HotelsCombined considers Ostello di Bergamo to be a good deal if you’re looking to stay at a 3 stars hotel in Bergamo.
With no traffic, the 3.2 mi drive between Ostello di Bergamo and Bergamo Orio Al Serio (the nearest airport) will generally only take about 6min. If you’re staying in a metropolitan area, you may see your drive time increase due to busy roads.
Getting from Bergamo Orio Al Serio to Ostello di Bergamo can be as easy as hiring a car at the airport’s car hire desk for, on average, £87/day in Bergamo. Luckily, Ostello di Bergamo has parking on site for guests who choose this method of transportation. Rideshare apps and taxis remain a very common solution for Ostello di Bergamo guests. This is often the most cost-effective method of transportation when visiting Bergamo.
Ostello di Bergamo welcomes most household pets.
For questions regarding your hotel or your stay, call +39 035 235 622.
Yes, Ostello di Bergamo has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests.
10:00 is the check-out time at Ostello di Bergamo. Late check-out may be available, but needs to be agreed with the hotel.
Ostello di Bergamo room prices depend on your dates, room type and availability. The average price found recently is £23/night, with the best deals starting from £12/night. To see current deals, enter your dates in the form above.
There’s a laundry service at Ostello di Bergamo.Are we looking at a Hot Gap Summer this year? I hope so. Because after sifting through three years of Gap sales, I know exactly how to shop this store for ultimate savings.
Turns out Gap clothes practically live at 50% off, and if your game plan your Gap shopping trips based on their usual sales schedule, you’ll be saving like a pro in no time.
I’m here to help you with that last part, so read on for a month-by-month breakdown of the best Gap sales, plus several other tips to maximize your savings every time.
Make sure you stay on top of the latest deals and giveaways with the Krazy Coupon Lady app.
1. Hit up the biannual Great Gap Sale for the best savings.
The Great Gap Sale, around July and December, boasts 40% off all regular items. But what really makes this sale Gap’s best is the 50% savings offered on already marked down items. Gap slaps markdowns on anything that falls out of season, including jeans, dresses, button-up shirts, sweats, and tops.
On marked-down items alone — so, outside of the Great Gap Sale — I’ve found slim, GapFlex jeans for 65% off, khakis for 80% off, and knitted sweaters for 70% off. Figure in the additional 50% off of marked-down prices, and savings from this sale start to look monstrous. Like practically free.
2. Buy Gap jeans in February and Gap sweaters in the fall for 50% off.
Gap classics–such as jeans and sweaters—are put on sale around the same time each year.
Since 2018, February’s the only month where I found Gap jeans discounted as much as 50% every year. These were usually flash or holiday sales.
It’s the same case for Gap sweaters, which hit 50 – 60% off in October. These smaller sales still had massive savings on specific items, which I’ve outlined below in the next tip.
PRO TIP: When shopping online, compound your online savings with the Honey extension to ensure you stack coupon codes for days.
3. Know the Gap sales schedule to get the best deals all year.
4. Sign up for Gap emails for a 25% off coupon and flash sale notifications.
Gap’s flash sales are dangerous. These 48-hour online events happen at least once per month and boast savings on par with Gap’s Friends and Family sales. Expect a storewide 40% off code — plus a 10 – 20% off promo code — which I used to save 58% on a bomber jacket (reg. price $98) .
Here’s the rub: Flash sales are unpredictable as all get-out. The best way to know about these events is to subscribe to email updates. Signing up for emails earns you 25% off any regular-priced item, which I put toward a pair of GapFit shorts that rarely go on sale.
5. Turn your old clothes into Gap shopping credit with ThredUp.
ThredUp is an online thrift store and a recent Gap partner. Gap stores will freely provide you with a shipping label you can use to send any of your old clothes to ThredUp, who will try to sell them. If your stuff sells within 60 days (or 90 for nicer brands), you’ll receive $5 – $200 in the form of a Gap gift card.
If you don’t want to wait two or three months, then you should take advantage of Gap’s Give Back Box. Through this program Gap provides you with a shipping label you can use to donate your clothes, for which you’ll receive a tax deduction receipt.
6. Use Gap app’s barcode scanner to get price adjustments.
Gap will price match with Gap.com, which is why I don’t buy anything without scanning it through the barcode scanner in the Gap app.
I scanned with it and saved nearly 45% on a henley tee shirt that was marked in store as full price. Instead of making me pay $34.95 for a tee shirt, Gap employees matched the $16 price I got through the scanner. I also found prices on pants that were cheaper through the app than they were in store, even though they were already on sale for 30% off at my local store.
PRO TIP: The barcode scanner pulls up any applicable promo code to an item, so check with your store clerk to see if you can add that code to your in-store purchase.
7. Stack Daily Deals with promo codes in the Gap app.
The app gives you easy access to daily deals through the “Sale” tab, which has hundreds of marked-down items sorted by department. Gap’s app also shows which items are eligible for extra savings by listing promo codes next to each eligible item.
Online and through the app, Gap allows a maximum of five promotion codes and/or rewards to be used on a single purchase.
The sale items vary, but you can usually count on finding deals on Gap classics. Think:
- Jeans, which I found for at least 40% off for men and women
- Sweaters, which were on sale for as much as 75% off
- Dresses at nearly 50% off
8. Combine items online from Gap, Banana Republic, Old Navy, and Athleta to get free shipping.
Gap’s standard shipping is $7, but it’s waived whenever your online order exceeds $50. Each sister brand has its own tab at the top of Gap’s website, and your shopping cart will automatically add items selected from each store.
Seasonal sales across Gap, Old Navy, and Banana Republic often overlap, so take advantage of that and do your shopping during one of the seasonal sales outlined above.
9. Open a GapCard, score 20% off, and then leave it in the dust.
The GapCard isn’t really worth your time in the long run, but you can easily game Gap’s system for one-time savings. When you sign up for the GapCard, you receive 20% off your first purchase. That’s 20% off of the final price — with none of the restrictions you’d find with the 25%-off email promotion.
You can apply online for the GapCard, too. Do that, and be sure to make your first purchase within 30 days of your approval. You’ll enjoy the same 20% off plus free shipping. The icing on the cake? This reward stacks with any promo code.
Here’s what you do:
- Pay off your card within 24 – 48 hours after your first purchase. This ensures you won’t pay interest on the purchase.
- Don’t use the card ever again. After six months of inactivity, the issuing bank will cancel the card.
PRO TIP: You can use your 20% off code across Gap’s sister brands, too. Remember this when you’re pooling Gap, Banana Republic, Old Navy, and Athleta items for free shipping.
10. Save 10% when you buy a Gap discount gift card from stores in December.
Shop secondhand gift cards and save an extra 10 – 20% plus they’re great for stacking. Gap has sold eGift cards for 10% off in previous years in December, which is an easy way to make sure future-you adds to those savings down the road.
You can also browse the selection at Raise.com and look for the greatest discount. I recently purchased a $25 Gap gift card for $19.53 (21% savings) and added it to an online purchase where I got a $98 bomber jacket for only $8.11.
Automatic 40% off applied with code GAPDAYS
Use code FLASH for 20% off
Free shipping on orders of $50+
Use GapCard reward code for 20% off
Use $25 Gap eGift card from Raise
Final Price: $8.11
Compare to $80 at Kohl’s
11. Slash your final bill into four, interest-free installments with Afterpay.
This is only available to online shoppers, but it’s an easy way to save by spreading your payments out over a four-week period. Through Afterpay, you can spread out paying your bill over four interest-free payments that are automatically taken out every two weeks.
I used it and paid four $15.94 installments on jeans, instead of making one payment of $63.75. All I did was click on the Afterpay button located in the “Payment Method” section of Gap’s checkout screen. You’ll need to fill out a few basic bits of info (name, email, phone number, and address) before entering in your card information — then you’re good to go.
12. Earn and redeem points across Gap, Old Navy, Banana Republic, and Athleta brands with the One Membership rewards program.
Gap Good Rewards members and GAP, early access to promotions, and a birthday surprise.
Enthusiast: Spend $500 to $999 annually (or as a cardmember) you get all the benefits of the Core tier plus GapCash to points as well.
13. Shop in the kids’ section, if you’re a size 0 – 8, for lucrative savings.
Gap often reproduces basic items, like khakis, T’s, and denim jackets in kid sizes, which are significantly cheaper.
You can buy boys’ sizes up to XXXL, which mimics a women’s 8. Girls’ sizes go up to 16, which mimic women’s sizes 6 or 8.
A quick online price check will tell you that women’s flat front khakis run up to $80+ a pair. The most expensive boys’ khakis average around $40 – $45. That’s a steal.
NOTE: According to the size chart, adult sizes tend to be a half inch wider in the waist. You should still try on the corresponding kids’ size item, since measurements and proportions aren’t always exact. If your exact size in kids’ is a bit small, then size up.
If you want to do some more research yourself, you can compare sizes by viewing the Gap size charts.
14. Skip any sale offering only $25 off men’s and women’s jeans.
The savings don’t add up to anything worth your time. Better ways to save on jeans include:
-% off full price, huge.
15. Brave the crowds and enjoy 50% off markdowns at Gap’s Black Friday sale.
Gap’s Black Friday sale starts the Monday of Thanksgiving week, and that’s exactly when you should hit it. The sale is simple: 50% off of everything, plus an extra 10% off when you shop online and use the accompanying promo code.
Your best savings will be found physically inside Gap stores on marked-down items. Here’s what these deals have looked like in previous years:
Automatic 50% off
Use GAPCYBER for 10% off and Free shipping
Final Price: $11.25
Free shipping with $50+ purchase
Final Price: $20
16. Snag in-season items 40 – 60% off at Gap’s Friends and Family events.
These events hit in March, May, August, and November each year going back to 2018.
I think of Friends and Family sales as a good opportunity to buy in-season jeans and sweaters, which are included in the storewide 40% off and stackable with a 10% off promo code. Use the barcode scanner on the app to apply those same codes to in-store purchases.
17. Don’t count on price adjustments from Gap unless you paid full price.
Honestly, kudos to you for finding Gap apparel that was full price. Your reward is qualifying for a one-time price adjustment on items that have been marked down within 14 days of your purchase. Not all employees know this policy, though, so be prepared to show them.
18. Use Gap’s Military Discount for an additional 10% off your final purchase.
Think of the military discount like a 10% boost on top of whatever other promotions or coupons you’ve applied to your purchase. (Yes, you can stack this.) Make sure to bring your military ID in order to get the discount, which you can only get in store.
19. Gap stores are dog friendly.
This tip won’t save you money, but it will be very cute. Plus this hopefully boosts the chances that I’ll see a good dog when I shop at Gap, which is hugely important. The fact of the matter is, this should’ve been the first tip.
Did we miss anything? Let us know in the comments. Thanks for reading.The Environmental Chemistry and Life Interactions Unit (UCEIV) is a multidisciplinary unit that develops fundamental and applied research in the fields of the environment, sustainable development and energy. Its research themes concern the detection and characterisation of air and soil contaminants, the evaluation of their effects on the environment and living organisms, the proposal of remediation methods and the valorisation of bio-resources. These contributions are part of the three research themes of the UCEIV:
- Effects of pollutants on living organisms
- Biological and chemical Remediation
- Valorisation of biomass
UCEIV gathers researchers from several scientific disciplines: Chemistry, Toxicology, Biochemistry and Plant Biology. The Unit is organized into four main research teams.
UCEIV is located on two of the four sites of the ULCO :
- Buildings MREI1, MREI2 and IRENE on Dunkerque
- Building F on Calais
UCEIV is organized into four teams :
The originality of UCEIV comes from the fact that it is one of the rare French laboratories possessing these complementary disciplinary skills, enabling it to reach environmental problems in a transversal way. This characteristic is a strength and added value for UCEIV. In particular, it has acquired recognition in the following areas:
- Characterization of particulate air pollutants and assessment of their toxicity.
- Complexing and detection of organic and inorganic compounds by cage molecules.
- Degradation of organic pollutants in aqueous media by Fenton reaction.
- Biodegradation of organic pollutants (POPs, PAHs) in soils in the presence of fungi.
- Biological activity of plant defense stimulators.
- Treatment (disposal, recovery) of gaseous compounds at source by catalytic processes.
Laboratory Identity
Name: Unit of Environmental Chemistry and Interactions with Living Organisms, UCEIV,
Research Unit, EA 4492
Adress :
Dunkerque site
145-189A, Avenue Maurice Schumann
59140 Dunkerque
Calais site
50, Rue Ferdinand Buisson
62228 Calais
Authorities: Université du Littoral Côte d’Opale
French Ministry of Higher Education and Research
Creation date : 01/01/2010
Head : Stéphane SIFFERT
Tel : 03.28.65.82.56
Staff (June 2018) : 65 members, among them 26 teacher-researchers (9 PR, 17 MCF, 15 HDR), 9 engineers, technical and administrative staff, 6 post-doctoral researchers, 24 PhD students.
Doctoral School affiliation: Sciences of Matter, Radiation and Environment, SMRE ED 104
UCEIV is involved in the following Higher Education training :
- « Expertise et Traitement en Environnement » Master, ULCO
- « Analyse Chimique, Contrôle Industriel, Environnement » Master, ULCO
- Ecole d’Ingénieurs du Littoral Côte d’Opale, EILCO
Historical background : UCEIV was created through the merger of three laboratories:
- Catalysis and Environment Laboratory, LCE (Head: A. Aboukaïs)
- Organic Synthesis and Environment Laboratory, LSOE (Head : G. Surpateanu, then S. Fourmentin)
- Mycology, Phytopathology, Environment Laboratory : LMPE (Directeur : R. Durand, then Ph. Reignault)
UCEIV has been headed by Pirouz Shirali between 2010 and 2013, then by Dominique Courcot from 2013 to 2019, and finally by Stéphane Siffert since January 2020.
Indicators 2013-2018 :
- 183 publications of rank A, including 112 in national collaboration and 110 in international collaboration
- No. of ACL/ETPT rech/year: 3.45
- 19 book chapters, 9 journals, 9 technical articles
- 195 national and international oral communications, including invitations
- More than 5700 quotations from our work
- 33 doctoral theses defended and 4 Habilitations à Diriger les Recherches (HDR)
- 3 patent applications.
- 5 Public-Private Partnership (PPP) projects, including 1 FUI project.
- Research programs :
- Haut-de-france Region
- National agencies and organizations (ADEME, ANSES, INSERM, ANR)
- European projects (INTERREG V)
- International cooperation programmes (CHP, CAPES Cofecub, bilateral projects)
- CPER: Alibiotech, Climibio and IRENE Platform
Indicators 2008-2013 :
- 177 scientific publications, 99 of them as part of international cooperation and 72 of them as part of national cooperation
- Publications/researcher/year: 2,81
- 10 book chapters
- 120 oral communications (national et international), 54 of them as invited speaker
- More than 4000 citations of our research publications
- 32 PhD and 5 Habilitations to Supervise Research (HDR)
- 5 projects with industrial partners
- Research Programs :
- Nord-Pas-de-Calais Region (4)
- National Agencies and Organisms (AFSSET, INCa, ADEME, INSERM, FSOV) (7)
- European Projects ( PCRD 7, INTERREG IV) (3)
- International cooperation projects (PHC, MAE) (3)
Scientific cooperation with 25 French laboratories and 30 laboratories established in North America, Africa, Asia and Europe.The best games like Team Fortress 2 are:
- arrow_rightLoadout
- arrow_rightTom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2
- arrow_rightDirty Bomb
- arrow_rightTable Top Racing: World Tour
- arrow_rightDay of Defeat
- arrow_rightTom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent
- arrow_rightMarvel Ultimate Alliance
- arrow_rightSPINTIRES
100 Best Games Like Team Fortress 2:
Filter by Platform Select a Platformarrow_drop_down
- PC (100)
- Xbox One (36)
- PlayStation 4 (57)
- iOS (42)
- Android (31)
- macOS (92)
- Linux (58)
- Nintendo Switch (25)
- Nintendo 3DS (5)
- Nintendo DS (9)
- Xbox 360 (70)
- Xbox (22)
- PlayStation 3 (86)
- PlayStation 2 (45)
- PlayStation (6)
- PS Vita (12)
- PSP (13)
- Wii U (7)
- Wii (32)
- GameCube (12)
- Nintendo 64 (1)
- Game Boy Advance (8)
- Game Boy Color (1)
- Game Boy (1)
- SNES (1)
- NES (1)
- Classic Macintosh (2)
- Genesis (1)
- SEGA Saturn (1)
- Dreamcast (1)
1.
5. Day of Defeat.
Categories in common with Day of Defeat: Action
Platform: PC | macOS | Linux
6.
8.
9.
10. EARTH DEFENSE FORCE 4.1 The Shadow of New Despair
Categories in common with EARTH DEFENSE FORCE 4.1 The Shadow of New Despair: Action
Platform: PC | PlayStation 4
11.
13. The Culling
IMPORTANT NOTICE The Cullings servers will be shut down on May 15, 2019. This means online matches, the culling store, and all online features will no longer be available.
Welcome to The Culling. As a contestant on this deadly game show.
Features at Early Access LaunchGame.
The new, fast-paced Lightning Round mode pits 8 contestants against each other in a smaller arena with a 10-minute timer, where everyone has immediate access to some of the most powerful weapons in the game.
With no respawning on death, you have to make every action count. Play too cautiously and you won’t be prepared for the final clash at the end of the match, too aggressively and you might not make it past the first few minutes. We leave the balance, and the killing, up to you.Weapons and CombatThe Culling focuses heavily on melee combat. Use jabs, charged swings, blocks, and shoves in a system that’s simple learn, but requires practice to truly master.
There are 32 melee weapons in the form of blades, axes, bludgeons, and spear. backstab potential of your blades) more.MapsThe Culling features two maps: The Island, set in a tropical paradise, and Cul County Correctional, a former prison facility converted to game show duty. The maps have been carefully tuned to provide just enough space for 16 contestants, but also to ensure than no one is safe for long. They.
Categories in common with The Culling: Action | Indie
Platform: PC | Xbox One | Linux
14.
15.
16.
17. Randal's Monday
-
Categories in common with Randal's Monday: Adventure | Puzzle | Indie
Platform: PC | PlayStation 4 | iOS | macOS
18. RWBY: Grimm Eclipse
- Horde Mode featuring 3 unique maps focused on intense co-op action, strategy, and defense turrets. Protect security nodes and survive waves of Grimm!
Categories in common with RWBY: Grimm Eclipse: Adventure | Action | Indie
Platform: PC | Xbox One | PlayStation 4 | macOS
19.Developed with help from members of the Special Operations Forces community, Breach & Clear features actual close-quarters combat tactics and a variety of door-breaching techniques. Soldiers equip real-world weapons and gear. Firefights take place in real time.
Categories in common with Breach & Clear: Action | Role Playing | Strategy | Simulation
Platform: PC | iOS | Android | macOS | Linux | PS Vita
20. Ion Furyled
Categories in common with Ion Fury: Action | Indie
Platform: PC | Xbox One | PlayStation 4 | Linux | Nintendo Switch
21. Murder Miners
Murder Miners is an indie multiplayer first-person shooter developed by JForce Games.
Gameplay
Being a multiplayer shooter, the game features no plot whatsoever. Murder Miners is heavily inspired by both Minecraft and Halo series of games. The game inherited the art style from Minecraft, while the core gameplay mechanics were taken from Halo.
Murder Miners offers the players to engage in a selection of competitive game modes set in a completely destructible and interactive environment.
The developers focused on the competitive side of things, hence why the game features wall-jumping, unlimited sprint, alt-fire modes and so on. This results in fast-paced, Quake-like movement and Halo-like gunplay. At the beginning of the match, the players can choose any weapon present in the game starting with a 3-hit-kill pistol, an energy sword, and ending with a deadly sniper rifle.
Plenty of game modes are present in the game. The regular competitive modes, such as Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, Capture The Point, and Capture The Flag are featured alongside with a completely unique Infection mode, where the players try to avoid becoming a zombie from a bite by another player, and a cooperative mode.
The game comes bundled with an in-game editor, which allows for the creation of custom maps. It is easy to upload the map for the other members of the community, hence why the game has one of the widest map variety in the genre.
Categories in common with Murder Miners: Action | Indie
Platform: PC | macOS | Linux
22.
23.
24.
25. Starlink: Battle for Atlas
Starlink: Battle for Atlas is a space opera game set in the distant future that allows the player to explore the Atlas system.
Plot
Starlink takes place in the Atlas star system. The protagonist is a crew member on an exploration ship. The main villain of the game is Grax, the leader of an evil organization called The Forgotten Legion. He is searching for technological artifacts left by the lost civilization of The Wardens to use for his conquests. His minions attack the main character's starship and capture its captain. The protagonist has to land on the nearest planet. From there, he or she begins a journey to gather a new team and face The Forgotten Legion.
Gameplay
The player assumes control over a small starship and navigates it across the Atlas system and its planets. The system is an open world free for exploration. The game features a seamless transition between outer space and planets. On each planet, the player encounters various aliens, and either fights them or recruits as allies and crew members. Starlink also includes a split-screen cooperative multiplayer mode.
The game also features a toys-to-life mechanic that allows players to unlock new ships and other features of the game by purchasing physical Starlink toys.
Characters
Starlink: Battle for Atlas features a roster of eight playable pilots. Nintendo Switch version of the game also exclusively features Fox McCloud, the main protagonist of the Star Fox game series.
Categories in common with Starlink: Battle for Atlas: Adventure | Action
Platform: PC | Xbox One | PlayStation 4 | Nintendo Switch
26. Hide and Shriek
It`s Halloween and the students of magic at Little Springs High and Innsmouth Academy are about to honor an ancient tradition: sneaking into school after midnight, turning themselves invisible, and scaring the living hell out of each other!!
Categories in common with Hide and Shriek: Action
27. Bloody Good Time.
Categories in common with Bloody Good Time: Action | Shooter
28.
29. Deathgarden
ENTER A SPECTACULAR DYSTOPIAN BLOOD SPORT, preventing them from escaping The Garden.
Deathgarden pits individual cunning against strategy and teamwork–a lone but lethal Hunter against a team of dextrous Runners. Both sides must prove their skills and take control of the procedurally-generated Garden..
Categories in common with Deathgarden: Action | Shooter
Platform: PC | Xbox One | PlayStation 4
30.
31.
32.!
Multiplayer for up to 4 players is supported.
Sever! Pierce! Crush! -Targeted Destruction System-
Some of the Oni players will encounter are many times the size of a human. Defeating these require more than simply attacking. Players must sever a part from the Oni's body, pierce it, and then crush it in order to destroy it. The appropriate use of blade or bow, and cooperation between friendly Slayers is the only way to successfully defeat an Oni!
Spirits of Heroes of Japan's Past (Mitama)
When Oni are beaten, they release captured spirits called Mitama. These Mitama can take residence in weapons and aid the Slayer unlock certain special powers for use against the Oni. There are a wide variety of powers and players can enjoy creating their own original equipment. Also, each of these 300 Mitama from across time come with a special illustration and voice, making them fun to collect.
An Original World painted in Japanese history
The story is set in a world set apart in time and space by the power of the Oni. The player starts as a rookie Slayer in a Slayer village called Utakata and fights the Oni in areas that display characteristics of time periods ranging from ancient days to the early Shogunate.
Friends and Allies
There to show this new rookie around are the veterans Slayers of the Utakata village. These warriors, including Ouka, a swordswoman with no equal in the organization, will guide and train the player as together they battle the Oni and save the human race.
* The images are from an in-development build and may differ from the final version.
Categories in common with Toukiden: Kiwami: Action | Role Playing
Platform: PC | PlayStation 4 | PS Vita
33. Ultimate Arena
Many will enter, one will win..
34.
35.
36. AXYOS.
We are set to leave the Early Access program and get to full release as soon as it is possible!
Categories in common with AXYOS: Action | Indie | Massively Multiplayer
37. Full Spectrum Warrior.
Categories in common with Full Spectrum Warrior: Action | Strategy | Simulation
38.
39.?
Categories in common with Party of Sin: Adventure | Action | Indie
40.
41..
Categories in common with Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon: Action | Shooter
Platform: PC | PlayStation 3
42. Shattered Horizon
Now
-
Categories in common with Shattered Horizon: Action | Indie | Shooter
43. Guns of Boom
!
Categories in common with Guns of Boom: Action | Shooter
44.).
Categories in common with Battle of Empires: 1914-1918: Action | Strategy
Platform: PC | macOS | Linux
45. PAKO 2
"Get in, get out, get paid." action
- Pick up crew members and transport them into destinations
- Partial 2-player support: Player2 can shoot while Player1 drives
- Handcrafted levels full of detail
- Upgradeable cars with skill points
- Various guns and special perk items
- Survival challenges
- Bonus tasks to achieve
- Pumping soundtrack by DKSTR
- Leaderboards to compete
- Achievements
Categories in common with PAKO 2: Action | Arcade | Casual | Racing
Platform: PC | iOS | Android | macOS
46. Subsistence
Subsistence is a sandbox, first person, sandbox experience (the multiplayer component is in development)
*:.
Categories in common with Subsistence: Adventure | Action | Simulation
47. truth be told, he tends to go overboard! The longer you listen to him, the stranger those events become to look like. Suddenly you'll be surrounded by large armies of unbelievable enemies! Dark humor, steampunk and cowboys – this is the world of GUNS`N`STORIES.
Features:
- Be prepared for drastic changes of events. The plot unfolds so rapidly that you can fail at any time!
- Win battles against extremely deft opponents, put together intricate memories to form the complete picture of those days.
- Sintown is full of dangers, and only your courage coupled with a powerful weapon will allow you to survive!
- Keep practicing with your firearms in order to become the best gunslinger in town. Check out your results to see how good you are.
- HTC Vive, Oculus Rift compatible
Categories in common with Guns'n'Stories: Preface VR: Adventure | Action | Indie
48.
49. Out of Ammo
Out of Ammo is an intense virtual reality strategy game for the HTC Vive
Important: Requires room-scale. You must have an HTC Vive or an Oculus with Touch Controllers.! Full physics applied to game objects further enhances your experience allowing you to position your magazines in the space around you ready for when you need to reload.Unit Types
- Rifleman - Thirty round fully-automatic rifle with manual magazine reload
- Sniper - Semi-automatic bolt action long distance rifle with scope
- Rocketeer - Single-shot re-loadable rocket-propelled grenade launcher
- Medic - Heals troops but can shoot with a pistol when controlled
- Engineer - Constructs and repairs fortifications, can shoot with a pump-action shotgun when controlled?
Categories in common with Out of Ammo: Action | Strategy | Indie
Platform: PC | PlayStation 4
50. BRAWL
Brawl is a game about intense action with super realistic physics. You have to lead your gang to victory in a crime-infected town.
You have to improve your fighting skills continuously, learn to block attacks, punch or kick with the correct timing. Watch your health and energy state. You can pick up fainted opponents/friends and use guns.
Features :
- Intense action
- Fluid animation
- 6 different scenes
- Responsive controls
- Dozens of buddies and enemies
Categories in common with BRAWL: Action | Indie
Platform: PC | PlayStation 4 | macOS | Linux | Nintendo Switch
TagColorado State point guard transfers to NMSU
LAS CRUCES - Head coach Brooke Atkinson and New Mexico State women’s basketball announced the signing of Colorado State transfer Irene Grace Colaivalu on Thursday.
“Grace is a dynamic, pass-first guard who is going to be able to fill multiple positions for us,” Atkinson said. “She’s a play-maker with great floor vision and a big personality that will make her a fan favorite!”
The Sacramento, Calif., native attended Rosemont High School where she holds career records for points, steals, assists, rebounds and blocks. She also led Rosemont to a league championship in 2015-16.
After high school, the 5-7 guard signed with Colorado State where she redshirted the 2016-17 season before a breakout 2017-18 season. The 2017-18 season saw Colaivalu earn Mountain West All-Freshman honors after averaging 7.3 points per game, fourth on the squad. She dropped 26 points against Boise State in her first-career Mountain West game on Dec. 28 before scoring a career-high 29 points in a win at San Diego State on Jan. 3.
As a redshirt sophomore, she averaged 6.5 points, 3.7 rebounds and led the team in assists with 4.7 per game. The transfer posted four double-digit scoring games including a 20-point outing against Utah State on Jan. 19. A high-level distributer, Colaivalu posted eight games with seven or more assists including dishing out a career-high 12 versus Chadron State on Dec. 29.
Colaivalu will sit out the 2019-20 season due to NCAA transfer rules before joining the NM State rotation for the 2020-2021 season.
More:NMSU's Brooke Salas wins Player of the Year; Brooke Atkinson wins Coach of the YearChargemaster, the UK’s largest provider of electric vehicle charging infrastructure, will install 150 new charging points across Lancashire, following a successful bid by Lancashire County Council.”
Chargemaster will provide 18 of its Ultracharge rapid chargers and 66 dual-socket fast chargers, for use with a standard Type 2 public charging cable.
The first charging points will be installed in early 2018 and will be operated on POLAR, the UK’s largest EV charging network, which already has over 5,500 charging points nationwide.In the highlands of Papua New Guinea, during the pre colonial days, our ancestors used some form of communication to send messages to each other. These form of communications were, sending smoke signals and reflecting shiny pieces of objects to send messages of birth, death, meetings, and other significant events from villages to villages or from persons to persons. Below is the form of poem I like. Thanks for reading and the likes. 😊💖
smoke signal
mountain to mountain
message sent
#shortstory#haiku#micropoetry#PapuaNewGuinea