Summary of Recommendations for the Eleventh Session
I. Reflections on the International Criminal Court at the Tenth Anniversary of the Rome Statute’s Entry into Force
A. Increased Political Support to the ICC
B. Strengthening the Court’s Impact in Affected Communities
II. Election of the Deputy Prosecutor
A. Positive Evolution in Assembly Practices on Cooperation
1. Intersessional Expert Seminars
2. Implementation of Non-Cooperation Procedures
3. Plenary Cooperation Discussion
1. Need for Tailored Arrest Efforts
2. Creative Use of Diplomacy
4. Domestic Procedures and Implementing Legislation
Summary of Recommendations for the Eleventh Session
In their statements during the General Debate and other relevant Assembly discussions, states parties should:
- Affirm their commitment to the mission and mandate of the International Criminal Court ;
- Commit to continue the evolving dialogue with the United Nations Security Council to strengthen Council practices on court referrals; and
- Support meaningful victim participation, outreach, field presence, the Trust Fund for Victims and attention to the court’s legacy as elements of the court’s work that are particularly relevant to impact among affected communities.
With regard to the plenary discussion on cooperation, states parties should:
- Contribute actively by coming prepared to share lessons learned and best practices on the themes identified for debate;
- Draw on the 2007 Bureau report on cooperation and its 66 recommendations for enhancing state cooperation;
- Underscore the obligation of ICC states parties to cooperate fully with the court, including in carrying out arrests, and commit to assisting one another in providing full cooperation even under difficult circumstances;
- Evaluate whether the court has sufficient capacity to support arrest efforts; and
- Commit to adopting policies at the national level to strengthen the prevention of and response to non-cooperation and to avoid contacts with those wanted for arrest by the ICC.
With regard to the plenary discussion oncomplementarity, states parties should:
- Send high-level representatives, including officials of development agencies or ministries, to participate in the debate;
- Send a clear message regarding the importance of national justice for atrocity crimes and a long-term commitment to its realization;
- Commit to further mainstreaming the importance of accountability initiatives with diplomatic and development staff on the ground;
- Assembly of States Parties, including by calling on the focal points to convene meetings under the auspices of the existing working groups in The Hague and in New York on specific topics relating to complementarity.
With regard to the election of the ICC deputy prosecutor, states parties should:
- Put aside narrow interests and vote only for the most highly qualified candidate, giving priority to (1) demonstrated experience of professional excellence in complex criminal cases; (2) demonstrated ability to act with independence and impartiality in the exercise of professional duties; (3) a proven track-record of professional excellence in institutional management; and (4) demonstrated experience in working with other bodies or agencies to effectively achieve a common goal.
With regard to the omnibus resolution, the Assembly should:
- Express its political commitment through strengthened language to meaningful victim participation, outreach, the Trust Fund for Victims, field presence and attention to the court’s legacy as elements of the court’s work that are particularly relevant to impact among affected communities.
With regard to a stand-alone resolution on cooperation, the Assembly should:
- Reflect outcomes and recommendations of the plenary discussion on cooperation, including by taking note of any moderator’son measures necessary to enhance cooperation with the court, including through the organization of additional intersessional seminars;
- Request the cooperation facilitator to develop proposals in consultation with states parties for an intersessional working group on cooperation with a view toward establishing the working group at the Assembly’s 12th session; and
- Make cooperation a standing agenda item for future Assembly sessions.
With regard to a stand-alone resolution on complementarity, the Assembly should:
- Reflect outcomes and recommendations of the plenary discussion on complementarity, including by taking note of any moderator’s summary issued, in order to provide an additional reference point for future efforts;
- Include language regarding the importance of strengthening willingness alongside capability; and
- Acknowledge the link between complementarity efforts and the court’s exit strategies and long-term impact or legacy in ICC situation countries.
With regard to adoption of a 2013 budget for the International Criminal Court, states parties should:
- Express concern for the court’s ability to have real impact in affected communities and insist that this concern provide one benchmark against which the adequacy of the resources provided to the court is measured.
With regard to any discussions on implementation of Assembly procedures to respond to non-cooperation, the Assembly should:
- Mandate the Bureau to provide a further report to reach a common menu of other measures available to the ASP, including securing guarantees of non-repetition and the suspension of ASP voting rights.
I. Reflections on the International Criminal Court at the Tenth Anniversary of the Rome Statute’s Entry into Force
It has been ten years since the entry into force of the Rome Statute, the treaty of the International Criminal Court. In July 2002—far quicker than had been anticipated and only four years after the treaty’s adoption in Rome—the ICC’s 60th member country ratified the treaty, paving the way for the court to get down to work adjudicating crimes of genocide, war crimes, and crimes against humanity. A decade on, the treaty’s membership has more than doubled, with 121 member countries. Its second prosecutor, Fatou Bensouda from The Gambia, took office in June 2012, inheriting a sizeable caseload of investigations in seven countries. Even as the ICC’s reach remains too limited—the United States, China, and Russia have remained outside the system and have used their influence to shield allies from the court’s jurisdiction—for many communities affected by mass atrocities, “The Hague” has increasingly come to represent the last, best hope for justice.
This is an achievement worth celebrating, and this anniversary year has been fittingly marked by conferences, seminars and workshops.The most fitting tribute, of course, is renewed commitment to the mission of the ICC and to seeing the effective implementation of its mandate in practice. The court’s first decade has not been an easy one, and it has, at times, disappointed expectations of the world’s first permanent criminal court. It is also facing challenges not present at its founding, in particular, global economic conditions that are reducing the priority and resources afforded to international justice. This will likely place new obstacles in the court’s way as it seeks to improve its performance while more fully realizing its mandate.
As the court enters its second decade, therefore, each component of the Rome Statute system—including court officials and staff, states parties, and the Assembly of States Parties (ASP)—will need to heighten their efforts to ensure that the ICC can meet its founders’ aspirations.At the Assembly of States Parties session scheduled for The Hague from November 14 to 22, 2012, ICC member countries will participate in a General Debate organized around the theme of “Tenth anniversary of the entry into force of the Rome Statute: the challenges ahead.” Human Rights Watch notes below two challenges that should attract discussion in the General Debate and the attention of states parties well beyond the Assembly session: (1) increasing political support for the ICC and (2) strengthening the court’s impact in affected communities.
The addition of plenary discussions on cooperation and complementarity to the ASP’s agenda are welcome: cooperation and complementarity are both critical areas in which increased efforts will be necessary to support the ICC and the broader fight against impunity. We address in more detail cooperation and complementarity, as well as the election of the next ICC deputy prosecutor, which will take place during the Assembly session, in the balance of this memorandum.[1]
A. Increased Political Support to the ICC
In spite of its growing membership and the commitment of many states parties, the consistent public and diplomatic support necessary for the court to carry out its judicial mandate without interference has not fully materialized. Instead, this support has tended to come and go, dragged along in the inconstant tides of global politics. States parties have not yet fully integrated execution of their obligations to the ICC alongside other important, but different, diplomatic or economic policy objectives. President Omar al-Bashir of Sudan—wanted by the ICC—and his allies within the African Union have persisted in attempts to ratchet up opposition to the court, including by trading on legitimate dissatisfaction with the still-too-limited reach of international justice. In some respects, they have taken up from where the United States—which has encouragingly warmed its relations with the court—left off during the second George W. Bush administration.
The United Nations Security Council has offered weak support to the court, referring situations for investigation only to then provide limited backing to secure cooperation and arrests in the resulting cases. There are important efforts to change this, including a first-ever debate convened under the Council presidency of the newest ICC member country, Guatemala, on the relationship between the ICC and the Council. Improving this relationship and securing more consistent support from the Council to the court will require intensified attention.[2]
There was perhaps no greater sign of the court’s vulnerability this year than the detention by a Libyan militia of four ICC staff members in June 2012. The four—held in the western town of Zintan—were on official court business and their detention had no legal basis. Libya’s central authorities publicly defended the actions of the militia, while the ICC issued a near-apology to secure their release.
After 10 years states parties and other international partners are still struggling and—too often—falling short in operationalizing, among the key priorities of their administrations, the support the court needs to succeed. This shortcoming may be linked to state party frustrations over the performance failures at the court, discussed further below. Whatever the causes, it undermines the institution these same states have created. The ICC still remains too new and too fragile for states parties to let up in expressing and implementing this constant commitment. It is, after all, only 20 years since the creation of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia and the modern start of international justice’s hugely ambitious project to end impunity for mass atrocity.
While the ICC’s existence as a permanent institution, its growing membership, and its increased operationalization stand as a bulwark against a return to antipathy and license in the face of serious international crimes, neither the norm of accountability nor the court itself have advanced so far that its supporters can rest easy. For the court to be increasingly capable of taking on important but politically unpopular cases, to secure arrests, and to have its independence respected, the ICC will need increased rather than lessened expressions of political commitment—whether at the upcoming ASP session, in strategic forums such as the UN Security Council and regional organizations, or in bilateral contacts—and the implementation of that political commitment in practice.
The General Debate at the ASP remains an important forum for advancing political support to the court, particularly when statements are delivered by high-ranking officials. ICC states parties should use General Debate statements and statements during the plenary discussion on cooperation to:
- Affirm their commitment to the mission and mandate of the; and
- Commit to continue the evolving dialogue with the UN Security Council to strengthen Council practices on court referrals.
B. Strengthening the Court’s Impact in Affected Communities
To say that the modern project of international justice is new and the ICC even newer is not to excuse shortcomings in the court’s development over the last decade. The ICC is not yet as far along in implementing its mission and mandate in the fight against impunity as it should be.
Some of these shortcomings have attracted considerable attention.
Widely faulted for its slow pace of proceedings—only one case has yet to reach a verdict, although a verdict is expected in a second case before the end of the year, one other trial is ongoing, and three cases are teed up for trial—court officials now show more serious signs of taking steps to improve performance. Following discussions this year in the context of the Assembly’s Study Group on Governance, a “Working Group on Lessons Learnt,” composed of judges, will develop recommendations to states parties to amend the court’s rules of procedure and evidence. The emphasis will be on expediting proceedings, while preserving fair trial and other rights within the Rome Statute.[3]It is not clear yet whether this will lead to real change but the attention to this issue is welcome.
Aspects of the policy of Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the first ICC prosecutor, tended to exacerbate rather than ameliorate accusations of bias and politicization in the court’s work, for example, through charging strategies that too often appeared to favor one side or the other to a conflict.[4]The newly inaugurated prosecutor, Fatou Bensouda, has emphasized her view that “justice, real justice, is not a pick-and-choose system. To be effective, to be just and to be a real deterrent, the Office of the Prosecutor’s activities and decisions will continue to be based solely on the law and the evidence.”[5]
But less often discussed in this tenth anniversary year is whether the ICC is living up to a key aspiration at its founding, namely, whether it is equipped to deliver justice with a real impact in affected communities.
The ICC holds out the possibility of improving the operation of international justice. It benefits from innovative provisions in the Rome Statute and from the experiences of those tribunals that had come before it, which were often criticized for remaining too far removed from the victim communities they were set up to serve. Moving international justice forward at the ICC should encompass not only the highest standards of judicial administration, respect for fair trial rights, and progress in the development of international criminal law, but also a real and operative concern to place affected communities at the heart of the court’s work.
This is a vision of the court that has yet to be realized, however. In fact, if anything it appears that the ICC and its states parties over time may be settling for a much more reductive view of its mandate.
Rather than develop robust field offices to support the court’s activities, the court has had to shuffle staff among countries to stretch activities like outreach to new situations.[6]The court’s Trust Fund for Victims is currently implementing its assistance mandate in only two of seven country situations, Uganda and Democratic Republic of Congo.[7]In addition to creating perceptions of bias, the first prosecutor’s approach, referenced above, did not always prioritize the experience of affected communities, in that the cases selected have not always corresponded with underlying patterns of the most serious crimes or named those individuals widely thought to be among those most responsible for these crimes. This has left the potential for real gaps in the court’s ability to deliver meaningful justice.[8]
There also have been long-standing problems in giving effect to the Rome Statute-guaranteed right of victims to participate in proceedings before the court. These problems have ranged from backlogs in processing victim applications to ensuring adequate resources for victims’ counsel to provide meaningful representation of their clients,[9]and these challenges are likely to increase as a growing number of victims seek to access their rights before the court. The Working Group on Lessons Learnt has identified several aspects of victim participation as a subject for further study.[10]
These and other gaps in the court’s implementation of its mandate in a manner that gives practical emphasis to impact in affected communities have resulted, in part, from the policy decisions by court officials. But it is difficult not to see the influence of states parties at work. States parties have placed less emphasis as a general matter in their discussions on ensuring that the court’s work is grounded in a concern for its impact in affected communities.
While The Hague Working Group’s joint facilitation on victims, affected communities, and the Trust Fund for Victims and reparations has kept attention focused on these issues, state party discussions have tended to emphasize, although not exclusively, financial consequences for the court’s budget. A palpable concern for the budgetary impact permeates the report of discussions, in particular, on implementation of the court’s “Revised Strategy in Relation to Victims.”[11]At last year’s Assembly of States Parties session there were concerted—ultimately unsuccessful—efforts to have language that had been routinely adopted regarding the court’s outreach activities dropped from the omnibus resolution. Although the appreciation of states parties for the value of outreach activities in affected communities seems to have improved over the past year (and its role has been acknowledged in the most recent report of the Assembly’s Committee on Budget and Finance[12]), this has required concerted efforts by civil society to explain, once again, the necessity of ensuring that justice is not only done but seen to be done. “Exit strategies” for the ICC in its situation countries have attracted increasing attention, including from the Committee on Budget and Finance and some states parties. But a discussion of the court’s legacy or long-term impact has not yet taken place in the Assembly.
This is a departure from earlier state party practice. A concern for the impact of the ICC in affected communities was certainly promoted by nongovernmental organizations, but it also became the subject of a working consensus among states parties as the ICC first became operational. States parties, for example, pushed the court to improve its outreach activities when the court itself was slow to get these started.[13]At the Kampala review conference in 2010, “Impact on victims and affected communities of the Rome Statute system” headlined the stocktaking agenda.
Thisdrift away from a concern with impact may stem from state party frustration with the court’s limited progress in its proceedings, dampening ambition with regard to the impact of those proceedings. Resources are also certainly an issue here. Efforts by some states parties, faced with the difficult economic conditions referenced above, to hold the court’s budget down has been one factor in fraying consensus regarding the importance of impact. Additional resources would likely be needed to support the court’s more robust implementation of its mandate, including resources to support additional investigations and cases in each situation.
It may be likely that the court and the Assembly will need to contend with resource constraints for some time to come. Under the circumstances, it is essential that court officials maximize the funding allocated to the court and seek to be as efficient as they can.But the Assembly has an important role to play in guiding the court in how it navigates these scarce resources without damaging its overall mandate. Regardless of how the court’s budget is set in any given year, the court and its states parties cannot allow a concern for impact to be driven off the agenda. Even if the resources made available to the court are not optimal, the Assembly should insist that a concern for the court’s impact in affected communities remain at the core of its work. As indicated above, these are lessons from the ad hoc tribunals that, if ignored, will cost states parties and the ICC much more in the long run in terms of lost credibility, legitimacy, and effectiveness.
As the court enters its second decade, therefore, ICC member countries and its officials should give priority to reclaiming a shared consensus regarding the importance of ensuring the court serves affected communities and has a long-term impact in situation countries. Reasserting this consensus will take time. It will need to be felt in the facilitations and discussions with court officials within the Assembly’s working groups, many of which, including facilitations on victims, reparations, complementarity, and the court’s strategic plan, could address improving this impact.
In the short-term, at the upcoming Assembly session, reclaiming a shared vision for the court could take at least two forms. First, in General Debate statements and Assembly resolutions, states parties should:
- Support meaningful victim participation, outreach, field presence, the Trust Fund for Victims and attention to the court’s legacy as elements of the court’s work particularly relevant to short and long-term impact among affected communities.
Second, in budget negotiations, states parties should:
- Express concern for the court’s ability to have real impact in affected communities and insist that this concern should provide one benchmark against which the adequacy of the resources provided to the court is measured.
II. Election of the Deputy Prosecutor
At the upcoming ASP session, states parties will elect a new deputy prosecutor from a list of three candidates put forward by the ICC prosecutor, Fatou Bensouda. A strong deputy prosecutor is essential to support the ICC prosecutor’s oversight and effective management of the Office of the Prosecutor and its staff, to assist in decision-making at the highest levels while also permitting the appropriate delegation of responsibility, and to liaise on behalf of the office with other court organs and staff.
We urge states parties to put merit first in their consideration of the nominees. In our view, this means giving priority to the same qualities that were important in last year’s election of the.
It is likely that a deputy prosecutor will serve as an additional ambassador for the office and the court among its many constituencies, including affected communities, states parties, and the broader international community. It is therefore important that the elected individual also have demonstrated experience in communicating effectively to a wide variety of constituencies. But given that a deputy prosecutor’s responsibilities will primarily concern the day-to-day running of the office, we recommend that states parties place more emphasis on the professional excellence of candidates in complex criminal cases and institutional management.
Each of the three candidates has completed a questionnaire prepared by the Coalition for the International Criminal Court (CICC). These questionnaires, available online, may assist states parties in assessing their qualifications in light of the above benchmarks, as well as other important criteria.[14]
Finally, Human Rights Watch notes the decision by the prosecutor to seek, at this time, only the election of a deputy prosecutor for prosecutions. The court’s first prosecutorinitially established two deputy prosecutor positions, one for prosecutions and one for investigations. Although the deputy position for investigations has been vacant now for several years, in our view, an experienced deputy prosecutor for investigations could offer the office a number of important benefits.
A deputy prosecutor for investigations could play a central role in conceptualizing and taking responsibility for the implementation of the office’s investigative strategy in support of its prosecutions. It would also help ensure that the views, needs, and assessments of investigators are taken into account at the highest levels within the office.
In a letter to the ICC prosecutor welcoming her inauguration, we asked her to consider whether election of a deputy prosecutor for investigations with experience devising and managing complicated investigations could help better prioritize and enhance the office’s investigations or whether any other steps could be taken in this regard.[15]Should the prosecutor decide to seek the election of a second deputy prosecutor, states parties should be prepared to support the resources required for this position, as well as to ensure a merit-based election.
III. Cooperation
A. Positive Evolution in Assembly Practices on Cooperation
Over the 10 years since the Rome Statute’s entry into force it has become clearer the extent to which the ICC must rely on state cooperation and support. This is true in terms of the diplomatic and political support necessary for the court to carry out its judicial work independently, as discussed in part I.A above, as well as the technical expertise and dedicated capacity to ensure national authorities are equipped to respond to requests for judicial assistance and logistical support.
Particularly when it comesjudicial assistance and logistical support, states parties have the opportunity through the Assembly to help one another to increase cooperation and assistance to the court, including through the exchange of best practices. But, until this year, the Assembly had made only limited progress when it came to equipping itself to facilitate more effective cooperation by states parties.
The appointment of a series of focal points or facilitators to take forward discussion on cooperation has been an important tool, particularly to promote dialogue between states parties and the court. And the Bureau’s 2007 report on cooperation—with its 66 recommendations, grouped around the themes ofgeneral legal mechanisms; diplomatic and public support; cooperation in support of analysis, investigations, prosecutions, and judicial proceedings; arrest and surrender; witness protection and security; logistics and security; personnel; cooperation in the United Nations context; and cooperation with international and regional organizations[16]—remains an important, if underutilized reference.
But this work of the cooperation focal points and facilitators had not translated into a plenary agenda item on cooperation during the annual Assembly session which would have brought discussions to a wider audience. Nor had it extended, as we have recommended in the past, to an Assembly decision to constitute an intersessional “working group” or other mechanism on cooperation to augment the capacity of the cooperation facilitator to carry out work in priority areas with the participation of capital-based experts.[17]Assembly-level attention to cooperation had instead been relegated to references in General Debate statements, informal consultations, and negotiation of resolution texts. While these are important—and the General Debate, as indicated above, remains an important forum for reaffirming political commitment to the ICC—they are no substitute for focused, expert discussions addressed to enhancing state cooperation in concrete terms.
This year provides a number of important opportunities to positively evolve the Assembly’s practices on cooperation. States parties should seize these opportunities in light of the need for reinforced efforts to support the court as it enters its second decade; the Assembly and individual member countries should not remain complacent in the face of the court’s clear needs.
1. Intersessional Expert Seminars
In the context of The Hague Working Group facilitation on cooperation under the leadership of Ambassador AnnikenRambergKrutnes of Norway, a seminar on requests for assistance in identification, freezing, and seizing of assets and property was held in The Hague on October 1, 2012. A summary of recommendations from the seminar, which considers the role of the court, states, and other important bodies like the UN Security Council, is annexed to the Bureau report on cooperation for this session.[18]
This attention is deserved. Improved cooperation with regard to identification, freezing, and seizing of assets may benefit victims, in the form of the ultimate enforcement of forfeiture decisions against convicted individuals for the purposes of reparations and the court’s legal aid system where the tracing of assets may be relevant to the determination of indigence and the court may seek reimbursement for legal fees from frozen assets. Financial information may also be of direct relevance to the Office of the Prosecutor’s investigations. In addition, as the 2007 Bureau report notes, freezing of assets may help to disrupt networks of support that facilitate the ongoing commission of crimes and prevent arrest.[19]
In our view, this type of seminar goes some way toward moving the Assembly in the direction of an intersessional “working group” on cooperation by providing an opportunity for targeted discussion on priority areas with invited experts and the exchange of best practices. At the upcoming Assembly session, states parties should reflect on whether such workshops on other priority areas of cooperation, such as witness protection, should be held in the coming year and encourage the convening of additional seminars. Over time the experience of these seminars could provide additional support for the creation of an Assembly “working group” on cooperation, and states parties should consider the establishment, at last, of a cooperation working group at the 12th Assembly session next year. Key to making the most of these kinds of opportunities will be the attendance of experts and those who will respond on behalf of national authorities to the court’s requests for cooperation.
2. Implementation of Non-Cooperation Procedures
This year saw the implementation of the Bureau procedures on non-cooperation adopted at the 10th Assembly session. The adoption and subsequent implementation of these procedures—as discussed below—reflects an important effort on the part of the Assembly to come to terms with its responsibilities under articles 87 and 112 of the Rome Statute to respond to findings of non-cooperation by the chambers.[20]
As states parties are aware, the procedures encompass two distinct scenarios:first, where the court has referred a specific matter of non-cooperation to the ASP, and, second, prior to a court referral of non-cooperation, where urgent action may be required to bring about cooperation for arrest and surrender of an individual subject to an ICC arrest warrant.[21]We discuss in some more detail below the critical importance of both sets of procedures to securing the execution of ICC arrest warrants.
Procedures in the first scenario were implemented over the past year in response to two December 2011 findings by the pre-trial chamber of the ICC that Chad and Malawi had failed to comply with the court’s request to arrest and surrender President Omar al-Bashir of Sudan. This represents real commitment on the part of the Assembly and its president, but also illustrates the real challenges in providing an effective and meaningful response that can result in improved cooperation in the future.[22]
On the one hand, according to the Bureau report on the procedures submitted for the upcoming Assembly session, the Bureau’s dialogue with Malawi appears to have contributed to positive developments. Malawi “reacted promptly to the communications by the President and engaged in a dialogue aimed at the non-repetition of the instance of noncooperation that triggered the President’s actions.” Following a change in government, Malawi subsequently refused to host al-Bashir a second time on its territory without arresting him, which resulted in the move of the June 2012 African Union summit from Lilongwe to Addis Ababa. This represented a significant development in reinforcing the obligations of African ICC states parties to enforce the court’s arrest warrants and Malawi’s commitment to the ICC, notwithstanding African Union decisions calling on African states parties not to cooperate in the arrest and surrender of al-Bashir.
On the other hand, again according to the Bureau report, dialogue with Chad resulted only in the government reaffirming its position that it was in full compliance with international law, citing the same African Union decisions effectively rejected by Malawi.
This mixed record demonstrates both the positive results that can be achieved through the Assembly’s non-cooperation procedures—alongside other advocacy efforts, including by states and civil society[23]—and the need for the Assembly to go further in developing these procedures. The Bureau recommends that the non-cooperation of Chad be considered at the upcoming Assembly session. This could take place within the larger framework of a discussion on continuing to enhance and upgrade the Assembly’s non-cooperation procedures.
Three areas may be of particular interest.
First, the Bureau report notes that the president of the Assembly “called upon States Parties to raise the decision of the Pre-Trial Chamber I in their bilateral contacts with the authorities of Chad,” but does not reflect the extent to which this may or may not have taken place.[24]In our view, making the Assembly procedures on non-cooperation as effective as possible demands that these procedures reverberate far beyond the Bureau itself. States parties found to be in non-compliance with their obligations under the Rome Statute should be made to hear this directly from other states parties and at the highest levels of diplomacy. In discussions at this Assembly, states parties could consider sharing in broad terms their experience with attempts to engage with other states parties on issues of non-cooperation.
Second, apart from suggesting the adoption of an Assembly resolution, the procedures adopted on non-cooperation do not address the actual modalities of a “formal response” to be taken by the ASP following dialogue with the concerned state in the event a matter is referred by the court. The prospect of public censure before the ASP is likely among the most powerful tools available to the Assembly for ensuring cooperation. At the same time, states parties should continue discussions and:
- Mandate the Bureau to provide a further report to reach a common menu of other measures available to the ASP, including securing guarantees of non-repetition and the suspension of ASP voting rights.
Finally, it is clear that there will need to be continued engagement among the ICC, its states parties, and the African Union. African Union decisions on non-cooperation have put pressure on African ICC states parties. In this regard, Human Rights Watch welcomes the organization in October 2012 of a second AU-ICC joint seminar in Addis Ababa with the support of the International Organisation of the Francophonie, as well as the visit of the Assembly president, Ambassador Tiina Intelmann of Estonia, to Addis in October 2012.[25]
3. Plenary Cooperation Discussion
The upcoming Assembly session features, for the first time, a plenary discussion on cooperation.This is a significant development that will serve to give cooperation the platform within Assembly discussions that the topic deserves. It is also a return to the example set by stocktaking on cooperation during the Kampala review conference in 2010 and will give more full effect to the Kampala declaration on cooperation, which “decide[d] that the ASP should, in its consideration of the issue of cooperation, place a particular focus on sharing experiences.”[26]Human Rights Watch has recommended for several years that the Assembly establish a standing agenda item on cooperation during its annual sessions.
Human Rights Watch understands that the themes under consideration during the cooperation plenary are (1) identification, freezing, and seizing of assets; and (2) arrests. Any themes identified for discussion are likely to represent a small subset of pressing cooperation issues, and should not diminish concern for other areas, including, for example, the urgent needs identified by the court to conclude additional agreements for the relocation (on a temporary or more permanent basis) of witnesses, victims, and others at risk.[27]But focused discussions on a select number of areas are likely to produce more concrete results.
In order to make the most of this opportunity, it will be important that states parties come prepared to make substantive contributions on themes identified by discussion. A plenary cooperation discussion, while a significant evolution in the practice of the Assembly, will only be as productive as the time and investment made by states parties in preparation and active engagement during the session. To help inform state party preparations and contributions, we offer below some reflections on arrests. A discussion of arrests engages a number of difficult and sensitive issues, including non-cooperation in arrests by ICC members and the decisions by the African Union regarding the immunity of heads of state, referenced above. These issues deserve reflection, but, in our view, an emphasis should be placed in the plenary discussion on state party experiences to date in keeping with the spirit of “exchange of best practices.”
B. Arrests
Focused Assembly attention on arrests is overdue. Of course, the Assembly session is not a forum where states parties should discuss any specifics for particular arrest efforts. That discussion, unsurprisingly, would best take place in other settings. Nonetheless, the “value added” of discussing arrests in the Assembly, drawing on broad lessons learned, lies in creating greater clarity of what is needed and increasing a sense of real support for actually executing and assisting with arrest warrants.
While there has been positive practice on arrests, with the surrender of six suspects to the ICC by authorities in Democratic Republic of Congo, France, Belgium, and Côte d’Ivoire, arrest warrants against 12 other individuals remain outstanding.[28]
The failure to arrest Joseph Kony and other senior commanders of the Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA) has left the LRA free to export atrocities across the borders of central Africa, creating new generations of LRA victims in Democratic Republic of Congo, South Sudan, and Central African Republic.[29]It has stalled the court’s progress in Uganda, threatening to undermine investments in outreach and the facilitation of victim participation among affected communities and requiring the court to maintain operations even in the absence of judicial proceedings.
Similarly, a failure to arrest Bosco Ntaganda, who until recently was protected by Congolese authorities and promoted within the Congolese army, has left an unbroken record of new abuses. Since the ICC issued a first arrest warrant for Ntaganda in August 2006 (a second arrest warrant on a new set of charges was issued in July 2012), Human Rights Watch’s research has documented his repeated involvement in human rights abuses, violations of the laws of war, and mass atrocities.[30]
Compelling arrest and surrender by a recalcitrant government poses the “hard case” of cooperation. By pitting the writ of the court against the prerogatives of national sovereignty, arrest is the “Achilles’ heel” of enforcement that highlights the broader limitations of a still fledgling system of international justice. Despite the difficulties, experience from two decades of international criminal tribunal practice shows that efforts by states to wield their combined political, diplomatic, and economic clout can be decisive for arrest and surrender.
As the Rome Statute observes the tenth anniversary of its entry into force, the broader international justice community marks two milestones—the verdict in the trial of the former Liberian president, Charles Taylor, before the Special Court for Sierra Leone (SCSL), the first ever international prosecution of a former head-of-state since Nuremburg, and the start of trials by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) of its last remaining fugitives, including former Bosnian Serb commander Ratko Mladic.
These developments were made possible by concerted, collective efforts on arrests. Serbia’s surrender of indicted persons to the ICTY was directly related to diplomatic pressure around negotiations over its accession to the European Union. In the Taylor case, increasing diplomatic pressure in 2006 by states, including the United Kingdom and the United States, helped lead to his surrender. Despite his indictment on war crimes and crimes against humanity, Taylor had been enjoying safe haven in Nigeria.
Experience to date offers at least four lessons for arrests before the ICC. States parties could reflect on these or other lessons drawn from state practice in their interventions during the plenary discussion on cooperation.
1. Need for Tailored Arrest Efforts
No two arrest scenarios are likely to be the same or susceptible to the same strategies. In some cases, the arrest of a suspect may be blocked by the unwillingness of national authorities to apprehend an individual on their territory. In other cases, national authorities may lack the capacity to carry out law enforcement operations.
Both present difficult challenges requiring different responses. In the former, the creative use of diplomacy, as discussed below, may be the most important ingredient, catalyzing the will on the part of national authorities to carry out arrests including by raising the costs of a failure to do so. In the latter, augmenting national arrest capacity—perhaps even a taller order—may require addressing simultaneously the political will necessary among several countries or intergovernmental organizations to sustain an international arrest operation and the expertise to carry out such operations, as well as ensuring a legal basis is in place. This may be relevant in the negotiation of mandates of United Nations and regional peacekeeping missions.
In both scenarios the means to achieve these ends will also differ on the underlying circumstances. Large, public campaigns may at times be effective in catalyzing public pressure to arrest; at other times, such public campaigns may disrupt careful negotiations. The choice of advocacy tools matters and may shift as arrest efforts develop in a given case.
Given the need for tailored approaches, and the court’s existing caseload, states parties should consider enhancing the court’s capacity and resources to analyze and address—including by mobilizing the support of states parties and other international actors— the factors leading to non-arrest.
2. Creative Use of Diplomacy
Although tailored approaches are needed, the value of principled and active use of diplomacy is likely to be an important ingredient in successful arrest efforts, particularly where national authorities are acting to shield individuals from justice. The ICTY and Taylor examples cited above amply illustrate this. To this end, states parties should regularly raise arrest and surrender in bilateral contacts with non-cooperative states, in interactions with influential third-party states, in meetings at regional and international intergovernmental organizations, and at ASP sessions.States parties should also be creative in identifying and utilizing relevant political and economic leverage as appropriate, such as sanctions.
The Assembly’s adoption of procedures on non-cooperation is an example of harnessing creative diplomacy. This is especially so if, as recommended above, states parties undertake bilateral contacts to ensure that the Bureau’s implementation of the procedures reverberates in capitals and if the Assembly continues to elaborate a menu of responses to ICC findings of non-cooperation. Human Rights Watch also welcomes the ongoing work by the European Union to develop guidance for its institutions and member states to deploy the diplomatic tools at its disposal in a consistent manner to respond to non-cooperation. This work can serve as a model for other regional organizations or states parties to develop procedures to guide their own responses.
3. Long-Term Strategies
Recalcitrant governments are able to create real obstacles, and, therefore, arrest can take a long time. While doing everything possible to hasten arrest and surrender so that court proceedings can go forward efficiently, states parties also need to be able to take, in tough cases, a long view. That was certainly the experience of all the ad hoc and special tribunals. There was a 16year delay in bringing Mladic to the ICTY, and it took Serbian authorities in Belgrade 15 years to apprehend Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic. Charles Taylor’s arrest took nearly three years once the indictment was unsealed. Felicien Kabuga along with other indictees of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda are still at large.
The need to take a long view, however, is not an excuse for lapsing into inaction. States parties have an important role to play to reaffirm the validity and importance of the ICC’s arrest warrants as part of long-term strategies where immediate arrest and surrender are unlikely.Strong and consistent responses to ICC findings of non-cooperation in the execution of arrest warrants are a key part of hastening progress. As noted above, efforts by the Assembly and the European Union in this regard are welcomed. Equally important is the attention in both the Assembly procedures and in what we understand to be discussions of the European Union on anticipating and preventing non-cooperation in the execution of arrest warrants (that is, “early warning” procedures).
We repeat here the observations we made in advance of the last Assembly session of the importance of these kinds of responses to a successful long-term arrest strategy. Al-Bashir’s planned visits to some states parties and even some non-states parties have been avoided through concerted efforts among diplomats and international and local civil society to bring pressure to bear on national authorities to either bar or arrest al-Bashir. These include visits to Kenya, Central African Republic, Libya, Zambia, and Malaysia. Moreover, at times, even where visits have taken place, for example to Malawi, similar efforts have succeeded in securing extensive media coverage of the obligations of ICC states parties to execute ICC arrest warrants and the opposition of civil society and ICC states parties to such visits without arrest.
Such successes fall short, of course, of actual arrest. But they ensure that al-Bashir is known internationally as a fugitive, signal that there should be no “business as usual” with those seeking to evade justice, and affirm the integrity of the ICC’s arrest warrants and the importance of cooperation with the ICC. Over time, this helps maintain the validity of the arrest warrants and may contribute to the marginalization that is, at times, a prerequisite to eventual arrest.
Finally, an important component of signaling that “there is no more business as usual” with those wanted on an ICC arrest warrant is the avoidance of contacts between these individuals and officials of ICC states parties or other states. Particularly where contacts attract publicity they can reverberate internationally and promote a sense that the ICC arrest warrant is being pushed to the side and does not have international backing. The Office of the Prosecutor has emphasized the importance of avoiding non-essential contacts, as have the United Nations and the European Union.[31]Additional states parties should consider adopting domestic policies of avoiding contacts with ICC fugitives.
4. Domestic Procedures and Implementing Legislation
While mobilizing arrest efforts often has a significant political element, states parties should not overlook the importance of having domestic procedures in place to deal appropriately with requests for arrest and surrender from the court. This helps ensure states are able in practice to meet their obligations to cooperate with the court and is an important component of the requirement in Rome Statute article 88 that “States Parties shall ensure that there are procedures available under their national law for all of the forms of cooperation which are specified under [Part IX of the Statute].” The 2007 Bureau report on cooperation notes, however, that “a number of issues may constitute barriers to an expeditious transfer.” It recommends that “it may be useful for States Parties to consider establishing in advance of a request, relevant national guidelines for providing logistical assistance with regard to transfers. Such guidelines may also address issues relating to suspects in transit through the territory of States Parties. The Court may be able to provide a checklist of issues related to transfers.”[32]An exchange of best practices regarding such domestic procedures is likely to be particularly useful during the Assembly plenary discussion on cooperation.
Recent experience in Kenya and South Africa also points to an important interplay between Rome Statute implementing legislation and arrest efforts. Kenya implemented the Rome Statute in 2009, while the South African Implementation of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court Act entered into force in 2002. In both countries, such laws reinforced the obligation to arrest al-Bashir irrespective of the July 2009 African Union decision calling on its member countries not to cooperate in the arrest and surrender of al-Bashir.[33]
In South Africa, the authorities concluded that, notwithstanding the July 2009 AU decision, ratification of the Rome Statute and its domestic implementing legislation would compel the arrest of al-Bashir should he enter South Africa.[34]In Kenya, the visit of al-Bashir in August 2010 without facing arrest prompted the Kenyan Section of the International Commission of Jurists (ICJ-Kenya) to petition the high court for a provisional arrest warrant. The court ruled in favor of ICJ-Kenya and issued the warrant for al-Bashir, finding that ICJ-Kenya had standing to seek a warrant under the International Crimes Act following the failure of the responsible minister to comply with his obligations under the act to do so.[35]An appeal in the case remains pending but the warrant has been left in force.[36]These situations reflect that the availability of domestic procedures, including through implementing legislation, may reduce the latitude for politicized decision-making regarding meeting cooperation obligations.
In light of the above, in statements during the plenary discussion on cooperation, states parties should:
- Contribute actively in the plenary discussion on cooperation by coming prepared to share lessons learned and best practices on the themes identified for debate, that is, identification, freezing, and seizure of financial assets, and arrests;
- Draw on the 2007 Bureau report on cooperation and its 66 recommendations for enhancing state cooperation;
- Underscore the obligation of ICC states parties to cooperate fully with the court, including in carrying out arrests, and commit to assisting one another in providing that full cooperation even under difficult circumstances;
- Evaluate whether the court has sufficient capacity to support arrest efforts; and
- Commit to adopting policies at the national level to strengthen the prevention and response to non-cooperation and to avoid contacts with those wanted for arrest by the ICC as a key element of long-term arrest strategies.
In the stand-alone resolution on cooperation, states parties should:
- Reflect outcomes and recommendations of the plenary discussion on cooperation, including by taking note of any within the ASP on measures necessary to enhance cooperation with the court, including through the organization of additional intersessional seminars, and request the cooperation facilitator to develop proposals in consultation with states parties for a working group on cooperation with a view toward establishing the working group at the ASP’s 12th session; and
- Make cooperation a standing agenda item for future ASP sessions.
IV. Complementarity
The complementarity principle in the Rome Statute makes it clear that primary responsibility for pursuing accountability for atrocity crimes rests squarely on the shoulders of states.[37]It was not until Kampala, however, that states began to consider how to address the very real challenges facing states emerging from conflict or intense violence to fulfill this obligation in practice. The Kampala complementarity resolution, which highlighted “the need for additional measures at the national level as required and for the enhancement of international assistance to effectively prosecute perpetrators of the most serious crimes of concern to the international community” helped to kick-start discussions on how to better integrate development actors in the fight against impunity.[38]
The awareness-raising that began in Kampala has continued to deepen in the more technical discussions between international justice practitioners and development actors under the umbrella of the “Greentree” process convened jointly by the nongovernmental International Center for Transitional Justice and the United Nations Development Program (UNDP). In just a few short years, diplomatic discussions on the ICC and the future of international justice have focused increasingly on what states can do—including through their allocation of development assistance—to improve national capacity to handle atrocity crimes.
Against this backdrop, we very much welcome the plenary debate on complementarity at this year’s ASP. As we have stated before, the ASP, as a body encompassing donor and recipient states, non-states parties and civil society united by a shared commitment to fight impunity for Rome Statute crimes, is ideally placed to act as a guarantor of the complementarity principle. The fact that the head of the UNDP, the central development pillar within the UN system, will be giving the keynote address is a testament to the potential for headway in mainstreaming accountability for atrocity crimes among development actors.
Positive movement in diplomatic circles on the principle of complementarity, while important, needs to be matched by concrete advances on the ground where such atrocities have been committed. In this regard, the enthusiasm around complementarity should not obscure the fact that the obstacles to realizing national justice for atrocity crimes can be significant.
An obvious challenge confronting many national justice systems is capability: effectively investigating, prosecuting, and trying atrocity cases fairly require specialized expertise. In many situations, donors can help strengthen capacity by channeling funds already earmarked for rule of law reform projects more specifically towards strengthening capacity to realize national justice for international crimes (such as through strategic and rigorous training programs to help build necessary skills sets, establishing witness protection mechanisms, and training defense staff).. In this way, more engaged participation between the donor and recipient government increases the former’s leverage when it comes to seeing results at the national level.
This of course presumes the ongoing “buy-in” and support of development actors who determine funding priorities on the ground—a key factor which cannot be taken for granted. Our recent research in Guinea, for instance, revealed that while international partners, including the European Union, France, Germany, and the UNDP, provide significant rule of law assistance, none of these funds have as of yet been directed specifically towards investigating and prosecuting crimes emanating from the September 28, 2009 massacre.[39]We hope that the adoption of the European Union’s long-awaited complementarity “toolkit,” essentially a handbook to provide guidance in its development of projects aimed at bolstering national capacity to address serious international crimes, will further mainstream complementarity in diplomatic missions on the ground.
To this end, without turning the court into a development agency, ICC staff have a valuable role to play in flagging gaps in capacity to ensure that donor assistance is used to best effect. Indeed, the court’s report to the ASP highlights a number of specific areas where capacity-building efforts are especially needed, and where court expertise could be particularly helpful in designing and planning the provision of such assistance.[40]As also acknowledged in the report, where these efforts are undertaken in ICC situations under investigation and make use of ICC expertise they can strengthen the court’s legacy or long-term impact and facilitate the court’s eventual exit.[41]
But development assistance, even when allocated with court input, is not by itself enough to see forward movement on the ground when it comes to accountability for atrocity crimes. The success of capacity-building projects aimed at bolstering national justice efforts hinge on the willingness of the recipient government to let them thrive. Unsurprisingly, such will may be in short supply. Atrocity crimes—as the most serious crimes known to humankind—are by their nature very sensitive and difficult to pursue, particularly when committed in response to longstanding ethnic or political tensions.
The sensitivity of these crimes is only heightened if those responsible for them occupy positions of power in the government. If there is some will, it may be uneven, with the result that there is only an appetite to pursue the perceived “losers” of the conflict, who may also be the sitting government’s political enemies. While realizing some justice may benefit a constituency of victims, the pursuit of lopsided accountability risks exacerbating rather than easing the underlying tensions that resulted in the outbreak of violence and the commission of mass crimes in the first place.
Efforts to realize national justice must also confront the reality of weak institutions in countries recovering from conflict or an episode of intense violence. The commission of mass atrocities is usually the result of the breakdown of key institutions central to supporting the rule of law. Based on our research in Côte d’Ivoire, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and Guinea, more often than not, this manifests itself in the justice sector through the lack of judicial independence and impartiality, either because of a history—sometimes decades long—of political interference by the executive, or general corruption, or both. Pursuing sensitive atrocity cases, which may implicate governmental policies or actors, can be difficult where judges and prosecutors lack the institutional culture and support needed to try allegations without fear of professional or personal retribution.
Of course, the challenges discussed above are nothing new. Indeed, they offer a salient reminder as to why the ICC was created in the first place. But the deeply rooted nature of these obstacles should not be used as excuse to shy away from efforts aimed at tackling them. If anything, the complexity of the obstacles confronting effective national justice for atrocity crimes only further underscores the central role development actors have to play in designing programs aimed at building capacity, including those aimed at strengthening local civil society. It remains essential for development officials to work closely with political actors in their governments to use their collective leverage to erode unwillingness over time.
In recent years, the link between justice and development has become more prominent. In its 2011 World Development Report, the World Bank has acknowledged that “a major episode of violence […] can wipe out an entire generation of economic progress.”[42]Impunity undercuts public confidence, which leaves the state vulnerable to episodic violence. Breaking cycles of violence requires strengthening legitimate institutions, including those that deliver justice.[43]This is crucial to reinforce public confidence and create the conditions necessary to realize sustainable development.
Indeed, in a number of the situations under investigation or analysis by the ICC, including Côte d’Ivoire, Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda, and Guinea, there is a degree of recognition by the respective governments of the value of pursuing a measure of national justice for the atrocities committed on their soil. The pursuit of justice in each of these countries is not without flaws. Nonetheless, development and political actors of ICC states parties that are active in these countries can use their combined leverage—the former through programs aimed at building capacity, the latter through public and private diplomacy—to push these governments closer towards realizing an independent and impartial justice process.
One thing is clear: overcoming obstacles to national capacity and willingness requires a firm recognition among diplomatic and development actors in the ICC’s 121 states parties that fighting impunity for atrocity crimes requires long-term attention, support, and investment. The success of this long-term engagement is enhanced by coordination among donors acting in a particular country. Working together can help improve effectiveness by avoiding duplication of efforts and bolster states parties’ collective political influence to push for meaningful national efforts to pursue serious international crimes.
In light of the above, we make the following recommendations to states parties as they prepare for the upcoming Assembly session and debate on complementarity.
First and foremost, we urge states to match the UNDP’s high level of engagement by:
- Sending high-level representatives to participate in the ASP debate on complementarity. Doing so would only further reinforce the priority states place on pursuing national accountability for serious international crimes. Moreover, to the extent it is feasible, we urge states to seize the opportunity offered by the debate to further mainstream the pursuit of justice for atrocity crimes by including development actors in their delegations and encouraging them to participate in the debate.
Second, states parties can through their contributions in the General Debate and complementarity discussion:
- Persist in sending a clear message regarding the importance of national justice for atrocity crimes, and a long-term commitment to its realization. This can be part of laying the necessary groundwork of support among governments—both prosecuting authorities and international donors providing assistance.
Third, this message should also resonate within diplomatic missions and with development officials in the countries where atrocity crimes have been committed. This is the only way to match diplomatic enthusiasm with results on the ground. In their statements states parties should:
- Commit to further mainstreaming the importance of accountability initiatives with diplomatic and development staff on the ground.
Fourth, states parties should in their statements in the General Debate and the plenary session on complementarity:
- Underscore the importance of strengthening both capability and willingness, where willingness is defined as creating and maintaining a climate conducive to realizing independent and impartial justice. States parties should also insist on the inclusion of similar language in the draft resolution on complementarity.
Fifth, the discussion on complementarity can provide an opportunity for states parties to:
- ASP, including by calling on the focal points to convene meetings under the auspices of the existing working groups in The Hague and in New York on specific topics relating to complementarity.
These topics could include, for instance, ongoing efforts by UN actors to implement specific projects on the ground (in New York) or those aimed at coordinating approaches to complementarity in various capitals (and inviting a few European-based development officials to The Hague). In this way, delegations could maintain a dynamic discussion about possible strategies to overcome the challenges around pursuing national justice for atrocity crimes. This could ultimately lead to a working group on complementarity if justified by need in the future.
Finally, in the resolution on complementarity, states parties should:
- Acknowledge the link between complementarity efforts and the court’s exit strategies and long-term impact or legacy in ICC situation countries.
[1]Human Rights Watch also joins in team papers prepared by the Coalition for the International Criminal Court in advance of this Assembly session on budget and finance, communications and outreach, cooperation, elections, legal representation, and ASP oversight. The papers will be available on their release from.
[2]For more information on this debate, see Letter from Human Rights Watch to Foreign Ministers of ICC States Parties, “October 17 Thematic Debate at the Security Council on the Council's Relationship with the ICC,” October 16, 2012,....
[3]See Assembly of States Parties (ASP), “Report of the Bureau on the Study Group on Governance,” ICC-ASP/11/31, October 23, 2012,(accessed November 4, 2012), paras. 10-17; ASP, “Study Group on Governance: Lessons learnt:First report of the Court to the Assembly of States Parties,” (“Lessons Learnt First Report”), ICC-ASP/11/31/Add.1, October 23, 2012,(accessed November 4, 2012), paras. 13-19.
[4]Human Rights Watch, Unfinished Business: Closing Gaps in the Selection of ICC Cases, September 2011,.
[5]Fatou Bensouda, ICC Prosecutor-Elect, “Ceremony for the solemn undertaking of the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court,” The Hague, June 15, 2012, (accessed November 4, 2012), p. 2.
[6]See, for example, ASP, “Proposed Programme Budget for 2013 of the International Criminal Court,” ICC-ASP/11/10, August 16, 2012,(accessed November 4, 2012), para. 457 (noting the redeployment of two outreach staff from Democratic Republic of Congo to Côte d’Ivoire and that the same outreach officer is responsible for outreach activities for the Sudan and Libya situations).
[7]Judges have recently given the go ahead for the implementation of six projects in a third situation, that of Central African Republic. Situation in the Central African Republic, ICC, ICC-01/05, “Decision on the ‘Notification by the Board of Directors in accordance with Regulation 50 a) of the regulations of the Trust Fund for Victims to undertake activities in the Central African Republic’,” October 23, 2012,(accessed November 4, 2012).
[9]See Victims’ Rights Working Group (VRWG), “The Implementation of Victims’ Rights before the ICC: Issues and Concerns Presented by the Victims’ Rights Working Group on the occasion of the 10th Session of the Assembly of States Parties, 12 - 21 December 2011,”(accessed November 4, 2012), pp. 7-10; see also CICC Legal Representation Team, “Submission and Recommendations on the ‘Proposal for a review of the legal aid system of the Court in accordance with resolution ICC-ASP/10/Res.4 of 21 December 2011,’” (accessed November 4, 2012), pp. 3-4.
[10]ASP, Annex to “Lessons Learnt First Report,” p. 5. Chambers in the Gbagbo case and the two Kenya cases have already taken some decisions this year to, in the former case, move toward a collective application process, and, in the latter, to eliminate the application process altogether and to put in place a system of legal representation that combines external counsel with counsel drawn from the Office of Public Counsel for Victims. Prosecutor v. Laurent Gbagbo, ICC, Case No. ICC-02/11-01/11, “Second decision on issues related to the victims' application process,” April 5, 2012,(accessed November 4, 2012); Prosecutor v. William Samoei Ruto and Joshua Arap Sang, ICC, Case No. ICC-01/09-01/11, “Decision on victims' representation and participation,” October 3, 2012,(accessed November 4, 2012); Prosecutor v. Francis Kirimi Muthaura and Uhuru Muigai Kenyatta, ICC, Case No.ICC-01/09-02/11, “Decision on victims' representation and participation,” October 3, 2012,(accessed November 4, 2012). See also REDRESS, “Q&A: ICC Decision on Victims' Representation and Participation in the Kenya Cases,” October 18, 2012,(accessed November 4, 2012).
[11]ASP, “Report of the Bureau on Victims and affected communities and the Trust Fund for Victims and Reparations,” ICC-ASP/11/32, October 23, 2012,(accessed November 4, 2012), paras. 16-23.
[12]ASP, “Report of the Committee on Budget and Finance on the work of its nineteenth session,” ICC-ASP/11/15, October 29, 2012,, para. 36(“Public outreach, of course, was essential to raising awareness and promoting understanding of the Court’s mandate and work, primarily among the affected communities.”).
[13]See Human Rights Watch Courting History: The Landmark International Criminal Court’s First Years, July 2008,, p. 120.
[14]The three candidates are Paul Rutledge, James Stewart, and Raija Toiviainen. The CICC questionnaires may be accessed at.
[15]Letter from Human Rights Watch to Fatou Bensouda, ICC Prosecutor-Elect, “Priorities for the New International Criminal Court Prosecutor,” June 8, 2012,.
[16]ASP, “Report of the Bureau on Cooperation,” (“2007 Report of the Bureau on Cooperation”), ICC-ASP/6/21, October 19, 2007,... (accessed November 4, 2012).
[17]See our recommendations on a cooperation working group in Human Rights Watch, “Memorandum for the Tenth Session of the International Criminal Court Assembly of States Parties,” November 28, 2011,, pp. 28-29; “Memorandum for the Ninth Session of the International Criminal Court Assembly of States Parties,” November 16, 2010,..., pp. 13-14.
[18]“Summary of the 1 October 2012 workshop on cooperation, including proposals and suggestions from the participants,” annex II to ASP, “Report of the Bureau on cooperation” (“2012 Report of the Bureau on cooperation”), ICC-ASP/11/28, October 23, 2012,(accessed November 4, 2012).
[20]Article 87(5) and (7) provide that where a state party or non-state party having entered into an ad hoc arrangement or agreement with the court “fails to comply” with a cooperation request, the court “may make a finding to that effect and refer the matter” to the ASP, or, in the case of a UN Security Council referral, to the Council. For its part, the ASP shall then under article 112(2)(f) consider any question relating to non-cooperation.
[21]ASP, “Report of the Bureau on potential Assembly procedures relating to non-cooperation,” ICC-ASP/10/37, November 30, 2011, (accessed November 4, 2012), paras.10-11.
[22]The United Nations Security Council, meanwhile, took no steps toward the implementation of its mandate to respond to ICC findings of non-cooperation with respect to Security Council referrals. The Security Council referred the situation in Darfur, Sudan in March 2005 and the situation in Libya in February 2011.
[23]See, for example, “AU Summit: Malawi Stands With Darfur Victims,” joint news release of an informal network of African civil society organizations and international organizations with a presence in Africa who work on the ICC and Africa, June 8, 2012,.
[24]ASP, “Report of the Bureau on non-cooperation” ICC-ASP/11/29, November 1, 2012,(accessed November 4, 2012), para. 8.
[25]“President of the Assembly visit to Addis Ababa,” ASP news release, October 26, 2012,(accessed November 4, 2012); Second Joint African Union-International Criminal Court Seminar Concludes in Ethiopia, ICC news release, October 18, 2012,(accessed November 4, 2012).
[26]Review Conference of the Rome Statute, “Cooperation,” Declaration RC/Decl.2, June 11, 2010, (accessed November 15, 2011), para. 8. It also gives effect to Assembly resolutions from the last two sessions. The ninth session omnibus resolution recalled the Kampala declaration and “request[ed] the [cooperation] facilitator to explore proposals to facilitate the sharing of experience and other initiatives to enhance cooperation, such as a standing item on cooperation within the Assembly’s agenda,” while the cooperation resolution from the tenth session provided for a cooperation agenda item for the upcoming 2012 session. ASP, “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties,” ICC-ASP/9/Res.3, December 10, 2010, (accessed November 4, 2012), para.11; ASP, “Cooperation,” ICC-ASP/10/Res.2, December 20, 2011,(accessed November 4, 2012), para. 14.The draft resolution on cooperation for this Assembly session also includes reference to an agenda item for the 12th session that may helpfully cement cooperation as a standing agenda item. “Draft Resolution on Cooperation,” annex I to ASP, “2012 Report of the Bureau on cooperation,” para. 23.
[27]ASP, “Report of the Court on cooperation,” ICC-ASP/10/40, November 18, 2011, (accessed November 4, 2012), paras.39-46, 95.
[28]Of these 12 individuals, one—Vincent Otti, wanted in the Uganda situation—is presumed dead, while an ICC pre-trial chamber decided that Libya may postpone surrender of Saif al-Islam Gaddafi pending the outcome of Libya’s admissibility challenge to the case against him.
[29]See, for example, Human Rights Watch, Trail of Death: LRA Atrocities in Northeastern Congo, March 2010,; The Christmas Massacres: LRA attacks on Civilians in Northern Congo, February 2009,.
[30]See, for example, “DR Congo: Bosco Ntaganda Recruits Children by Force,” Human Rights Watch news release, May 16, 2012,; Human Rights Watch, Bosco Ntaganda—Wanted for War Crimes, video, April 13, 2012,.
[31]See Office of the Prosecutor of the ICC, “Prosecutorial Strategy, 2009-2012,” February 1, 2012,... (accessed November 4, 2012), para. 48; David Hutchinson and Marcus Pallek, “Introductory Remarks to Legal Opinions of the Office of Legal Affairs of the United Nations,” International Organizations Law Review, vol. 3 (2006), p. 397; “Action Plan to follow-up on the Decision on the International Criminal Court”, annex to Political and Security Committee memorandum to COREPER, Council of the European Union, “I” Item Note, July 12, 2011, (accessed November 4, 2012), p. 14.
[33]Assembly of the African Union, "Decision on the Meeting of African States Parties to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC)," Assembly/AU/Dec. 245 (XIII) Rev. 1, July 3, 2009, (accessed November 4, 2012), para. 10.
[34]South African Government Information “Notes following the briefing of Department of International Relations and Co-operation’s Director-General, Ayanda Ntsaluba,” July 31, 2009,(accessed November 4, 2012).
[35]“High Court Decision on Al Bashir Arrest Warrant,” The Kenyan Section of the International Commission of Jurists news release, December 2, 2011,(accessed November 5, 2012).
[36]Humphrey Malalo, “Kenya court refuses to shelve ruling on Sudan’s Bashir,” Reuters, December 20, 2011,(accessed November 4, 2012).
[37]Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (Rome Statute), A/CONF.183/9, July 17, 1998, entered into force July 1, 2002, preamble, art. 17.
[38]Review Conference of the Rome Statute, “Complementarity,” Resolution RC/Res.1, June 8, 2010, (accessed November 4, 2012), para. 3.
[39. Human Rights Watch, Bloody Monday: The September 28 Massacre and Rapes by Security Forces in Guinea, December 2009,.
[40]ASP, “Report of the Court on complementarity,” ICC-ASP/11/39, October 16, 2012, (accessed November 4, 2012).
[42]The World Bank, Conflict, Security, and Development: World Development Report 2011 (Washington, D.C.: The International Bank for Reconstruction and Development/The World Bank, 2011), p. 6.
[43]Ibid., p. 2. Our research in many of the ICC situations under investigation and analysis—including Kenya, Côte d’Ivoire, Democratic Republic of Congo, and Guinea—support the conclusion that widespread impunity fosters cyclical violence. Targeting perpetrators of mass crimes through independent and impartial trials, by helping to dismantle criminal structures that resulted in their commission, delivering truth to victims, and deterring others from committing similar crimes, can help break devastating patterns of violence.For the brain
i am very scared if one day i cook just because it’s time and i cook the same thing – as a ritual – not because of excitement and the morning mood
i wish i could always only cook not because it’s necessary not because it’s a ritual – just because i’m in the mood – for my whole life .
AdvertisementsSmoothies are an amazing, healthy and delicious way to put nutrients to your body. There are smoothies for almost every health issue. People don’t always lookout for weight loss; those who are naturally lean or [.
When you’re trying to pack on muscle, you have to fuel your body with lots of high-quality food. Meal prepping can help you hit your calorie requirements with healthy food that’s also delicious. Here (Fitness Challenge Food)
Eat a bulky bar -
Whether you're genetically thin or dealing with a medical condition that makes it hard to gain weight, you may struggle as much to put on the pounds as most people struggle to lose. While simply eating more calories sounds easy, it's also important to cho
Incorporating enough protein into our diets is so important for our overall health, so you'll love these delicious High Protein Recipes covering everything from breakfast to dessert!
This is an excellent example of how to eat healthy, balanced meals every few hours to keep your metabolism revved up and get the nutrition your body needs Could this work for hypoglycemia?Microsoft pulls PDF from Office 2007
Microsoft has scrapped plans to enable Office 2007 documents to be saved in Adobe’s proprietary PDF format, according to a report in eChannelLine. Microsoft likely made the move to avoid delay in the launch of Office 2007 if Adobe took Microsoft to court, the report says.
While this may be good news for Adobe, it is bad news for the legal profession, for which PDF has become an important tool.Discover
The Opportunity
Quorum Information Systems Inc. requires a Parts and Service Support Specialist for our St. John’s, NL office. This is primarily a phone support role for our XSELLERATOR dealership management system (DMS). As a Parts and Service Support Specialist, you are committed to achieving the highest standards of customer satisfaction through your outstanding, positive and enthusiastic attitude. You will be responsible to directly interact with Quorum clients in a professional manner in order to satisfy their requirements.
What you'll do
Responsibilities
- Supplying thoughtful, timely and accurate answers to customer questions via telephone support.
- Continually learning new features and functions of XSELLERATOR to improve product and dealership business environment knowledge.
- Training dealership staff on the proper use of XSELLERATOR for their business operations.
- Following-up with customer inquiries and staying in touch with customers about their outstanding issues.
- Representing Quorum, its services, and employees in a professional and courteous manner to customers.
What you'll need
Qualifications
- 2+ years in a dealership (Automotive, Cell phone, or recreational vehicle) experience in Parts and Service.
- Strong analytical and problem solving skills
- Previous experience providing IT support is an asset
- Completion of some post-secondary courses preferred
- Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
- Professional telephone etiquette
- Highly effective customer service skills
- Positive and confident attitude
- Ability to work in a team environment
- Excellent time management skills
- Ability to multi-task and work independently in a fast paced environment
- Ability to learn quickly and maintain excellent working relationships with customers and staff
- Able to work rotating shift work (8:30am – 9:30pm M-F, 11:30am-3:30pm Sat), please check out our links below:
OUR WEBSITE
WHY WORK FOR QUORUM?
**Only those applicants who meet the requirements for this position will be contacted**Wells Fargo, NJ Firm Shake Suit Stemming From Copier Fight
U.S. District Judge Juan Sanchez dismissed the complaint against Fleischer Fleischer & Suglia, two of the firm’s attorneys and the lender, finding that law firm Villari Brandes & Giannone PC failed to state a claim in the lawsuit.
Villari had contended that Wells Fargo and Fleischer had...
To view the full article, register now.
Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to loginMexican authorities are investigating the killing of a journalist in the southeastern state of Tabasco.
The Tabasco prosecutor's office says Ismael Diaz Lopez was stabbed to death Thursday in Teapa, south of the state capital of Villahermosa.
It reports via Twitter that the strongest line of investigation suggests a possible family conflict, given a prior legal history that it did not specify. His employer, the newspaper El Criollo, writes that Diaz Lopez had been involved in a domestic dispute.
However the Inter American Press Association on Friday urged an investigation into whether he may have been killed because of his journalistic work.
The media advocacy group said Diaz Lopez was slain inside his home by unknown intruders.
WAOW
1908 Grand Avenue, Wausau, WI 54403
News Tips: news@waow.com or 715-842-9293Hey friends I am back with a look at Day 3 and 4 of my December Daily Album! Today you get two for the price of one!
December 3rd was seemingly uneventful. After spending the day shopping for Christmas decorations, my family and I headed to a local community holiday festival. We saw two of the cutest baby reindeer, took pictures in front of a gigantic Christmas tree, and walked around a bit. I love community events and always attend at least 2-3 during the holiday season.
For this spread, I decided to keep things simple. First, I created a B-side to my day two 3×8 journal block using a wood grain pattern paper from the Felicity Jane Joy kit. To this I added a chipboard sticker that reads “Reindeer”. Next, I created a tag from a piece Swiss dot pattern paper. I stamped and embossed a reindeer head from an older December Daily stamp set by Kelly Purkey and added a label sticker under the embossed reindeer head. This sticker is from the 2016 December Daily kit..
Day 4 was all about decorating our Christmas tree! And yes, that is my daughter wearing a Disney Belle dress and her blanket as a cape. 🙂
To begin, I resized my photo to 6×8 using iPhoto, then printed the photo on 8.5 x 11 photo paper and trimmed the photo down to fit the pocket. To the photo I added a gold chipboard circle sticker that reads “Tree” at the top right of the page protector.
Next, I embellished two of the 3×4 journal cards with a flare button, a wood veneer number “4” and a small star badge – all from the Felicity Jane Joy Kit. To the journal card, I stamped the word “tradition” from an older Ali Edwards stamp set using “Always Artichoke” ink by Stampin’ Up. Lastly, I added a 3×4 journaling card that reads, “Peace Love Joy”.
To the back of the 6×8 page, I added a photo of my finished tree to a piece of black striped vel from Felicity Jane
To see both these spreads come together, head on over to the Victoria Marie YouTube Channel! I will be back after December 25th with more videos and photos of my 2017 December Daily album. Until then, have a very Merry Christmas! Thanks for stopping by!Monthly Archives: October 2015
HHS Homecoming Information
By Arlene Valencia Homecoming is a tradition in the United States for many universities, colleges, […]
Girl’s Volleyball
By: Ezebeth Gonzalez Hey Highland Bulldogs! It is no secret that our volleyball team is […]
Senior Sunrise :)
By: Jennifer Cruz As the warm glow of the sun’s rays shined down on the […]
HHS Blood Drive
By: Amairany Armenta The first blood drive, hosted by ROTC, of the 2015-2016 school year took place […] […]
354 King Georges Road, Beverly Hills
Sold for $ 165,000
Vacant Block - 164.4m2 - Prominent Location - Zoned Neighbourhood Business 3 (c) Land - Vacant - Property ID: 469575
Ideally situated with main road exposure and easy access to the M5, this vacant block of land represents an exceptional opportunity
Zoned Neighbourhood Business 3 (c) it will suit many potential uses (stca)
Rarely do properties such as this one come on the market
Phone TODAY for further information
Gavin Sharp
0411 725 8Excitement is building in World Cup host country Brazil despite a transit strike in Sao Paulo, the site of the opening match, and social discontent in parts of the country.
ເບິ່ງຕື່ມອີກ
Commuters wait for the train at the Estacao da Se subway station in downtown Sao Paulo. Subway workers suspended a strike on Monday that crippled traffic in Brazil's largest city, but warned they could resume their walkout on Thursday, when Sao Paulo hosts the first game of the World Cup, June 10, 2014.
Flip-flops printed with the national flags of soccer teams are sold in a sports shop, in Rio de Janeiro, June 10, 2014.
In a beachside parking area, a van contains a stockpile of coconuts, in Recife, June 11, 2014.
A building in Belo Horizonte, Brazil, June 11, 2014.- ABOUT
- RESEARCH
- EXPERTS
- DONATE
Search
Chart Book: The Legacy of the Great Recession
UPDATED
January 9, 2018.2 percent annual growth since then.
Employers Added 188 17.8 million jobs to their payrolls for 94 consecutive months from March 2010 through December 2017, an average of 189,000 jobs a month. Total employment (private plus government) averaged 188,000 a month over that period, as federal, state, and local government were net job losers.
Total nonfarm employment rose by 148,000 jobs in December, private employment rose by 146,000 in December, federal government employment rose by 1,000, state employment fell by 4,000, and local employment rose by 5,000.
Part II: The Recession Put the Economy in a Deep Hole
GDP Fell Far Below What the Economy Was Capable of Producing
In the third quarter of 2017, the demand for goods and services (actual GDP) was roughly $44 billion (about 0.2 percent) greater than the Congressional Budget Office (CBO)’s estimate of what the economy was capable of supplying (potential GDP). This suggests that the output gap between actual and potential GDP, which was manifested in excess unemployment and underemployment and idle productive capacity among businesses, has essentially closed. However, CBO’s estimate predated the annual updating of GDP data that took place in July. GDP data for the previous three years were updated to incorporate more complete and more detailed source data as well as methodological improvements that raised the level of GDP by about $50 billion going into the second quarter of this year. CBO’s estimates of potential GDP do not currently reflect these changes and could change modestly once they are taken into account.
GDP rose at a 3.2 percent annual rate in the third quarter of 2017 and was 2.3 percent higher than in the same quarter a year ago. The latter figure slightly exceeds the 2.2 percent average annual growth since the start of the recovery.
In its June 2017 Update to the Budget and Economic Outlook, issued before the July GDP revisions, CBO projected that the gap between actual and potential GDP would close in 2018. CBO does not try to forecast business-cycle fluctuations, but instead assumes that real GDP growth will reflect underlying trends in the economy’s capacity to produce goods and services and that after 2020, actual GDP will be 0.5 percentage points lower than potential GDP, which is roughly the average historical gap.
Job Losses Were Unprecedented 6.5 percent (9.0 million) higher in December 2017 than it was at the start of the recession.
Surpassing the pre-recession peak was a milestone on the way to a full jobs recovery, but population growth over the past several years means the potential labor force is larger than it was then. Job creation has averaged 171,000 a month over the past 12 months and 204,000 over the past three months. This pace is well. The unemployment rate has been under 4.5 percent for the last 9 months and has been 4.1 percent for the last three. The unemployment rate is much lower now than it was early in the recovery, but there still may be people who are not working but want to be or people who would like to be working full time but can only find part-time jobs who can be pulled back into the labor market if job creation remains. The labor force participation rate averaged 62.8 percent in 2017 and was 62.7 percent in December; the employment-to-population ratio averaged 60.1 percent in 2017 and was also 60.1 percent in December.
The employment-to-population ratio shown in the chart is for those aged 16 and older and includes an increasing number of retired baby boomers. Thus, a significant percentage of the decline since the start of the recession reflects demographic trends rather than labor market weakness. While this rate remains 2.6 percentage points lower than it was at the start of the recession, the employment-to-population ratio for those in their prime working years (age 25-54), which fell 4.9 percentage points between the start of the recession and December 2009, has recovered all but 0.6 percentage points of that loss and was 79.1 percent in December. of 2015. That rate has edged down over the past year and was 0.9 percent in December. Still, over a fifth (22.9 percent) of the 6.6 million people who were unemployed — 1.5. After falling to 8.0 percent in October — the lowest it’s been since early 2007 — this rate edged up to 8.1 percent in December. That’s still lower than it was in the year before the Great Recession, but more than a percentage point higher than it was in 2000.
Growth in Workers Earnings Has Been Modest
Average hourly earnings of employees on private payrolls grew modestly through much of the recovery, and to date have averaged 2.2 percent annually. Inflation has been modest as well, but over much of the economic recovery, real (inflation-adjusted) wages hardly grew and have failed to keep up with increases in workers' productivity (output produced per hour of work).
As a result, the share of national income going to profits rose relative to that going to wages. Both inflation and productivity have fluctuated more than nominal earnings during this period, but, on average, productivity has risen at roughly 1 percent per year from the end of the recession through the third quarter of 2017 and the cost of a typical worker’s market basket has risen about 1¾ percent per year over the same period.
The pace of wage growth quickened in 2015 and into 2016, but has subsequently slowed. In December 2017, average hourly earnings of all employees on private payrolls were 2.5 percent higher than a year earlier (earnings of non-management employees were up 2.3 percent). Low inflation in 2015 and 2016 led to solid real wage gains, but strong nominal wage growth will be required to maintain such gains if inflation rises further.
The Number of People Looking for Work Swelled Compared with the Number of Job Openings
At one point at the beginning of the recovery there were 7 people looking for work for every job opening. That ratio has declined substantially and is now near its historic low just before the 2001 recession in data that go back to December 2000. In November 2017, 6.6 million workers were unemployed, compared with 5.9 million job openings (a ratio of 11 job seekers for every 10.I am so excited because on Thursday I leave for Cabo to photograph my first tropical destination wedding! I have been waiting for this trip since I started my photography business and it is finally here. During my photography career I have been able to travel to many different destination locations but never to a tropical beach resort. Can't hardly wait!
Since I do travel often I have become a pro at how to pack, what to bring and more importantly what NOT to bring. The area I have been working on improving the most is how to pack my hair essentials. When I travel I bring everything because I never know what the weather might throw my direction, and using hotel hair products or appliances usually causes more damage than help. So, when THIS travel size chi hair tools set came from Beauty Bands I was over the moon excited!
The travel bag fits not only the tools but also ALL my hair products I take with me including my large can of hair spray! Before I used to have cans falling everywhere or thrown in random bags but now all my hair essentials go in one case, and then I will have second for make-up. Being organized really comes in handy when I arrive and unload everywhere.
This Blushing Pink travel case is onside currently for $99! I red the reviews, and I have also tried all of the tools out myself. The dryer and iron are just the same as my normal size tools, the curling iron is a small her
Moroccanoil Treatment c/o Beauty Brands
Kenra Volume Spray c/o Beauty Brands
Wella EIMI sugar spray c/o Beauty Brands
Moroccan oil Dry Shampoo c/o Beauty Brands
8 comments:
This is such a helpful post!!! I definitely need a lot of help staying organized so this was great. Thanks for sharing!
Some of my favorite products!!! Looks like a great travel bag too! xoxo
What a pretty travel case! Good luck on your trip!
Zoe |
Love that travel case! Its always a struggle trying to stay organized when we vacation. ;)
xx Lexi, Glitter, Inc.
omg this is too cute!!!! I want it!!!
I desperately needed this post, because I get so disorganized when I travel. So much so, I end up losing things. This is SUPER helpful! xx Adaleta Avdic
Have a blast in Cabo and I love your travel bag!
xo, Sara
I love that travel case! I can't believe how much it fits! Hope you have a great time shooting at the resort!!
By Lauren MThe Packers Minute airs on ESPN Radio in Milwaukee, Madison and Wausau, K107.1 FM in Fond du Lac, and Sports Radio 1400 in Eau Claire.
Observers will get to see how far Marshall Newhouse has come when he faces NFL sack leader Jared Allen for a second time this season...
Streaming audio - Press play
Free Subscription Option
Brian Carriveau is the editor of the Maple Street Press Packers Annual. To contact Brian, email [email protected].
A bustling riverfront promenade with cafés and food vendors galore was the main hangout during my time in Phnom Penh, and all with the mighty Mekong River in the background!
Sisowath Quay is pretty much the centre point of Phnom Penh, and the locals consider it the main place to congregate in the daytime to enjoy a lazy cup of coffee or some nom banh chok. Located right beside the mighty Mekong river, and adjacent to the Royal Palace, you can also see why it becomes a place of interest for the tourists too. Every tuktuk driver knows how to get there, so wherever your hotel or hostel is located in Phnom Penh, you can always be sure that a mere short and cheap ride is all you need to get here. I was interested in this area to experience being by the riverside, as well as trying some delicious Khmer food!
I don’t think much of Cambodian street food when you compare it to the likes of Thai and Vietnamese street food. Street food in Cambodia tend to be marketed towards the tourists, so you can find lots of ‘shock value’ items, such as deep-fried tarantulas and BBQ snake on a stick etc., but there is very little in the way of traditional Khmer cuisine sold on the streets of Phnom Penh. I guess one thing you could always look out for is the spicy Cambodian Sausage, which is not normally served on a skewer, but at Sisowath Quay I did see them being cooked in that method!
I wanted to try something a little more meaningful than just grilled street food, so I hunted for some Khmer Red Curry, but I didn’t find any. In the end, I ordered a small plate of Amok Trey from a café and then later in the day I sampled some of the authentic Khmer noodles (Nom Banh Chouk) that I had heard many good things about. I paid the equivalent of around £1 for these meals combined, which reminded me of just how cheap food is in Cambodia!
Actually, the part of the Mekong River where Sisowath Quay lies is the confluence of both the Mekong and the Tonle Sap lake, on which I had a boat ride up in Siem Reap to check out the community of Kampong Phluk. Here in Phnom Penh, though, the river seemed very calm and not the ferocious impression of the Mekong you might have lodged in your mind. Lots of local people were sitting beside the river, just enjoying the slight breeze (not much of a breeze in Cambodia, and most of the breeze is full of dirty fumes anyway) and some were even jogging down the promenade trying to keep fit. I really wanted to join them, but I don’t think I was dressed for the occasion!
2 thoughts on “Sisowath Quay: A Meal by the Mekong”
A nice walk and a good dish of the country – thanks for this discovery, and that of your blog !! You have visited many countries! great
Sisowath Quay is definitely the place to chill out in Phnom Penh! It’s one of the few destinations I’ve had the chance to visit twice, and I love it 🙂 Hopefully next time you can try some lok lak or fish amok!Subject: Sybille Kroos, Sergio Maina, Frank Sämmer, and Ulrike Zilly: art works, on show at Porto Ceresio, on the Italian shores of Lake Lugano, 26 August-4 September 2011
Running from 26 August to 4 September, 2011 in the exhibition space attached to the Library (Biblioteca Comunale) of Porto Ceresio, on the Italian shores of Lake Lugano, this show — organized by Galerie Tedden, Düsseldorf, Germany — features the work of Sergio Maina, Frank Sämmer, Sybille Kroos, and Ulrike Zilly.
Sergio Maina was born in 1913, in Caslano, a small town on the Swiss shores of Lake Lugano just metres away from Lavena, on the Italian side of the Lake. For more on Sergio Maina, who died in 1933, see
Sergio Maina painted many landscapes of the area around Caslano and Maliaso. He also executed a number of portraits. His works are included in the collections of, among others, the Museo Cantonale di Arte in Lugano, the Swiss Confederation in Berne, the Museo d’Arte in Mendrisio, and the Museo della Pesca in Caslano.
Frank Sämmer was born in Frankenberg/Eder, in 1947, and graduated from the State Academy of Art in Düsseldorf in 1978. Further examples of his work can be seen here:
Sybille Kroos was born in Bottrop, Germany, and graduated from the State Academy of Art in Düsseldorf, where she studied under Professor AR Penck. Sybille Kroos was one of the exhibitors in Peter Tedden’s last show in Porto Ceresio. This took place in July 2009. Consisting of views of Porto Ceresio, the show was — not too surprisingly — entitled Libro degli ospiti: vista sul lago.
After Porto Ceresio, Sybille Kroos’ work can be seen at the Muratcentoventidue-Artecontemporanea gallery, 122B Via Gioacchino Murat, in Bari, Puglia. Entitled Beauty Within The Banal, the exhibition runs from 9 September to 20 October 2011 . Further details here:. More information on the work of Sybille Kroos here:.
Ulrike Zilly is from Oberhausen, Germany. More of her work can be seen at the City Museum in Düsseldorf until 18 September, at a solo show entitled Heimatsatlas. Ulrike Zilly exhibited at Porto Ceresio during the last show organized there by Peter Tedden.This was entitled Libro degli Ospiti-vista sul Lago and ran from 17-26 July, 2009. Further information on Ulrike Zilly is available on her site:.
Next up on the 2010/2011 programme of art exhibits at Porto Ceresio Library is:
9-18 September 2011: paintings, drawings, and illustrations by Mike Snyder
23 September-2 October 2011: Views of the Varese area, paintings by Sergio Pegoraro
8-16 October 2011: Lights, colors, and emotions, paintings by Maria Luisa Pozzen and Luisa Mainardi
For details of the entire programme of the 2010/2011 season of art shows at the Biblioteca Comunale, in Porto Ceresio (Varese), on the Italian shores of Lake Lugano, see:.
For more information on Porto Ceresio, known as the Last Town in Italy, since the Swiss border lies just 2km away, see.I spent 3 hours at The Baltimore House in downtown Hamilton this evening as I have 3 framed prints on display there for the Obscured…Oddities and Curiosities gallery showing. Lots of folks showed up and it was a great evening! My work will be there for 1 month, so if you are looking to have a great cup of coffee or a drink stop by one day and see mine and other great works by some wonderful artists!
This is an old piano they have sitting in one corner of The Baltimore House.
AdvertisementsConoil to invest N5 billion in lubricant manufacturing
The nation’s lubricant market is projected to hit the N250 billion marks by the end of 2015.
The projected all-time high revenue from lubricant business is predicated on the expected upsurge in the demand for lubricants by the automobile and industrial sub-sectors of the economy.
According to a statement issued by Conoil Management over the weekend, the company will invest over N5 billion to build a new lubricant manufacturing plant and filling lines, in addition to its state-of-the-art lubricant plant in Apapa, Lagos, to significantly increase its engine oil production capacity.
This, it said, would put the company in good stead to take huge advantage of the projected growth in the domestic lubricant market and invariably skyrocket its lubricant contribution to its overall turnover.
The substantial increase in lubricant production, according to Conoil, is projected to boost the company’s bottom-line while also increasing significantly its industry share in the lubricant segment.
It stated: “Conoil currently ranks as one of the nation’s topmost marketers of quality lubricants with a reputation for reliability and unsurpassed performance.
“Its popular lubricant brands of Quatro and Golden Super Motor oil hold top positions in the market and are adjudged the brand of choice.
“The company also boasts of wide range of industrial lubricants for applications in manufacturing, textile, cement, breweries, oil exploration and producing companies, and transmission oils for the transmission and gear system of vehicles.This is such a great idea, I wish I had come up with it myself! We have Terri from BrownGirl Speaks to thank for this new meme.
Quoted from Terri
Show how you live the natural, mahogany way (i.e. breastfeeding pics, homeschooling/unschooling pics, babywearing pics, adhering to a vegetarian/vegan diet pics, etc. ).
It doesn’t have to be only a picture, please tell us the story behind the picture. We’re linking up on the Ning site. Here is the link to Mahogany Monday. I’m also using #MahoganyMonday hashtag on Twitter.
Be sure to check out the other participants.
********
We picked these beauties up on Sunday. Two Geraniums and a Accent Ipomoea. Both plants are great for beginners(goof proof). This will work well for us, because I don’t know much about plants and gardening.
The girls picked out their own Geraniums. They both wanted one that had buds still on it so they could watch them bloom.
I picked the Ipomoea for Samuel, and myself. Hopefully we won’t kill them 🙂
Did you know the Ipomoea is nicknamed the sweet potato vine? I think the Geraniums will bloom until October.
We spent a good 30-45 minutes at the garden center. Checking out all of the plants and herbs we want to get. Hopefully we can have some sort of garden in the backyard this summer. It doesn’t have to be big.
The girls are really excited about watering their flowers, and watching them grow.
We talked about how we will need to transfer the plants to a bigger pot soon. I’m thinking we’ll get some acrylic paint and add a touch of us to the pots when it’s time to transfer.
I love the flowers and plant you all chose. That's such a cute idea. I think Zion and I shall poach your idea. 🙂
I'm pretty bad at remembering to water plants. I need something hardy that will forgive me if I forget about it for a few days.
I love the flowers and plant you all chose. That's such a cute idea. I think Zion and I shall poach your idea. 🙂
Great choices. I bought a potted geranium last year and managed to keep it alive through winter! Can't wait for my flowers to bloom again.
Geraniums are great plants to keep inside during the winter too – and if your window is sunny enough (and they're well fed), they'll bloom year round!Chicken Milanese
Serves 4
Kids Rating: ✭✭✭✭✭
Ingredients:
For the Chicken:
4 chicken breast cutlets, thin sliced
1 cup plain bread crumbs (or for extra crunchy chicken use plain panko bread crumbs)
2 eggs
½ cup flour
1 tsp. salt
6 Tbsp. olive oil
Salad topping:
2 cups arugula
1 cup fresh basil chopped
2 garden fresh tomatoes, washed and cut into ½ inch chunks
2 tsp. lemon juice
2 Tbsp. olive oil
½ tsp. salt
1 tsp. red onion minced finely
Fresh basil for garnish
Directions:
For salad:
In a medium bowl mix together lemon juice, salt, red onion, basil, olive oil, and tomatoes. Toss. Allow flavors to marry for 10 minutes.
For chicken:
Preheat oven to 325༠F.
Place chicken breasts between two pieces of waxed paper. Pound chicken with the flat side of a meat mallet until ½ inch thick.
On a dinner plate mix the ½ cup flour and 1 tsp. salt. In a shallow bowl mix the two eggs. On another dinner plate place the 1 cup bread crumbs. Dredge the chicken on both sides into the flour, then the egg, then the bread crumbs. Place on a platter. Repeat with remaining chicken.
Heat 3 Tbsp. olive oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Add two breaded chicken breasts and fry for 2-3 minutes on each side or until lightly browned. Then transfer browned chicken to a non-stick cookie sheet and place in oven to keep warm. Add 3 remaining Tbsp. olive oil to pan and repeat frying the remaining chicken.
For Assembly:
Place the chicken on a warm platter, and top with fresh arugula and then the tomato basil salad. Pour any extra juices from the tomato mixture over the chicken. Garnish with fresh basil.Click to Zoom in
Compatible Xerox Toner Cartridge - 2,000 Page Yield - Cyan - View Complete Details
Product Number: MDA401 Xerox 106R01477 Cyan Toner Cartridge - Toner cartridge is designed for use with Xerox Phaser 6140. Reliable toner provides outstanding quality and is the result of rigorous, product-development protocols for OEM-equivalent yieldsThe butterfly is a Spellbinders' die. I used the Cuttlebug Spots & Dots embossing folder. The sentiment and chocolate chip card stock & ink are by SU! The textured orange card stock is Bazzill. The ribbon and rhinestones (pearls) are from Michaels.
Happy Friday, my friends!
19 comments:
How pretty! So simple but very pretty indeed!
This is fab, so so elegant. :)x
well, i agree the ribbon treatment is indeed wonderful...as is the card...but i liked the first one, as well! aha: you are trying to "tie up" first AND SECOND place and scoop allllllllll the lovely may arts ribbon for yourself! well done! i think it's workin'!!! :)
Hi June... I like both your cards! I just love this little butterfly, and the ribbon is lovely..
Happy Friday to you too June! A great card too!
June, this is stunning! I love the colours, the butterfly and the ribbon. :-)
This is wonderful ribbon! And the butterfly is just as wonderful!! Wow! This is clean, crisp and elegant! Have a great weekend, dear! ♥♥ Kay
June, both of these "take a bow" challenge cards are wonderful!! Both are very pretty and unique. I love ribbon and May Arts has some of my favorite! Looking forward to seeing what you come up with for your third project. tfs
cute dear! love the different ribbons :)
LOVE that die. Don't need it ... don't need it ...
HEY! I have those ribbons. And you actually USED yours. Imagine that ...
:-)
Such a pretty card...loved the last one and the great Halloween flip card too. I am so behind on blogs and making cards or anything else for that matter--maybe tomorrow!
Simply elegant my dear!
Hello sweet JUne, your card is beautiful. I love the cute butterfly, the colors are fab! Hugs and happy day for you!!!!
Hi Jene! Simple, but very beautiful. The ribbons are pretty, And love that butterful. Have a great weekend!
oh i like the ribbon thang too :-) and such a cute butterfly. i have that embossing folder and i need to crack it out and use it so nicely like you miss j!
The butterfly is picture perfect on the background setting! Your card is lovely.
Simply beautiful! Love the butterfly with the pearled body and the embossed BG!!
Wow, wow, wow, this is wonderful! The design of it is splendid and the ribbons and butterfly, wowa!!
Gorgeous!! Such pretty printed ribbon and I love that butterfly!
(-: HeidiAbout
Timings
Location
Doctor in Mens Health Clinic
Dr. Mohammed Anwar
Services
Treatment Of Erectile Dysfunction
Treatment Of Male Sexual Problems
Treatment Of Male Sexual Problems
Vasectomy Surgery
Men'S Health
Pre-Marital Counselling
Submit Feedback
Submit a review for Mens Health ClinicYour feedback matters!
Feed
Hi am vidya sagar from hyderabad I have sexual problem I can not sex more extra time If I sex in few 5mitns only I can what problem is there can tell please.!
Hii sir I am 23 years old. Due to masturbation I am feeling very weak. Often I face night flow problem. My private parts also become loose.?
During sex he ejaculated inside a little bit we are not sure about. Now its 6 hours after sex. Should I take i-pill? And how much dosage it consists of and how much should I take for avoiding? Am just 19 please do help Thanks.
I am suffering from premature ejaculation. I am not married. If I am thinking few second about sex I ejaculate. What should I do.
Dr. I have an habit of frequent masturbation. Sometimes thrice in a week. Previous, I took medicines of all types but did not afford. Dr. please tell me have any medicine for masturbation particularly?.
- Eating processed meat harms sperm quality.
- Excessive usage of laptop can also lead to reduction in sperm count because of the heat that a laptop releases.
- Hormonal imbalance also causes low sperm production.
- If a man is underweight or overweight, this could also lead to less production of sperm. So, a man should watch his weight before thinking of extending his family.
- Exposure to too much heat for a prolonged time leads to reduction in sperm count.
- Regular smoking also leads to reduction in sperm count.
- Excessive stress also causes reduction in sperm count.
- Regular and continuous exposure to chemicals like xylene, painting material and metal like lead also leads to low sperm count.
- Chemicals present in sunscreen lotion can harm a man's sperm count so one should be alert while using a sunscreen lotion.
- Sex toys also cause infertility in men because of presence of phthalates in them.
- Regular intake of canned food can also contribute in low sperm count.
- Regular drinking habits reduce testosterone levels thereby reducing the quality and production of sperm.
- Excessive intake of canned food leads to intake of bisphenol A which lowers down the quality of the sperm.
- Excess intake of caffeine also leads to reduction in sperm count.
-.
In case you have a concern or query you can always consult an expert & get answers to your questions!sales@impactoffice.ca | (604) 215.9797 | BLOG |
Guest Chairs
Cambia
-
- Quantity Desired :
and continue browsing.
When you are finished with your list, you can request a quote showing discounted pricing
- Designed with welcoming comfort and style in mind
- Great for public and private spaces
- Can be made in two different back styles and three arm options
- Variety of fabrics and finished available
Item #: H2165
Manufacturer: Hon
Call today for pricing and availability
Guest ChairsChapel
Each week throughout the school year, usually Wednesdays, the Christ Lutheran family is privileged to gather for worship. Led by our pastor, teachers, classrooms, or area Lutheran pastors, we bring our voices for praise and our hearts for learning that takes place through instruction from God’s Word. Prayers are spoken on behalf of students and families, as petitions are raised in faith and thanksgiving. Students sing a Hymn of the Month, a hymn chosen that coordinates with the church year. Offerings taken each week support a mission that has been chosen as a special project. Chapel begins at 8:10, and parents are invited and encouraged to attend.
Worship is at the core of our Lutheran school. It depicts our life in Christ, as we move about as His restored and redeemed children.
“Worship the LORD with gladness; come before Him with joyful songs.” Psalm 100:2Monks and Mystics: Vol 2 - eBook
- Grade Level▼▲
- Occasion▼▲
- Binding
From people of the Medieval church you can discover how the young Christian church moved on into another era of time. From Gregory I through to Wyclif and Hus you can discover about the crusades and the spread of Islam as well as the beginnings of universities and the Reformation.
As the church moves on through the centuries you can see its people struggling against persecution and problems from inside and out. Learn from their mistakes and errors but more importantly learn from their amazing strengths and gifts. Marvel at God's wonderful care of his people---the church---the Christian church.
Written in a modern and relaxed style this is a book that will introduce you to history without the tears and with all the wonder. Extra features throughout this book include looking deeper into issues such as Islam; Division; The Crusades; the first university; Creeds and Councils and the Renaissance.
Recommended for ages 9-14 (and adults who want to brush up on their history in a fun way!)
Product Information▼▲
Publisher's Description▼▲
From the Author▼▲
Product Reviews▼▲
- narrow4lifeRolla, MOAge: 35-44Gender: female5 Stars Out Of 5This series is great!!September 5, 2014narrow4lifeRolla, MOAge: 35-44Gender: femaleQuality: 5Value: 5Meets Expectations: 5This review was written for Monks & Mystics: Chronicles of the Medieval Church: History Lives: Volume 2.I love living history in general so when I read the first book I asked mom to get the rest of the series. I love this series because it makes history more real and easy to understand.
age 11
- Kristina4 Stars Out Of 5April 6, 2010KristinaThis review was written for Monks & Mystics: Chronicles of the Medieval Church: History Lives: Volume 2.The majority of chapters in this book present the story behind an important figure in the early church, written with the action, dialogue, and description of a good novel. Interspersed between these chapters are a few short, strictly nonfiction chapters, explaining such things as how Islam affected Christian history."What I Like: Very few of us don't enjoy reading a novel more than a dry history book. Monks and Mystics gives us the best of both worlds by giving us historic fact combined with good story telling.What I Dislike: My gripe with this book is its treatment of the Crusades. Unfortunately, many people have forgotten the fact. Overall Rating: Despite this flaw, the book is Very Good, overall.Kristina SeleshankoChristian Children's Book Review
Ask a Question▼▲.I love soup season (even if it’s shorter in Texas)! There are as many variations of tortilla soup as there are flavors of enchiladas. The base of this recipe came from The Junior League of El Paso cookbook, Seasoned with Sun, and was a gift from David’s mom. I have added chicken and avocado to make this recipe more hearty. If temps are warm where you are, crank down the AC and let this soup warm you up!
Happy Anniversary Mom and Dad!
Ingredients:
1. 1 small onion, chopped
2. 1 – 4 oz. can chopped green chiles, drained
3. 2 cloves garlic, crushed
4. 2 T vegetable oil
5. 1 c peeled and chopped tomatoes (@ 2-3 tomatoes which I didn’t peel)
6. 10 ½ oz. beef stock
7. 10 ½ oz. chicken broth
8. 1 ½ c water
9. 1 ½ c tomato juice
10. 1 t ground cumin
11. 1 t chile powder
12. 1 t salt
13. 1/8 t pepper
14. 2 t Worcestershire sauce
15. 1 T bottled steak sauce (like A1)
16. 3 corn tortillas, cut in ½ inch strips
17. ¼ c shredded cheddar cheese
18. Cooked chicken, cut into bite size pieces, optional
19. Avocado, cut into chunks, optional
Sauté onion, chiles and garlic in oil until soft. Add ingredients #5-15. Bring soup to a boil; lower heat and simmer covered for 1 hour. Add tortillas and chicken and simmer 10 minutes longer. Spoon into a bowl and top with cheese and avocado.
Delicious soup for you and 5 others!Two embarrassing things
1. Thing the first: you know how you keep seeing the ads for Stylista and saying aloud, "Please, who would watch that?" I would, as it turns out. AND I LOVE IT. I hate Anne Slowey; I hated her on Runway, because I felt that someone who didn't use conditioner didn't get to suck a sourball in the direction of Austin Scarlett, and I hate her columns in Elle because she's trying to be Diana Vreeland and they only made one Diana Vreeland. But I like the show — I don't know if Megan is actually like that or playing a character, but I don't care, and also, SHUT UP KATE — and I like Anne on it. And Joe Zee is my new boyfriend. If you are the other person watching the show, please: discuss.
2. I went to a New Kids concert. On purpose. Not a mistake I'll make again.
Tags: Anne Slowey Austin Scarlett Diana Vreeland don't judge me hangin' tough hilare Joe Zee music Stylista TV
Honestly, I went to their show when they came through D.C. out of curiousity, nostalgia, and to accompany a friend whose husband (wisely) refused to go–and I had a GREAT time. They put on a really good stage show, they had obviously put a lot of time into rehearsals, and were VERY excited to be back there together. The sold out crowd of 99% women did not stop screaming the entire time and sang along to everything; it made me feel like (despite the admitted difference in MUSICAL quality) I had been able to experience what Beatlemania was like in the beginning. I was embarrassed before I went, but afterward, I left feeling like it was just a lot of fun. Plus Natasha Bedingfield opened for them and she was REALLY good. I didn't realize how much was really her talent and HUGE voice versus studio tricks.
I went to one of the NKOTB concerts in the Chicagoland area and thought my eardrums were going to burst. As I stood there with my hands plugging my ears between songs, I thought "This is it. This is the moment when I officially got old." Other than the excessive noise level, I had a great time with my friends though. The homemade shirts and signs were one of the best parts – one girl had a sign telling Jordan "I'm legal now! (and on the pill)." Also fun – watching the mostly extremely uncomfortable guys who had been talked into coming with their girlfriends.
I'm watching it, but right now it's too heavy on the "these are the people you should hate." I most like the shows that start off giving you someone to roll your eyes at but balance it with someone to root for, so you get "Look at these assholes we threw in a room together!" but also, "This guy's one to watch." Hopefully it will hit its stride.
Curses to you, Bunting! I now have a Step By Step earworm, and it'll be here for days.
(Great article, though :))
New Kids? Sars, really? I'd consider quitting over THAT shit.
Reminds me of the poem I found in Sassy magazine (mrmmfrm) years ago. I haven't been able to shake most of it out of my brain since.
It actually contained the line "Jon says little either."
GAH.
I think it's terrible, but also weirdly mesmerizing. (I'm talking Stylista.) Anne Slowey is SO BAD — so stiff and weird and trying too hard. The whole show, really, is like that, but I like the structure, with the combination of an editorial task and a lowlife assistant task.
I missed last week's Stylista because I'm in too much denial about watching it to get the TiVo season pass, but dear God I'm getting sucked in.
I watch Stylista. I'm 36 and have a Ph.D. We have nothing to be ashamed of, HA. I do wish they had vetted the kids a bit more, I'd like to see more smarts and likeability and less cluelessness (a true fashion follower not know what a dart is? Girl, please). But overall, A for addictive.
Heh, I got sucked into watching Stylista in the beginning because I loved Johanna's blog. But I spend most of the time going "Really, Megan/Kate?!"
Kate's going to cry her way to the top spot, isn't she?
Stylista is weirdly mesmerizing, particularly when Anne Slowey tries to walk in stilettos. I also enjoy that one Elle staff person who seems to be angrily contemptuous of all the contestants.
I just wish the producers would realize that petty bickering and bitchery is not as compelling as they believe it is. Can we see them actually working for once?
I've only seen episode 2 at this point, but I thoroughly enjoyed it. Yeah, it's a whole lotta drama queens, but I'm enjoying it for its twisted glimpses into glossy magazine editorial processes. I find it's a delicious albeit cheesy companion to Ugly Betty.
Yesterday was the first time I didn't sit all the way through Stylista, which was probably due to my roommate and my friend who I watch it with leaving to study, so I had to turn it off to avoid having other people seeing me watch crap alone. We actually started watching it because my aforementioned friend is a casual acquaintance of Danielle, and we want to see how long she makes it.
Anne Slowey's nieces were creepy as hell.
If Anne Slowey needs a stylist! Could the dress she wore for the "identify the following clothing details" mannequin-dress-off be any less flattering on her? She lookd like she was several months pregnant, not in a good way.
"Sylista" is a horrible and wonderful train wreck that I love watching. Kate, however, is getting too annoying for her own good, and I'm so ready for her to go. As for the NKOTB concert–oh, Sars. That is all.
Stylista? Ob-sessed. I have never wanted to punch a reality contestant/character in the teeth as much as I do Megan, and yet I thoroughly enjoy every second of her screen time. I love all the handwringing and the "If ____ gets kicked off, then I just have NO FAITH IN THE WORLD!!" and even the weird way Anne Slowey talks. (Side note: She's had a bit of a makeover since her Runway days, no?) I'm also amused at the disdain for Johanna because she's so *serious* and *professional* and acting like she actually wants *a job* or something.
I was watching Stylista, but after the party presentations I realized I actually was disliking everything, so I flipped over to whatever PBS was showing. :) I wanted to like it, but I just cannot STAND Anne's cardboard speeches, and her outfits! And her walking! Gah. The contestants finally were *too* much for me. I agree with the earlier commenter that they need to give us a better balance of bitchy whining *and* good stuff.
As for the parties – these people had 50 bucks and THOSE presentations are all they came up with?!?! Lordy.
I don't like it when the contestants spend their entire times bitching and griping and plotting and scheming. I agree, give us more time with them actually working and talking fashion!
Why did anyone think letting NKOTB out of their cell was a good idea?
I have never gotten the appeal of boy bands. They're so…fake. Even in fifth grade (I think?) when my friends were all into them, I had to fake that I gave a crap. I think I declared that Jonathan was my "crush" in there (everyone had to have one? why?) because he was still cute, but a lot less showy than the other ones in the front.
Cara and camelama – THANK you, on Slowey's … "walk" … I'm unfamiliar with her, but the first shot of her had me comparing her (unflatteringly) to Peg Bundy, with her wonderful Candie's totter.
Ella: I really fear she is. Yeep. Also – hee.
Rachel, SO creepy. And unpleasant. (I make the second comment because there are some creepy people who make for extra-fun viewing and I'd love to have a beer with; the distinction is therefore semi-important.)
Dear God, Sars. Were you "Hangin' Tough"? What would POSSESS you to go to a NKOTB concert? Oh wait, are you a couple years younger than me? Because I remember my younger sister, at age 12, being completely obsessed with NKOTB. And unfortunately I had to share a teeny tiny room with her for about six months, and I nearly went insane. Imagine a fifteen year old goth (we called in "mod" back then) girl with all black clothes, listening to the Cure, Depeche Mode, the Smiths, etc….and one wall of her bedroom is plastered with pictures of friggin Joey McIntyre.
And I just watched Stylista for the first time last night. Kate is annoying as hell, isn't she?
Well, you kind of have to read the article I linked to. I wasn't into them at the time; I didn't hate them with a passion or anything, I just didn't care. (When they first broke big, I was in late high school, which was out of the main demo, although you did have some oogy 40-year-old women who were super into Little Joey. He turned out pretty hot, but back then? Gross, ladies.)
But they were such a cringey symbol of the "fashions" of the time that when Trog suggested we get tickets, I was totally for it, if only for the people-watching.
And then I got an assignment to write it up, which made it slightly easier to explain to civilians, but I can't lie, I got the tickets ages ago.
I'm watching and enjoying. I think is the show that The Apprentice: Martha Stewart really wanted to be. Except I'm starting to suspect Kate might be a ringer. I mean, come on. She can't really be that way. But if she is, no wonder she couldn't hack law school.
Sars, I can understand you completely – I'm a bit older than you, so it was Duran Duran I could live without back then. And Prince. And MJ (him I still can live without, but I've grudingly admitted liking some of his pre-surgical grooves). But given a chance I'd totally go see DD now.
A few years ago, I went to see something even worse than NKOTB: Sebastian Bach. After his gig as the Phantom on Broadway, a friend and I felt that (a) it would be fun to watch this guy when he was down, and (b) the people-watching would absolutely have to be primo.
Weren't we shocked when it turned out he could seriously sing. I was actually impressed, and he put on a good show (yeah, you have to be able to tolerate the music; but we were charter 80s bimbii, so it was okay with us). Weird.
Sometimes, nostalgia makes for an interesting guilty pleasure.
***
BTW, as a 40 year old woman myself now, I find it incomprehensibly oogy, the idea of someone my age even LOOKING at someone practically in his/her teens.
I take a certain pride – and care – in not knowing thing one about The Jonas Brothers (who wouldn't even have been attractive to me "back then", not for nothing) and being a little surprised to find out that "Ashley Tisdale" was an actual person, not a jokey stereotype made up for that one Secret commercial I saw a few months ago …
I was in the NKOTB demographic back in the day, and I never saw the appeal. I was never the squeally boycrazy type, so I didn't really get the whole boy band appeal. (In college, I warmed up to the fluffy poppiness of some boy band songs, but NOT the same thing.) I never owned a single NKOTB tape or piece of merchandise, but I do remember watching the short-lived New Kids cartoon with my cousin, who was a few years older than me and OBSESSED. She tried to make her friends jealous by pretending she went to a concert. Her "evidence"? Photos of concert footage off the TV. Yeah. Not that convincing.
Oh lord… I loathed NKOTB, although I liked a couple of their songs. I admit that for a while, I did think Donnie was pretty cute. I had friends who were INSANE fans – one girl I knew papered her entire room (I think maybe the floor was bare) with every TeenBop, BigBopper, etc. poster she could get her hands on.
I happened to catch their recent video release – it was at the gym, I was on the treadmill, I had no headphones, and my trainer was talking to me, so I couldn't tell you if the song was any good. All I know is that Donnie was trying hard to look sexy while wearing a white undershirt and trying REALLY hard to suck in his gut (unsuccessfully – you could see it making every effort to escape) and it was pretty darned funny.
I was in Jr High when NKOTB was big. I HATED them. I was way too cool and only listened to Poison and Warrant. But, my mom made me go with my little cousin who was about 9 at the time, to see NKOTB in concert.
Oh my god, you guys… I had SO MUCH FUN!!! I totally did NOT want to admit it, but I did. Back in the day, they put on a great show. And, I'm ashamed to say that I lovingly sported my Jonathan Knight t-shirt afterward. Apparently my gaydar was a little off back then.
My little cousin, who is now 26, went to see them recently and loved it. I just couldn't bring myself to be that uncool again in my life though.
I think "Jon says little either" will be the first line of my next (first) novel.
Well I was a massive fan back in the day, I think my room was entirely wallpapered with New Kids pictures much to the despair of my mother who quite liked the blue wallpaper she picked out for me initially…
I wish I could get to see them, but it's almost guaranteed they won't make it down to Australia, few acts do (boo!) but I did see an interview with them that was quite hilarious in which Joe McIntyre admitted that now that they're all in their thirties they can only do the 'New Kids Dance' for about two minutes before they all have to sit down and take a rest.
I remember going to their concert sometime around 90-91 and seeing their Limo speeding off down Batman Avenue with sobbing tweenie girls hanging all over it… good times.
I've been watching stylista too. I like it, I think, although I feel like it doesn't do a lot with the potential it has to be amusing. I mean, what we want to see is the pretty clothes people pick for fashion spreads, not the way they layout the pictures of Chinatown for a lifestyle article. I know that is the kind of task the job generally entails, but ANTM avoids showing me the constant crushing task of remaining skinny so surely this program could lay off the boring detail tasks.
also, I wish someone would post it online somewhere because I keep missing it and it's pissing me off.
NKOTB were a standing joke-meme between my college roommate and I in their heyday (St. Olaf, class of '91, so age 39 now.) I thought it was clear that we were joking, but when the tour came around last month, another college friend asked, in all earnestness, if I was going to the show. Um, no, despite it being free at the Mall and everything. (Shudder.)
However, I did go to the Duran Duran concert in 2004, when they made their original-lineup comeback, and bought a t-shirt and the hardbound tour book and buttons and everything. I've avoided seeing my original band-crush, Styx, though, because a.) I'm not a state fair grandstand show kind of person and b.) they're not really Styx anymore.
Don't be ashamed. I went to the NSync concert ALONE back in the summer of 2001 ($75 for that ticket!). I was 27 and probably the oldest person there not working security or accompanying a kid, and I screamed just as loud as the 12-year-olds in front of me. I also bought a tee shirt and a fake backstage pass. I am only ashamed because when Duran Duran, my favorite band for over 20 years, came to town a few years later, I balked at paying $83 to see them. Fortunately, I ended up winning tickets through a local radio station.
Hee! Loved the article, particularly your mention of Vanilla Ice; NKOTB was *almost* my first concert (plans fell through), while Vanilla Ice actually *was* my first. Yeesh.
And yes, this whole thing does make me feel old.
I couldn't stand NKOTB back in the day, but of course with the continued airplay on the radio and on TV knew every damn lyric of every hit song.
I remember going out on a date with a guy I worked with (I was 19, he was about 4 years older) and as we drove to the restaurant he told me he had this really cool song I should hear…I said ok, and 'Hangin' Tough' came blaring out of the speakers. I was already to start snarking on his song choice when I realized he was bopping away to the music and snapping his fingers and just flat-out grooving…..it was all I could do not to open the car door and leap out on the freeway (especially after the fourth repeat on the cd)….sigh…first (and last) date.
@Rill: I had the same experience, but it was Milli Vanilli. Seriously considered the old tuck-and-roll.
I went to the NKOTB concert in DC and we (my group of friends and I) found it to be a hilarious and fun experience. Another friend of mine went with her roommate and did not have nearly as much fun as we did.
Key difference between the fun having group and the bored person – the liberal application of alcohol, and sneaking in of a flask. Just like in 1990!
So, I sent the link to my little cousin.
Her reply:
"Saw the show twice â€“ I think I teared up the first time."
The New Kids going on tour is such a smart move. Their fanbase is still in tact and more devoted than ever. Plus, I'd imagine that the show is actually very entertaining and a great experience.
I decided that Stylista is worth watching when Kate started crying at the 24 minute mark. Tears! In less than a half hour. It's awesome.
Kate reminds of some of the girls I went to cosmetology school with. They thought they were going to sit around and curl their own hair for nine months. I don't think Kate knows a damned thing about fashion. Her being right about the shopping page seems like a fluke to me.
Diane, your comparison of Anne Slowey to Peg Bundy is right on. And hilarious.
@Sars: I hate her columns in Elle because she's trying to be Diana Vreeland and they only made one Diana Vreeland.
I'm happy to say that I was way out of NKOTB's demographic. They were barely on my radar.
You speak the truth. Even Anna Wintour couldn't pull that off.
Yeah, Stylista is terrible but entertaining–the single bitchiest show I think I've ever seen. My Big Question: How do you get to be editor of a fashion magazine if you can't walk in heels? Believe me, all the underlings can. I used to work three floors down from In Style and get the up-and-down from the staffers in the elevator every morning…
I watched the show one time because it was on. I thought, what the hell is this and then I could not stop watching because I just could not believe there are actually people like that. I was amazed and mesmerized…Rick Perry ought to remember his $35 million Texas Enterprise Fund gift to The Carlyle Group's Vought Aircraft Aviation in 2004. The Carlyle Group is a private equity underwriter (PEU) like "vulture capitalist" Bain & Company.
Governor Perry bragged how the Vought TEF award would bring 3,000 new jobs to Texas. They never came, a fact the media has been unable to find.
South Carolina's Vought went on to gunk up Dreamliner production. The nightmare ended when Boeing bought out Vought's 787 associated facilities, or so they thought. SEC filings show:
On July 30, 2009, Vought Aircraft Industries sold the assets and operations of its 787 business conducted at North Charleston, South Carolina ("the Boeing sale agreement") to a wholly owned subsidiary of The Boeing Company ("Boeing"). Following the acquisition of Vought by the Company, Boeing has asserted various breaches to the Boeing sale agreement which include alleged losses from aircraft tooling, flawed inventory management and problems with spare parts. The Company and its counsel are continuing to obtain additional information related to the various issues asserted by Boeing.This sheds light on Carlyle's expertise as an operator, given 787 production ramped up under Carlyle's ownership.
Vought's Texas job commitment rang hollow from the Palmetto flim-flam and failed promises to relocate production from Tennessee and Florida.
On February 26, 2004, we announced plans to consolidate portions of our manufacturing operations to Dallas and Grand Prairie, Texas. The plans include renovating and modernizing the Dallas and Grand Prairie facilities, closing the facilities in Nashville and Stuart and moving their operations to Dallas and Grand Prairie and reducing the size of the Hawthorne facility. The final planned completion dates of closing the Stuart and Nashville facilities are December 31, 2005 and December 31, 2006, respectively.It never happened, like Vought's employment promises. Vought Aircraft Industries employed 3,350 in Texas when it signed on to add 3,000 more jobs, for a total of 6,350 Texas positions.
Vought's company wide employment danced around its Texas commitment The company decided not to fulfill its Texas promises in 2005.
Amounts previously disclosed for 2004 have been updated to reflect a reclassification of $35 million in grants received from the State of Texas from operating activities to financing activities..That's a sweet non-debt, non-equity capital injection. Who wouldn't want $35 million to invest for five years Scott free?
Rick Perry's Texas Enterprise Fund spreadsheet indicates Vought provided 3,000 jobs with a total impact of 29,377 jobs. Vought provided 3,350 Texas jobs when Perry pushed suitcases of cash on Carlyle: Not only did Carlyle not add 3,000 jobs, they cut 35. Rick Perry gave "vulture capitalists" $1 million per job lost.
Look how Vought characterized the grant. In 2005 the company stated:.
On February 26, 2004 we announced plans to consolidate portions of our manufacturing operations to Dallas and Grand Prairie, Texas. We received a $35 million grant from the Texas Enterprise Fund in April 2004 and are in the process of working with the Texas General Land Office and several other state and local agencies to help us accomplish the consolidation. By accepting this grant, the Company is obligated to add 3,000 jobs in Texas over the next 6 years with a prorated penalty (based on any shortfall in our ability to maintain a total of 6,000 jobs in Texas with the total penalty amount not to exceed the amount of the grant) assessed beginning in 2010 if that goal is not reached.
Contrast this with their 2010 description:
In March 2005 we were awarded a $35 million Texas Enterprise Fund grant to assist in increasing employment levels at our Texas facilities. This grant requires that we maintain certain employment levels at our Texas facilities.. .
When 2010 arrived and Vought failed miserably on its TEF promises, two things happened. Rick Perry renegotiated the deal in secret, enabling Vought to refund the paltriest amount.
Carlyle then sold Vought to Triumph, who now has the TEF obligation. Vulture capitalists chose not to refund Texas taxpayers from their ample profits.
Over the course of my tenure as governor of Texas, we've helped created a climate where 1 million jobs have been created.
Nearly 30,000 of those are a bald face lie. Even a Presidential run couldn't bring these facts to light. The media didn't have to conduct research. PEU Report has numerous posts, complete with links to Perry's fictitious report and Vought's SEC filings.
Rick Perry caters to vulture capitalists, when he isn't calling them names. The media is unaware, ignorant or also catering to the privileged class of super billionaires and their politician benefactors..
Update 2-4-12: Governor Perry wants to give companies a break from job incentive reporting requirements. More opacity from a vulture capitalist lover.Research Collaborations
Vaccines
The HAI-IDR has focused on two yet unsolved challenges posed by viral hepatitis, therapeutic vaccines against HBV and prophylactic vaccines against HCV. With a view to the future expansion into other infectious diseases, moreover, the focus has been on developing platforms and technologies that can later on be applied to other infectious diseases as well. These common platforms and technologies include:
- Tailoring viral interactions with antigen presenting cells
- Tailoring vaccine adjuvants
- Tailoring vaccine vectors
- Analysis of anti-viral immunityNatalie Morales Raves About Age Difference Between Boys
When it comes to infertility, Natalie Morales has a message: Trust your instincts!
The Today Show co-anchor, 37, notes in a new interview with the premiere issue of Mom that it took 2 ½ years to become pregnant with her second child, 15-month-old Luke Hudson, and even then it was only after undergoing intrauterine insemination.
“I think the key is, if you feel it is taking too long and you are in your mid-30s, as I was, go talk to somebody,” she advises. “Don’t wait.”
“Sometimes doctors say, ‘Oh don’t worry, just wait.’ But if it’s been about a year and you are having trouble, go and see a doctor and find out what’s wrong or what’s happening with your body.”
Baby boy was worth the wait, of course, especially for new big brother Josh, 5 ½.
“I think the age difference has actually worked to my benefit, because from day one Josh was so excited,” she notes. “He always wants to kiss and hold the baby.”
Life as a mom-of-two is “the most amazing thing,” Natalie says.
“You think you can’t love a child anymore than you do, but seeing how much [Josh] loves his younger brother, that love intensifies.”
Click below to read about Natalie’s tips for potty training, and Josh’s emerging sense of humor.
The smooth transition isn’t only attributable to the age difference between her sons, however. “Parenting experts on [the Today Show] told me: ‘Just make sure you make your first child feel so special the day when the newborn comes,'” Natalie reveals.
Josh is coming into his own, developing a sense of humor on par with many of the adults in his life. “We were staying at a hotel and Josh said he wanted to use the bathroom and he was taking quite a long time, so my husband [Joe Rhodes] called out and asked ‘Are you OK in here? Are you making a poopy?'” Natalie recalls. “And Josh answered, ‘No, Daddy, I’m in here playing the tambourine!’ Where does he come up with that sarcasm at the age of 5?”
That Josh was on the potty at all is something Natalie says is no small feat; When asked whether he was easy to potty train, she answers with a resounding: “No!”
“Any parent who goes through it knows it’s not easy. We had accidents up until he was 4-years-old.”
What ultimately worked for the couple was employing the “naked weekend” approach, whereby Josh went without clothes. “Whenever he had to go to the bathroom, [we made] sure he knew how to communicate that, or spotting the signs and putting him on the potty,” Natalie explains.
Crediting her “great support system” for her ability to balance work and family, Natalie feels that — at the same time — it’s important for women to “accept our limitations,” and give credit where credit is due. When told she is a “hot mom,” she expresses gratitude, but is quick to point out, “I think all moms are hot, and I think what we do is in itself pretty amazing.”
“There’s no question that moms today are [doing] more: We are the caregivers, the providers in the workforce…we do it all. I think every mom out there right now is a Hot Mom!”
Source: Mom, Winter issueHECPAAA
Hoffman Estates Citizen Police Academy Alumni Association
HECPAAA
Hoffman Estates Citizen Police Academy Alumni Association
The Hoffman Estates Citizen Police Academy Alumni Association (HECPAAA) was founded in the fall of 1999. Currently, HECPAAA consists of members who have graduated from the Citizen Police Academy or Citizen Fire Academy, and who work, go to school or live in the Village of Hoffman Estates. HECPAAA is a nonprofit volunteer organization that dedicates its time to help the Hoffman Estates Police and Fire Departments with different events throughout the year.
HECPAAA is governed by a president, vice president, secretary and treasurer. The group holds meetings either monthly or bimonthly. Some of the volunteer opportunities include traffic control during the Fourth of July parade, passing out fliers, data entry, filing, bulk mailings for the Police Department, roleplaying as victims for Fire Department drills, and helping with setup for the Veterans Day ceremony and Fourth of July festival. The association is also involved in fundraising, and their efforts have led to the purchase of AEDs for squad cars, a pop-up educational trailer for the Fire Department, and the Police Department's third K-9, Bundo.
Hoffman Estates is a great community, and HECPAAA is a great way to meet new people and learn about what is means to be a Police Officer or firefighter/Paramedic.
For more information about joining HECPAAA, contact Leigh Bartkowiak.Training with Boudoir Beauty, Kellie
I have recently started taking bookings for Boudoir photography shoots. There can be some confusion as to what this type of photography is all about. For me, boudoir photography is about elegance, intimacy, romance and confidence. Finding this balance is a hard one. The images are far more soft and sensual than sexy and erotic. It is NOT glamour, erotica or nude!
At the end of January I attended a training course in Maidstone, which discussed how to achieve this balance as well as what to look for when capturing an image my client will love.
Obviously we all have parts of our body that we don’t like and none of us are perfect. Even the best positions on the slimmest of girls can cause creases in places they wouldn’t usually exist. Knowing how to spot these and disguise them is half the skill of the boudoir photographer.
On the training course we had the pleasure of working with Kellie; a recent mother who is fairly new to modelling but looking for more work in this field. Experienced models know much more about how to pose and carry themselves than the rest of us do, making the photographer’s job easier, so it was great to work with Kellie as this was as close to a real client that we could get. (Kellie didn’t mind being surrounded by paparazzi style students while also learning a few tips from the training course.)
Kellie is a fun, relaxed girl. She was patient while we all worked around her, looking for the best shots. She’s also been a great sport by signing a model release form which has allowed me to share her images publically. Obviously not many clients will agree to share their personal photographs but having shots like this is a great way of showing people what Boudoir Photography is all about 🙂
If you are looking for a natural looking model who takes direction well, Kellie is your girl.
Stats: 32E, 29in waist and 34in hipsProduct Description
The Avenger™ Model 91 has a larger annulus than the Model 95, making it better suited for coalescing applications. The walls of the bowl are thinner than the Model 95 giving it a slightly larger internal volume.
Benefits
- Helps preserve sample integrity
- Analyzer protection
- Quick and easy to install and maintain
- Economical
- Flexible installation configuration
Features
- 3 or 5 port configuration
- Can be mounted horizontally or vertically
- All primary connection ports on the headUptight Eleanor and restless Richard have ploughed everything into a house in East London. Richard adores it, but Eleanor is not so sure.
There’s a weird atmosphere on the top floor and deranged scribbles hint all was not well with their predecessors.
Money is tight, so they get a lodger - the slightly tarty, unfocused Zoe.
She’s Eleanor’s absolute opposite, but who is Eleanor these days?
What is upstairs? The tension tightens to a spectacular conclusion, but is the thing in the attic real evil, or just an accretion of everyone’s bad side?
This superbly written debut offers a Turn Of The Screw-ish take on the domestic horror genre.
Loot.co.za (R256)39 DAYS TIL DALLAS
June 2, 2007 at 3:20 am 1 comment
Yes, one month, 9 days until RWA conference. I’m losing my freaking mind waiting. Did I mention I’m impatient. Well, I’m going to savor each day. You ask how am I preparing?
I’m perfecting the art of cursing, no I mean writing out a synopsis. I’ve surpassed my writing 500 words a day resolution. Last night I wrote half a chapter. That’s about 1,200 words reminiscent of my NaNoWriMo days. (when I was actually writing)
I’m taking my PE class seriously. This will probably be the only time I’ll have access to gym equipment for FREE. Right now I’m loving life even with the ups and downs. I feel like Superwriter/mom/student/employee. Maybe all these endorphins pumping through my system. But hey I’m not going to look the gift in the horses mouth or something cliche like that.
Anyway here’s a quote that I’ve found and think explains writers’s to the T:
Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia. ~E.L. Doctorow
Entry filed under: Uncategorized.
1 Comment Add your own
Trackback this post | Subscribe to the comments via RSS Feed
1.
Jude | July 3, 2007 at 5:37 pm
Hey Mel(issa) — I look forward to your posts on RWA National. I added your blog to the blogroll on Blogging National.Delta Airlines to save $2b as oil prices drop
AS fuel prices drop following decline in crude oil prices, Delta Air lines said it is going to achieve $2 billion savings from fuel in 2015.
The airline also said it achieved a 70 percent profit increase in its financial results for the December 2014 quarter.
“Our 2014 performance – an industry-leading operation, superior customer service, and a 70 percent increase in profits – shows that Delta is focused on delivering growing value for its employees, customers and investors,” said Richard Anderson, Delta’s chief executive officer.
Anderson further said  operating revenue improved 6 percent, or $571 million, in the December 2014 quarter compared to the December 2013 quarter. Traffic increased 4.0 percent on a 3.7 percent increase in capacity.
Passenger revenue increased 4.6 percent, or $361 million, compared to the prior year period. Passenger unit revenue (PRASM) increased 0.8 percent year over year with a 0.6 percent improvement in yield.
Cargo revenue increased 2.1 percent, or $5 million, driven by increases in both freight volumes and yields. Other revenue increased 21.3 percent, or $205 million, driven by SkyMiles revenues, third-party refinery sales, and joint venture settlements.
“Delta delivered solid revenue performance in the December quarter, growing our top line by 6 percent against a backdrop of nearly 15 percent lower fuel prices,” said Ed Bastian, Delta’s president.
.”
Excluding mark-to-market adjustments, fuel expense declined $342 million driven by lower market prices and higher refinery profits. Delta’s average fuel price was $2.62 per gallon for the December quarter, which includes $180 million in settled hedge losses. At December 31, Delta had $925 million in hedge margin posted with counterparties. Operations at the refinery produced a $105 million profit for the December quarter, a $151 million improvement year-over-year.
“We expect a net year-over-year fuel price benefit of $500 million in the March quarter and will work throughout 2015 to maximize the benefit of fuel savings to our bottom line,” said Paul Jacobson, Delta’s chief financial officer. “Our margin postings are manageable in light of our strong cash generation and balance sheet.”
Consolidated unit cost excluding fuel expense, profit sharing and special items (CASM-Ex4), was up 0.5 percent in the December 2014 quarter on a year-over-year basis, with the benefits of Delta’s domestic refleeting and other cost initiatives offsetting the company’s investments in its employees, products and operations.We all know that oats are a great food, rich in complex carbohydrates and a great source of energy. But did you know that the ‘straw’ or stalks are a superb medicine also?
Oat straw is harvested while still green and is very rich in calcium, silica and magnesium. It can be taken as a tea to speed up the mending of broken bones, to keep bones strong and pliable and even to prevent osteoporosis.
It feeds and energizes the nervous system and is a prime anti-depressant yet also promotes calmness, helps relieve anxiety and stress, is a general tonic to the brain and nervous system and improves the cognitive functions of the brain. It can also be useful for people who suffer from muscle cramps.
The sexual connotations (sowing your wild oats, getting your oats etc) attached to oats are well deserved and equally apply to oat straw. It seems all parts of the plant stimulate ovulation in females and testosterone release in males, enhancing both sexual desire and performance.
As if that weren’t enough, if your doctor ever threatens you with statins, you would be wise to politely refuse and take oat straw tea instead. Not only will it lower high cholesterol, it will improve your mood, give you more energy and keep your brain and nerves firing on all cylinders.
The standard dose for oat straw tea is 1-2 teaspoons per cup, stand for 10 minutes before straining and drinking, about 3 cups daily. It is safe enough to use daily for long periods of time, years even. It is an integral ingredient in my daily nutrient tea and is a popular and well used remedy amongst herbalists.
We have some excellent organically grown oatstraw available in our shop priced at 90p for 25g .
Although oat straw in itself is not thought to contain gluten, there is a high probability of some oat grains being present as many growers include the immature flowering tops. by Kunisada Utagawa (1786-1864) is one such print. The Genji crest, and the two letters (Utsusemi) inside the cartouche, indicate that this print represents Chapter 3, "Utsusemi". Different Genji crests were assigned to each of the chapters. This print features a courtesan looking at a Go board. In Chapter 3 of "The Tale of Genji", Prince Genji
watches
Utsusemi play Go with her sister.
In Japanese, "utsusemi" means the cast-off skin of a cicada and is a metaphor for "transient life" or "ephemeral world". In the novel, Utsusemi is a court Lady who is the object of Prince Genji's romantic attention, even though she is married to the governor of Kii.
Fleecy clouds (Utsugumo) are commonly seen in prints and paintings illustrating the "Tale of Genji".
To view several versions of "Utsusemi" from the "Tale of Genji", click on any of the links below.
Utsusemi - Chapter Three (1)
Utsusemi - Chapter Three (2)
Utsusemi - Chapter Three (3)
The IGS Art Gallery (Chrysanthemum)
I G S
/
contents
I G S - a d m i n i s t r a t i o nBus Pyrzowice Silesian Voivodeship » Ostrava
Coach and bus timetable from Pyrzowice to Ostrava • 2 bus companies • Infobus and euroTicket offer • Cheap online tickets
Fares
Buy online bus tickets on Pyrzowice - Ostrava and Airport Katowice-Pyrzowice - Ostrava routes.yrzowice to Ostrava coach and bus online tickets
Pyrzowice to Ostrava timetables
If you're interested in more routes from Pyrzowice and Airport Katowice-Pyrzowice to Czech Republic, please visit Pyrzowice to Czech Republic tickets. If you're also interested in buying your return ticket, please visit Ostrava to Pyrzowice or Ostrava to other cities in Poland offer.
Check rebrutto.com news for Ostrava journeys. Use our FAQ for details on bus travel.
Benefit from wide range of our offer.Description
Specification
Surround™ Ankle Support with Air...
Ankle brace injection moulded shell and a soft foam heel pad. Two full length pre-inflated chambers lined with soft foam.
Soft, plush liner covers exterior of bladders to help reduce swelling and enhance circulation.
Air valve allows adjustment of air when desired.
Indications: acute ankle sprains and strains, chronic ankle instabilities and prophylactic use.
Enquire
- Height 25cm.new album.
Sera is one of those artists that I enjoy musically, but also admire as a person. Maybe it’s a Seattle connection. She’s involved in a lot of benefit shows in this area, I’ve seen her live, and heard her interviews on the radio a lot. She’s someone I respect a lot.Natasha Ali
Natasha Ali has been among the most familiar and well known young actresses who made her debut at young age. She made her debut with a minor role in the Pakistan Television (PTV) play 'Jaday Ka Chand'. Soon afterwards, she did a number of other plays on PTV such as 'Shikan', 'Kabhi Kabhi Pyar Main' and 'Natak Mandi'.
After the introduction of private channels in Pakistan, Natasha followed the footsteps of many other artists and explored new opportunities... ... read more
Edit Wiki
Birthday: N/A
Location: PakistanIPL-8: For Ajinkya Rahane, there's always Pravin Amre...
...but today at the Brabourne Stadium, ward and coach are in opposing camps
For Delhi Daredevils to hand Rajasthan Royals their second consecutive loss today at their new home ground, Brabourne Stadium, one man whom JP Duminy & Co would be relying to formulate a master plan would be assistant coach Pravin Amre.
Ajinkya Rahane during a practice session ahead of IPL-8 at Brabourne Stadium last month. PIC/SURESH KK inset: Pravin Amre
The Brabourne Stadium will also host Indian Premier League’s 500th match today. Not only does the Mumbai Ranji Trophy coach know RR’s Mumbai-based players — Ajinkya Rahane, Abhishek Nayar, Pravin Tambe and Dhawal Kulkarni well, Amre is also the personal coach of RR opener Rahane.
Seeking Amre’s guidance
It is a known fact that Rahane often seeks Amre’s guidance before any tournament. No wonder then Rahane, has not shied away from seeking help from the Delhi Daredevils coach even during the IPL-8.
"I have been talking to him (Amre) between games. I talk to him about my batting and my preparation. He knows my batting since he was with the Mumbai Ranji team for four years.
"His tips have been very helpful. He is a very straight-forward coach and tells me whatever is wrong with my batting. I spoke to him when we played against Delhi Daredevils in this IPL. He was very happy with my batting," said Rahane on Saturday.
However, today Amre will wish to send Rahane back in the dugout as early as possible especially after what happened when Delhi met Rajasthan last time at Feroz Shah Kotla on April 12 when Rahane slammed a 39-ball 47 as RR chased down DD’s 184-3.
"On match eve we generally mind our own business. I have to strategise how to get his wicket. It is my commitment to my team. After the match, I am always available to give advice," said Amre.
"All teams are aware how big Rahane’s wicket is. He is in form and any team would want to dismiss him early. Yes, I know his strengths and weaknesses better than anyone, but at the moment, there seems to be hardly any area where Rahane is weak. It is also a test for him. If he gets out early then I have some more work to do on his batting," Amre added.
While the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) is yet to zero in on the candidate to wear the coach's hat after Duncan Fletcher's contract ended, India pacer Dhawal Kulkarni feels his Mumbai Ranji Trophy coach Pravin Amre could be a good choice.
Kulkarni, who was with the Indian team as a back-up for injuries to the pacers during the World Cup, said Amre would be a good option.
"I feel he (Amre) can be a good coach. He has been India 'A' coach before and most of the guys (in the Indian team) know him really well," Kulkarni, who has played four ODIs, told reporters during an interaction facilitated by Rajasthan Royals on Saturday.
India's middle order batsman Ajinkya Rahane and Kulkarni's RR and Mumbai Ranji Trophy teammate, said: "Personally, Amre sir has been really good for me."-50% Ester Ajusko dress black, beige
- Delivery in 2–6 days
- Shipping costs from 10 GBP
- Free returns 14 days
- DescriptionThe Ester dress is made of a viscose crepe fabric in a black and beige Ajusko pattern. The dress has a concealed zipper at the back seam, loose short sleeves, pockets at the side seams and a straight cut to the knee-length hemline.InformationProduct code: 044995
Color ID: 980
Color: black, beige
Series: Ajusko crepe
Pattern: Ajusko
Pattern Designer: Annika Rimala
Made in: Estonia
Fitting: Normal Fit
Height Of Model (cm): 177
Size the model is wearing: 36
Length of product in size M/38: 100.00 cm
Material and care
RecommendationsShopping for low cost homeowners insurance in New Hampton, IA does not have to be difficult. We are here to help you find and compare multiple providers. Simply enter your Zip in the form above and you will be taken to a page which will list the top most reputable home insurance companies in your Chickas Hampton, Hampton, IA home insurance quotes use our simple comparison tool and you will be ahead of most regular consumers who do not do their own comparison or rely on an agent to do it for them.
More Homeowners Insurance Tips for New Hampton, Iowa
A lot of states mandate that you must have some kind of property owners insurance coverage. That sales opportunities some men and women to get a weak plan just to abide the regulation rather than receiving a robust plan to safeguard their loved ones and residence. Don't quick-modify your self listed here examine out these guidelines on obtaining a wonderful insurance coverage plan.
To make confident that you are paying out the cheapest amount on your homeowner's insurance policy, evaluate the value of your insurance policy coverage to yet another company's guidelines at least once a calendar year. You ought to also review your existing policy and mark any adjustments that may possibly have transpired which could reduce your high quality.
Before you get a home, find out how much insurance policy runs in the area you are thinking about. In some places, property owners insurance policies is extremely higher owing to a amount of aspects. For case in point, if the home is situated in a flood zone or an location exactly where hurricanes are to be predicted, substantial insurance policy prices are also to be anticipated.
If you want to file a claim with your homeowner's insurance policy company, do so promptly. Rapidly react to any ask for for info as totally as you can. The much more details the insurance policies firm has, the faster they can method your assert. Also, considerably injury experienced by houses will only worsen with time, which means that if you permit it sit, the expense will be increased.
Reduced rates are some thing we all want. A greater deductible is one particular way you can accomplish this. The bigger the deductible, the more compact the rates will be. Make positive you preserve enough income reserves to manage smaller sized troubles that will now be your duty.
When getting insurance for your genuine estate you should talk to several agents just before making the determination. Most brokers can give a discount for a number of insurance policies getting created for a single consumer so the idea that they might get all your company would have some currently being far more competitive on the fee.
To decrease the price tag of your house insurance policy, you want to reduce the risks of incident. You can start by buying fireplace evidence household furniture and resources. Set up smoke detectors and hearth extinguishers. Your insurance coverage firm will think about your property as safer, and in case of fire you must be in a position to incorporate the fireplace a lot more simply.
There are several factors that can cause your property to get rid of benefit. You can rely hearth as 1 of these items. Make confident that your plan shields you in the event of a fire and other disasters if you are prone to them in your spot. Search at your policy, and then request your agent any queries you have to be certain your property is properly protected against these damages.
If you have youngsters absent at college, research your house owner's insurance policies protection plan to see if their possessions in the dormitory are covered. Most guidelines give some protection in scenario of theft or injury as extended as the little one is element of your household, but it also depends on the price of their possessions. If your kid is living off-campus in an condominium, they might not be coated at all.
You need to have to determine out how a lot it would cost to in fact change your residence, and then get adequate insurance policies to include that cost. The design price of your house normally boosts. Maintain this in mind so that if the worst have been to happen, you will have the funds you need in buy to rebuild. Do that before some thing occurs.
Take into account your insurance coverage rates when you add improvements to your present home. In most instances wooden structures are far more high-priced to insure as they are incredibly flammable. Take into account additions employing concrete, brick or steel frames as their insurance policy high quality is substantially decrease. Other probably harmful enhancements, these kinds of as swimming pools can enhance your premiums significantly.
Picking the proper volume of home operator protection, needs tons of thing to consider. Maintain in brain that the policy's objective is not to spend off your mortgage in circumstance of a disaster, but to pay out for fixing the damages. Select an amount that comfortably handles the full rebuilding of your house, without you getting to add as well considerably from your cash reserve.
If you are buying for a new homeowner's insurance policy policy, you must appear for consumer friendly businesses. You will want to deal with a business that is capable to easily method any promises you might have. Verify out testimonials from present, as nicely as former, clients of the insurance policy businesses you are contemplating for some impartial opinions.
The ideas located here are a fantastic way to discover the ideal, most reasonably priced coverage for your needs. It is easy with this knowledge. This info, when put to use, can create wonderful final results. Decide on the insurance program that will give you all the defense you want.Bematlab ki duniya ka kissa hi khatm ,
Ab jis tarah ki duniya us tarah ke hum.Share on Facebook
Tags: 2line shayri, beautiful shayri, beautiful sms, Bematlab ki duniya, Bewfai vale sms, Duniya vale Shayri, Latest message, New message, new sms, Tit for Tat vale smsFiled Under 2 Lines Shayari, Hindi Shayari, Sad Thoughts, SMS Shayari . Follow to this entry through the RSS 2.0feed.
If you would like to make a comment, please fill out the form below.A special home is needed for a Long Island, New York, dog who spent his entire life tethered to a heavy chain. The dog, a Labrador retriever mix named “Bear,” lived for 15 years outside…his family had obtained him to be a protector of property, not an indoor companion, reported the New York Post. Thanks to the Guardians of Rescue, last week Bear was not only freed from his chain, but the rescue agency also managed to convince his owners to relinquish custody.
Robert Misseri, the rescue group’s Founder, described Bear’s former existence to the New York Post:
“We received a call about a dog in need of a doghouse,.”
The elderly dog’s life has dramatically changed since he was freed from the chain. Not only has he been bathed and vetted, but he is being treated to doggy adventures that he never could have imagined. Bear was recently taken on a beach outing where he could sniff the salt air, mingle with ducks and seagulls, and put his paws in the water.
He even enjoyed a Puppuccino from Starbuck’s secret doggy-menu, went to a pet store to pick out his own new toy, and gobbled up an ice cream treat. All that is missing from this senior boy’s life is the love and companionship from his very own family.
On Sunday, Guardians of Rescue reminded its Facebook followers that Bear may be free, but he needs a forever home:
Bear is still looking for his new forever family. He spent 15 years on a chain, and it is time this wonderful old dog has a comfy bed, in a warm house with lots of toys and love.
Bear is at the Long Island Save-A-Pet Animal Shelter. On Monday, the shelter wrote:
Let’s help find Bear a home! Bear spent his entire life chained up outside. Our rescue partner Guardians Of Rescue was able to get the owner to surrender him. He lived on a chain outside for 15 years. Please stop in to meet there at Save A Pet all he needs is love
Inquiries about Bear should be sent via email to info@guadiansofrescue.org.
Guardians of Rescue on Facebook here.
Save-A-Pet Shelter on Facebook here.
Guardians of Rescue website here.
(Photos screenshots via Guardians of Rescue FB)
Happy to say Bear has been adopted by a fur baby lover. She is amazing and bear will live the rest of his days in doggie bliss
Hello…if none of the above are able to adopt Bear, please put me on the list. I will love him for the rest of his days. I am a senior with a fenced in yard. I sit other pets and he would be in GREAT company!!! Barbara
I applied to adopt Bear! I would love to be his mommy and show him what it feels like to be pampered and loved..
Hi Kerrie. Please give us any updates. Thank you!!
I would like to adopt Bear. My husband and I saw Lauren Glassbergs piece on Channel 7 and our hearts melted. I am semi retired and my husband is in the vet business so we know how to take care of animals. We live in Garden City so he will have a good home. Thank you.
I would love to adopt Bear!! I am going to try sending an e-mail to Guardians of Rescue.
Go to save a pet in Port jeff station. That’s where he is
If he could be transported to Australia, I would adopt him to join my many spoilt former death row dogs(fur kids.)
I hope that Bear finds a loving home. He deserves it. Senior dogs need love you. God bless you guys. Please keep us updated about Bear,
Someone please help Bear find the wonderful loving home that he needs and deserves. No sweet boy should be treated like he has been for all these years. Give him a family that will love and protect him for the rest of his life.
This is a great thing that has been done. Ole sweetheart deserves a home and all the love in the world.
If only I had the money and means to get him here to Wisconsin. I love senior dogs my 2 are 14 and 12 seniors are the best. I will pray for him to find a perfect forever home…
Tammy , ask them if they can transport Bear
The Guardians are absolute angels. Thank you Guardians of Rescue for rescuing Bear and all the precious lives you save. Bear has been blessed with the touch of love and kindness of others. I am praying that Bear finds a loving family to give him tne forever home he so desrves. Guardians please keep us updated about Bear. Thank you🙏🐶💕A few days ago I have enabled a new chat client inside te4.org to let you talk to the ingame community!
Simply login on your te4.org account and go to you will see a link to the live version.
You just need a modernish browser (websocket support) and to have logged ingame at least once.
Have fun!
- darkgod's blog
- Login or register to post commentsPretty gorgeous, isn’t it? This has been the latest project, made from felted alpaca fleece. Yup, those wonderfully cute critters with the incredibly soft fur and long eye lashes.
This was an experiment in conjunction with GTF Alpacas in Pinedale AZ. I used to work with one of the owners in another life. Over a year ago, they sent me some fleeces that had been cleaned and felted. What could I do with them?
We exchanged pictures – could you make something like this? Or that? Basically they were looking for something wearable to show in their boutique, and I couldn’t pass up the chance to try making something different.
Unfortunately 2015 intervened, and I wasn’t able to do anything with the fleeces until recently. I thank them profusely for their understanding and patience.
Alpaca fleeces are big! They covered the whole cutting table. They are also uni-directional. No nap to worry about. And thick. And soft. And the Hellboys liked them A Lot!
Which meant the actual pattern layout and cutting had to be done when they were napping, lest I have the most rambunctious cat weights imaginable. (The boys get to play with the leftover cuttings).
There was stitching experimentation required. A regular seam was much too thick. A lapped seam with a triple-zig stitch worked best. Then I could carefully trim any excess from the back. The stitches sunk into the fleece delightfully. Almost invisible.
I didn’t have to bind the edges, since this is a felt, but thought it would give a more professional look. Some were bound, some weren’t. I was after a little bit of everything, while still staying within the style parameters.
In all, two fleeces yielded four vests, two of which are short, like the one pictured, two which are longer with shawl collars. This particular fleece was my favorite. I liked the brown patches (undyed, came straight from the ‘paca that way).
Fascinating…….totally out of sight.California Native PlantsYerba Buena Nursery [click on photo for larger version] More photos of this plant: [Sorry, additional photos are not available] Botanic Name: Achillea millefolium 'Calistoga' Common Name: Grey-Leaved Yarrow Size: 1'h x 3'w Sun: Sun-Part Shade H20: Occ.H2O/dry Type: both Resistance: mediumMore on Deer... More on Oaks... View the List... Description: A selection of our native Yarrow, this plant is identical to the straight species except that it has wooly gray foliage instead of the typical green. Yarrow is a valued garden plant for many reasons, including its showy late spring flowers, lacy foliage, as a food source for butterflies, and its adaptability to a variety of conditions, including sun, dappled light, drought,As we get closer to All Hallows Eve here’s some dark and dray 70’s fun. I’m probably one of the only people that remembers this cartoon but if your a fan old animation, Gilda Radner and silly spooky pranks this video is worth a watch. It also has the song “Witch Magic” which is more than delightful.
AdvertisementsAfter beginning the week on Monday and Tuesday posting solid gains, the last few days have seen gold and silver retreat a bit. This retreat is none too unusual considering the fact that both the US Dollar and US equity markets are performing better. With that said, the first few days of this week saw equity markets around the world lose a lot of value thanks to global economic worries. Those worries have since calmed down a bit, but they will undoubtedly still be lingering on the minds of investors.
This week has played host to quite a bit of economic data from around the world, but those reports from the United States have been the most important. As we look forward, the attention of the marketplace will slowly but surely be drawn to the upcoming European Central Bank meeting as it is widely believed that an important monetary policy shift will be announced then.
Though this week has been dominated by economic data from around the world, it is becoming quite evident that investors are much more concerned with the future of monetary policies across the globe. Just yesterday, the minutes from the FOMC’s December meeting were released and, much to the surprise of almost no one, those minutes showed that the Fed is in no rush to hike interest rates in the United States. According to the minutes, the Fed plans on keeping interest rates at near-zero levels at least through the first quarter of 2015.
Though some investors may be confused as to why interest rates aren’t being hiked in the middle of such a robust period of economic growth in the United States, but the simple answer to that is that it takes much more than solid economic growth at home for the Fed to become convinced that interest rates should, indeed be hiked.
In addition to all this focus on the FOMC, many investors are already beginning to speculate with regard to what the outcome of the upcoming European Central Bank meeting will be. As it stands, most investors are anticipating that the EU’s central bank will announce a shift in monetary policy by way of introducing a government bond-buying initiative very similar to the United States’ quantitative easing. Though it is not a definite that such an announcement will be made at the next ECB meeting, this is what many investors believe. This thought alone has been enough to push the Euro’s value downward even further. In fact, many market experts expect that the Euro will be beaten down even further as this year plays out. This, of course, is great news for the US Dollar and all those who are invested in it.
Opt-in to the BuySilverOnline.org newsletter to receive breaking market news, silver updates, and the best dealer promotions and product specials. We will NEVER spam you.New Nooze, compiled for your reading pleasure on this blustery Wednesday in Western Montana!
First, from Cheryl Colopy, writing for the op-ed page of The New York Times, a look at an ancient solution to a modern problem in India:
Age-Old Fixes for India's Water
IND... Read more.
_________________________________________________
Cassandra Profita with Oregon Public Broadcasting's Ecotrope explores a new take on the future of forestry:
Logging Urban Trees to Save Forests?
When David Barmon looks around at the trees in his east Portland neighborhood, he doesn’t just see green. He also sees lumber. Big, beautiful slabs of lumber that could become furniture, decking, fencing and cabinetry.
“That cone-shaped tree is a giant sequoia,” he says. “Look over there. That’s a cedar, and a doug fir.”
He points out a deodar cedar in a nearby yard.
“This one is super straight, really big around,” he says. “This is a good log.”
Barmon owns a landscaping company, but he’s also started stockpiling wood in his garage from urban trees that have to be removed for one reason or another. He built his front port out of a black locust tree that was removed from the college campus across the street.
Urban logging is still a pretty rare phenomenon, but Barmon sees potential to grow the industry and use more urban trees for wood products instead of trees from far-off forests... Read more.
________________________________________________
Seth Borenstein with the AP discusses ice, and how the Arctic and the Antarctic are, well, polar opposites:
Experts: Global Warming Means More Antarctic Ice... Read more.
__________________________________________________
And Ashley Braun, writing for NOAA's response and restoration blog, writes about a rock:
The Never-ending History of Life on a Rock
In 1989 when... Read more.The San Miguel Writers’ Conference & Literary Festival is looking for three writers to join them February 15–19, 2017–as their guests!
Submit your poetry, fiction, or creative nonfiction to our writing contest before November 1, 2016, for a chance to attend the 12th Annual Writers’ Conference.
Winners Receive:
- Full Conference Package
- Lodging (during the conference)
- One Agent Pitch Session (optional)
- Digital Publication
- Headline a reading during the Conference (optional)
- Bragging Rights
Winning the contest is an exceptional opportunity for writers to attend workshops; hear keynote speakers such as Naomi Klein, Billy Collins, David Ebershoff, and others; and to network with literary agents.
So far the organizers have not received many entries and anyone who enters has a very good chance of being chosen.
Note: There is a $30 fee per entry.
Pingback: San Miguel Writers’ Conference Contest – Caroline McCullaghFilm and location in Munich - absolutely the light value!
Munich among the film - and television centres in Germany, without a doubt. Rich in schools for film and photography, production companies, architecture and studios. Media will find this paradise-like conditions.
Private restaurant, event location, rent, seminar room, witch's kitchen, cooking with friends, catering
> Information for corporate clients gene lounge-bar offers the possibility to present your guests with an exceptional event. By sharing, everything is conceivable by the private party to the corporate event.
In Munich there to rent an artist gallery, which offers project-related exhibition rooms and the care of exhibits about the opening, since the beginning of the year in the Maxvorstadt.
Incredible location with innovative design in the heart of Munich. 2 min. walk from Hofbraeuhaus, Mandarin Oriental. 4 min. walk from Maximilian strasse
suitable very bright modern rooms for training, workshops, photo shoots, private parties etc.!
The event location is flexible with many opportunities for parties and corporate events, centrally located in the heart of Munich. There are parking spaces as well as excellent transport links. Our diverse layout creates atmosphere.
Whether samples weekend workshop, we accommodate large and small ensembles to lecture or meeting - in our rooms.Brooklyn Man Charged With Murder Tied to Bank Fraud
A.Jalinan Berikutnya | The Next Oath
this illustration is presented to my cousin for her wedding, for her oath is hers to fullfill, may it be the guide for her sisters
Corak
besides batik cloth and traditional market, bidding is also the most important indonesian culture
Kuntum
Rumah Bolon, The Traditional House of The Batak Toba
Limas Palembang, The Traditional House of The Palembang
Gending Sriwijaya Dance, The Traditional Dance of The Palembang
Saman, The Traditional Dance of Aceh
Thank You!When: Mon., June 13, 6:30-9:30 p.m., Tue., June 14, 6:30-9:30 p.m. and Wed., June 15, 6:30-9:30 p.m. 2016
Learn to draw the human figure from life. This adult class focuses on understanding the various compositions of body shapes to create the human form with practice exercises in contour, gesture and straight forward lines. Students will learn techniques to measure proportion, capture movement, create form and structure plus do studies of face, hands and the full figure. Beginners welcome! Model fees included.
Price: $195
Reviews- PatrickAsked on June 07, 2012 at 03:32 AM
I would like to create a countdownbox which shows te time till our school-out-party.
Could you tell me how it works?
- JotForm SupportidarktechAnswered on June 07, 2012 at 04:49 AM
Hi Patrick,
We do not have such feature here in JotForm. However, if you know 3rd party script about countdown timer, you can simply embed it to your form by using "Free Text (HTML)" tool.
Hope this clarifies a bit. Thanks!
-An
American Family
At any time, click on the title above to
return to the home page.
Ridgeway
Cemetery
Paige, Texas
The Ridgeway Cemetery is located adjacent to
Ridgeway Baptist Church. From the intersection of Highway 21
and Highway 290 in Paige, go west toward Bastrop on Highway 21.
About a mile from the intersection, you will see a sign for the Ridgeway
Baptist Church on the north side of the Highway. Go down the gravel road,
which dead ends at the church.
Gravesite of Mollie E. Hodge
(daughter of Dr. Henry & Mary Frances [Huddleston]
Hodge)
b. November 8, 1885; d. October 7, 1900
Read obituary
here.
George Rice & Mary "Figgers" (Sowell) Mobley
(son of Joseph S. & Mary Carolina [Morgan] Mobley)
George b. October 14, 1869, Coweta County, Georgia
d. December 12, 1956
Figgers b. November 24, 1871; d. September 16, 1960
Georgia Mobley Reed
(daughter of George & Figgers Mobley)
b. July 23, 1893, d. February 13, 1934
George Thomas Reed
(husband of Georgia Mobley Reed)
b. February 24, 1892; d. June 16, 1931
Allen Morgan & Verna Mae (McPhaul) Mobley
(son of George & Figgers Mobley)
Allie b. June 23, 1903; d. July 29, 1979
Verna Mae b. April 26, 1907; d. December 22, 1998
Ira Calvin & Lela Velma (Hart) Mobley
(son of George & Figgers Mobley)
Ira b. May 30, 1908; d. March 8, 1994
Lela b. December 18, 1910; d. May 6, 1983
Elton Cordell & Pinkie Adell (Mobley) Hart
(daughter of George & Figgers Mobley)
Elton b. March 3, 1905; d. July 12, 1971
Pinkie b. April 4, 1906; d. December 13, 1983
William Lester & Rubie Arline (Mobley) Hawthorne
(daughter of George & FIggers Mobley)
WIlliam b. May 28, 1891; d. October 6, 1973
Rubie b. November 9, 1894; d. February 16, 1974
Myrtle Mobley
(daughter of William Franklin & Cora
[Teasdale] Mobley)
b. September 12, 1902
d. August 28, 1903
Mary Ann Mobley Christian
(daughter of Hezekiah Madison & Sarah [Jones] Mobley)
b. January 15, 1860
d. May 17, 1955
Micaja Jesse Christian
b. March 3, 1854, d. 1887
Murdered by vigilantes.
Husband of Mary Ann Mobley Christian.
Read story here.
Site of the old brush arbor where Mobley reunions once took
place.
The old Ridgeway Baptist Church.
Joseph Sheppard Mobley was one of the first
ministers of the church, which was formed in 1870 and
served the Baptist, Methodist Episcopal & Presbyterian
Church congregations in rotation through the month.I love gardening. I love the sight of flowers. It has healing effect on me. I have a small balcony where I have limited plants on pots. Couple of years back I used to grow flowers but then they dried out as we left for our native for a week or so. Hence I quit growing flowers because I can’t see the plants die. The current plants I have is aloe vera, curry leaf, amaranth, cactus, baby pineapple and 2 show plants. I also have some plants that I grow in vases inside the house. Those are like small stems of decorative leaves. So you see when my parents visit me I ask them to get some leaves or flowers. Just so I can brighten up my home with their smell at least for a day . The flower you see in this picture is brought by my mom. She wanted to see how I will use it for my food photography. And she was pleasantly surprised and happy. She loved the pics.
Anyways coming to today’s recipe Aloo tikki is a famous snack. It is quickly and easily prepared. Even kids love it firstly because it has potatoes and secondly because it is crispy from outside and soft from inside. I make it as a tiffin snack. This tikki is the base for a whole lot of other chat items.
INGREDIENTS:
Potatoes – 2 big ones
Coriander Leaves – 1 tblspn
Lemon Juice – 1 tsp
Chilly Powder – 1 tsp
Coriander Powder – 1/2 tsp
Cumin Powder – 1/2 tsp
Garam Masala powder – 1/4 tsp
Bread crumbs to coat
Salt to taste
Oil to shallow fry
INSTRUCTIONS:
- Pressure cook potatoes so it is properly cooked.
- Peel and mash the potatoes.
- To the mashed potatoes add coriander, chilly, cumin and garam masala.
- Add salt and lemon juice and mix properly.
- Heat a griddle/ tawa with oil for shallow frying.
- Take bread crumbs in a plate.
- Make small balls out of the potato mixture and then flatten it in your palm to make tikkis.
- Coat the tikkis in breadcrumb.
- Place them on tawa.
- When one side is browned turn over and let it brown the other side.
- Once both sides are done remove from tawa and plate it on kitchen towel.
Serve with ketchup or green chutney or dates chutney. Or use it as a base to prepare other chat items.
One Reply to “ALOO TIKKI/ SAVOURY POTATO CAKES”
Must have a go at making these 🙂will medal!!! 2 questions
- M_M13
will medal!!! 2!
- M_M13
1. Choose the answer.)
- M_M13
Two
- stickman1998
1 is A I believe
Looking for something else?
Not the answer you are looking for? Search for more explanations.
More answers
- anonymous
#1=a #2=c i think
- stickman1998
number 2 is D
- anonymous
They are both A
- M_M13
huh?
- M_M13
which one is it?
- stickman1998
1 is definatly A. I can't seem to figure out 2
- anonymous
they both A
- M_M13
why?
- anonymous
1 is a because the s+12 in parentheses equals the weight of the boxes times 13 which is how many boxes Nathan lifted equals the total number of pounds that Nathan lifted. 2 is a because 0.25p equals the price at store a and p-180 equals the price at store b.
- anonymous
I hope that that makes sense
Looking for something else?
Not the answer you are looking for? Search for more explanations.I was so thrilled to be able to work with Keller and his family again. They are one of the sweetest families I know, and I always enjoy photograph their growing family. This session was done last Fall…and I am just now getting it on the blog since I have been so busy with other things. I guess better late than never. I wanted to show off Keller’s one year photography session. How I miss those days of photographing outside in the grass. Someday will we see green grass again here in Michigan!!
There are too many video formats out there that you don’t need to be an avid video lover to need a dedicated video encoder. Even though there are video player softwares which support almost every video formats (something like VLC
The VLC Media Player - Does it Really Play Everything?
The VLC Media Player - Does it Really Play Everything?
), most consumer hardware media players handle fewer video formats.
If you are still looking for a good video converter, you might want to try TEncoder. This is an open source multi-threaded video encoders that would also help you hard code subtitles into the converted movies.
Multi-What?
Similar to other video converters like Handbrake and FormatFactory, TEncoder can help users convert videos from one format to another. Currently, TEncoder supports 9 major video formats, such as: Xvid, FLV, H264, WMV, MP4, MPEG 2. It uses FFMpeg and Mencoder codecs in the conversion so it won’t conflict with most formats.
So, what makes TEncoder different from other more established names in the video converter world? It’s the support to multi-thread technology. It means that TEncoder will allow users to do multiple conversions at one time, making use of modern computer’s multi processor power. Users can run up to 8 separate encoders at once.
This feature will make the whole converting process faster than the traditional way where the movies are queued and converted one by one. However, the speed will depend on the computer power and the quality of the video result that you choose. This ability will also be useless if the computer itself is not equipped with proper hardware, or if you only want to convert one video file.
Let’s Convert
If you want to try to convert multiple videos using TEncoder, prepare the files and open TEncoder. Here’s what the main window looks like: the function buttons above, a big file list pane at the center, and the conversion options below.
<imgclass=”aligncenter” style=”border: 0pt none;” src=”//cdn.makeuseof.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/01a_whole-windows.jpg” width=”580″ height=”337″ alt=”video encoder”/>
Start by adding the video file(s) to the list. You can do it one file at a time using “Add File” button.
Or you could put all the files into one folder and add them in a bulk using “Add Folder” button. If every file is located inside its own folder, use “Add Folder Tree” instead. I personally don’t see the need to use three different buttons if you can use just one, but apparently the developer think that three buttons are essential. :)
In my experiment, I added three different video files to convert.
Then go to the “Options” below the file list. From the Video Options, you can choose the file format, bitrate, size, FPS, and Aspect Ratio. While from the Audio Options, you can choose the Codec, Bitrate, Sample Rate, and Channels. Please consult your device’s documentation to find the settings that you need.
From the “Other Options“, you can set how many parallel processes that you want TEncoder to execute. You can also choose what Encoder that you want to use. To hardcode subtitle into the converted video, check the “Enable subtitles” box and put the subtitle file in the same folder as the video file. Please remember to give both the video file and the subtitle file the same name (without changing the file extensions, for example: movie_title.mp4 and movie_title.srt).
Checking the “Do two passes” box will give you better quality videos without bloating the size. However, the process will take about twice as much time.
The conversion process will start after clicking the “Encode” button. You’ll see the whole and individual progress in the Encoding window, along with the time indicator.
In general, TEncoder is a great tool for those who do a lot of video conversions and have a multi-thread-able machine.
Have you tried TEncoder? What do you think about it? Do you have your own favorite video encoder? Share using the comment below.
Pretty buggy GUI, I would actually recommend Freemake Video Converter of if you want more advanced options and x264 presets FFCoder
I use FormatFactory to encode my videos to another format. It also can convert images and audio files to many different formats.ProTapes & Specialties Inc.
Leading tape manufacturer and supplier who for nearly 40 years has produced quality products.
Gateway Set Rentals
A large inventory of complete scenery packages available for rent to high schools, community theatre and even professional and touring productions.
Dazian Creative Fabric Environments
For over 170 years Dazian has been recognized as a creative source for the theatrical, entertainment & event industries.V. It is ISO 9001:2008 certified, ITAR compliant, and veteran owned.
Ready to meet the companies at the forefront of design and manufacturing innovation in 2017? Search below to view hundreds of exhibitors in our online database.
To find specific exhibitors, simply filter by keyword.Many players face a devastating choice: Should you serve with lots of spin, with the serve going long and allowing the opponent to loop, or should you sacrifice spin, even serving with no spin, so you can keep the serve short? Actually, you can do both. In fact, the spinnier the serve, the easier it is to keep short.
Nearly every coach will tell you to first learn to serve with great spin. Holding back on the spin so you can serve short is a good way to develop a bad habit. When you can get great spin on the ball, then you learn to serve short - but this happens automatically. To get maximum spin, you need to whip the racket into the ball at full speed (using the arm to get the playing hand moving, and snapping the wrist into the ball just before contact) but barely graze the ball. Nearly all of the energy from your arm and wrist goes into spin. When that happens, the ball barely comes off the racket - and so it is easy to keep the ball short. Those who have difficulty serving short with spin are having trouble mostly because they are not grazing the ball finely enough - and so the solution isn't to serve with less spin; it's to serve with more spin by grazing the ball more.
The other reason a spinny serve might go long is the contact point is too high, which also leads to the serve being too high. Once you are grazing the ball very finely, you need to learn to serve it low with a low contact point, and learn where to bounce it on each side of the table for varying depths. If you barely graze the ball, you'll not only maximize the spin but since nearly all your energy is going into spin, you'll find yourself almost struggling to get the ball to reach and go over the net - which is a good thing. It means the serve will be short and spinny.
The ideal spin serve will, if given the chance, bounce twice on the opponent's side of the table, with the second bounce as close to the endline as possible. Sometimes a super-short serve is effective (which might bounce three or more times on the opponent's side, given the chance), as it forces the opponent to reach well over the table, but super-short serves are also easier to flip, push short, or quick-push at an angle. Many players use "tweeny" serves, where the second bounce is right around the endline, and the receiver is never quite sure if it will come off the end or not.
Once you have a true spin serve that you can serve short, that's when I'd recommend adding no-spin serves as a variation, and focusing on keeping this and the spin serves very low, with the second bounce near the endline. Serving no-spin when there's little threat of spin isn't as effective after the first few times. No-spin becomes far more effective when it can be done with a spin motion, when there's a threat of spin. (How do you serve no-spin with a spin motion? Several ways, but primarily by contacting the ball near the handle, where the racket travels slowly even in a vigorous serve.) A no-spin serve with a vigorous motion is called "heavy no-spin." Seriously!
It's easier to serve short backspin or no-spin than to serve short sidespin or topspin, or various combinations of these two. So many players fall into the habit of serving just backspin or no-spin when they want to serve short. This greatly limits their options, and makes things a lot easier for the opponent. Well-disguised backspin and no-spin serves are effective, but they are often even more effective if you can throw sidespin and topspin serves into the mix.
At the beginning/intermediate level, I recommend a player who has difficulty serving short with spin to add a simple short backspin serve, with the focus on keeping the ball low with as much backspin as possible while still keeping the ball short. This simple backspin serve should be a temporary serve, used only so the player doesn't spend all his time serve & blocking. (Also, since most players will push it back long, you get to practice your serve and loop a lot.) Roughly speaking, by the time a player is 1800, a well-coached player should be able to serve with good spin and keep it short. By the time he's 2000, he should have varied spin serves that go short. By the time he's 2200 he should have varied and deceptive serves that go short. (He should also be able to do all this with long serves.)
But you don't have to wait until you're 1800, or 2000, or 2200 to do these things. There are many examples of players who really worked at their serves early on (both short and long), and were able to compete with "stronger" players because of this - and because of that stronger competition, they improved faster. Why not you?Project Express - Easy Project Management
By Internet Stack
This app is only available on the App Store for iOS devices.
Description
What's New in Version 1.5
To make our app better for you, we bring updates to the App Store regularly.
- bring life to your projects by adding colour to your projects list
- on iPad, drag the task progress bar to reschedule or update progress
- bug fixes
Customers Also Bought
- $4.99
- Category: Business
- Updated: Jun 26, 2017
- Version: 1.5
- Size: 16.1 MB
- Languages: English, French, German, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Simplified Chinese
- Seller: Dale Clifford
- © 2016 Dale Clifford
Compatibility: Requires iOS 10.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.Is there anyone here that believes in the astrological matching and profiling rated to dating. Has anyone had an experience where they could actually use some of the advice given on their "lover" or partner?
Most Helpful Guy
Not really, but it is fun to know. Many people and even myself say it's bs and it is, but still the majority of people know about their astrological sign and have basic knowledge about all of it, so I guess in the back of our minds it gives us a small indication about the other person personality we are interacting with.
Don't go putting all hopes on it though, that would be really silly.00|00|0
Haha!Anyone who has ever launched a company knows that the mistakes you make in the beginning can be daunting. But as the saying goes, hindsight is 20/20, and what’s done is usually pretty much…done. Still, it would be great to be able to get the insights of some of the biggest up-and-comers in the business world? Now you can…
Thanks to Mashable.com, here are some of the best tidbits for business entrepreneurs that may help you navigate the waters of your business launch a bit easier.
What tips would you suggest to entrepreneurs? Drop us a comment or two…we’d love to hear from you!
AdvertisementsYear-over-year consolidated revenue increases 21% to $5.1M
Year-over-year operating costs decrease by 27%
Adjusted EBITDA near breakeven at ($0.1M)
$12.3 million of backlog for delivery in 2013
DENVER, May 13, 2013 /CNW/ - (TSX: IMP) - Intermap Technologies Corporation ("Intermap" or the "Company") today reported financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2013. A conference call will be held today, May 13th, at 4:30 p.m. Eastern Time to discuss the results.
All amounts in this news release are in United States dollars unless otherwise noted.
Intermap reported total revenue of $5.1 million for the first quarter of 2013, a 21% increase from $4.2 million recorded in the same period of 2012. Net loss for the first quarter of 2013 was $2.0 million, or ($0.03) per share, compared to a net loss of $5.1 million, or ($0.06) per share, for the first quarter of 2012. First quarter adjusted EBITDA, a non IFRS financial measure, was a loss of $0.1 million, a significant improvement from an adjusted EBITDA loss of $2.9 million for the same period in 2012. Adjusted EBITDA excludes restructuring costs, share-based compensation, gain or loss on the disposal of equipment, and gain or loss on foreign currency translation.
"We showed a significant improvement in our year-over-year first quarter results, even though historically this quarter is a low revenue quarter for Intermap," said Todd Oseth, President & CEO of Intermap. "Our restructuring efforts over the past two years have resulted in significantly lower operating costs, creating a lower threshold for Intermap to achieve positive adjusted EBITDA."
Mr. Oseth added, "By providing solutions to our customers' that require unique geospatial knowledge, we create increased opportunities as seen in our recent contract wins. Our 3D business intelligence (3DBI) applications, coupled with our multi-sensor approach (i.e. radar, LiDAR, satellite, photo, etc.) provides the optimum solution for our customers. Our easy to use cloud-based software applications, combined with our industry leading data aggregation capabilities, gives us a distinct advantage in the marketplace. Our "Pro" series of software applications continue to expand in functionality and ease of use. The number of customers using these fee based applications continues to grow and we are expecting improved and more consistent financial results in the future."
Financial Review
Contract services revenue in the first quarter increased 20% to $4.0 million, from $3.3 million last year. Data licensing revenue increased 23% to $1.1 million, from $0.9 million last year. As of March 31, 2013, the Company's contract backlog of $12.3 million consisted of $11.4 million in contract services, and $0.9 million in data licensing revenue.
For the first quarter 2013, personnel expense was $3.3 million, a 4% decrease from $3.5 million last year. The decrease was primarily due to attrition, partially offset by an increase in commission expense consistent with increased revenue recognized on a year-over-year basis.
For the first quarter 2013, purchased services and materials expense was $1.0 million, a 65% decrease from $3.0 million last year. The decrease in this category of expense is primarily related to a decrease in job and subcontractor expenses associated with the Company's airborne radar data collection activities that were performed during the respective periods. The stage of progress on each radar data collection contract and the individual requirements and logistics associated with radar collection efforts can create expense variations between reporting March 31, 2013 (cash and cash equivalents) was $2.7 million, compared to $2.1 million at December 31, 2012. Amounts receivable and unbilled revenue at March 31, 2013 was $7.0 million, compared to $8.4 million at December 31, 2012. Working capital declined to $0.9 million at March 31, 2013, compared to $1.9 million at December 31, 2012 (see "Intermap Reader Advisory" below).
Detailed financial results and management's discussion and analysis can be found on SEDAR at:.
First Quarter Business Highlights
As of May 13, 2013, at 4:30 pm ET (2:30pm MT). To participate in the call, please dial +1-647-427-7450 or 1-888-231-8191 approximately 10 minutes prior to the conference call. A recording of the conference call will be available through May 23, 2013. Please dial +1-416-849-0833 or 1-855-859-2056 and provide pass code 58666743.
Condensed Consolidated Interim Balance Sheets
(In thousands of United States dollars)
Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Profit or Loss and Other
Comprehensive Income
(In thousands of United States dollars, except per share information)
Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Changes in Equity
(In thousands of United States dollars)
Condensed Consolidated Interim Statements of Cash Flows
(In thousands of United States dollars)Monthly Archives: November 2017
Marquee Matchup?
As we dive right into Week Thirteen, I think the schedule makers feel a little duped. Before the NFL got greedy, the league used to only have Thursday Night Football games after Thanksgiving, if they had any, that is. Presumably, these games would feature the “best of the best”. I imagine the plan still is to subscribe to that theory…after the first several weeks feature several mediocre to poor teams because every team has to play at least one Thursday game.
Tonight’s game features two NFC East teams that big things were expected of. Dallas was 13-3 last year and Washington was 8-7-1, though on the fringe of the playoffs. Welp, both teams are currently sitting at 5-6, with little to no hope for the playoffs. Certainly neither will win the division, since both are behind the Philadelphia Eagles by 5 games with 5 to play. Disappointing, to state the obvious.
That all being said, I have a sneaky feeling that this game will be a good one. I have no idea why. Just another hunch. And we know how my hunches sometime go…
Washington at Dallas (-1.5)
The Cowboys are 2-4 at home. So yes, they have already lost one more game at home than they had lost all of last year in total. They have scored a total of 22 points in the last three games. No Zeke. The corpse of Darren McFadden retired this week, if anyone cares about that as well.
The ‘Skins haven’t been a ton better, struggling against a woeful Giants team on Thanksgiving. Though they have been at least scoring some points in their losses.
You’d think maybe Dallas may finally score some points again and win at home. I think half of that may be true. We shall see…
Washington 24, Dallas 20.
Week (against the spread): 12-4
Week (straight up): 13-3
Season (against the spread): 92-84
Season (straight up): 116-60
Week
WeekWhy It Makes A Difference!
The President of the United States is a liar. Not a tiny weenie white liar, but a Sociopathic Liar. His word is not worth the air he is allowed to use to say it. Why Does It Make A Difference? It is because the leader of the Free World MUST be Trusted. When the President of the United States is willing to repeatedly Testify to lies, then who should our Children look up to? Sports Figures? When everyone within the Obama Administration is willing to SAY and do anything regardless of TRUTH, then why would anyone in the WORLD believe in America or Her Freedoms.
The recent admission to IRS intimidation against “Tea Party” shows the level of tyrannical Leadership that Mr. Obama is willing to stoop. With the passage of the Obama Care TAX legislation, imagine the CONTROL that our Massive “Progressive” Government will inflict on the Freedoms guaranteed to AMERICAN Citizens by Crushing the Constitution and Bill of Rights through a Tyrannical Regulatory State.
Why does it make a Difference when I have lost Faith in the Government of the People, when the President of the United States is Liar, manipulator and Sociopathic Collective Salvation Freak? It matters because now I don’t trust any national political leadership of either or any party. I don’t trust the Fairness of the system that is being foisted on ME.
I don’t believe that these leader don’t have Death Panels, because I know of Their Complete Lives System and Statistical Differentials. Outcomes Based Medicine. The Truth is there will be and always has been Death Panels, but they won’t tell you the Truth and we know they are all Liars. Why, because our President is a Liar. There is not enough of Everything for Everybody to have All. They WILL run out of Other People’s Money.
President Obama’s latest thing is to imply that people are being “Self Radicalized”. Now He Will tell you this Lie through his Minions, the FBI, CIA or The State Department, DHS but WE now Know that they are ALL ADMITTED Liars like the President. You see, nobody is SELf Radicalized. The media, movies, TV, news let alone Violent Video Games and the Stupid Divisive Political Rhetoric to organize Communities Against each other with Anger and Hate are seen by most people and guess what? The LIARS own all those people. The are admittedly used by Their Masters to Push Their Agenda. They believe that the Non-Political Class are “Pedestrian” hardly someone who needs to be told the Truth.
This is why it makes a difference, because now I have been manipulated (not Self Radicalized) into not believing anything that my Government says or does. I will take Mr. Obama ‘s Speech to the United Nations and now know that he LIED to the World because of HIS need to Push HIS Anti-American/Anti-Constitutional Agenda on the World. Some Illusion of World Peace through Redistributive Change in World Power. Empowerment of an Anti-Separation of Church and State World run by Religious Theocrats. His Vision includes an Islamic Caliphate where an Orthodox Unified Islam crushes IT’S Citizens with Anti-Human Rights Shari’a based Muslim Brotherhood Rule.
Even if you tell me now that it is just a Crazy Right Wing Conspiracy, I won’t believe you because now I have lost faith in My Country, My People and my God. Why, because my President is a Liar! That’s why It Makes A Difference!
You must be some sort of fool if you didn’t realize prior to this week that the President lied. ALL Presidents lie! I can’t remember a President in my lifetime that didn’t lie, starting with JFK…get over it!
Just remember: Benghazi which was not even an embassy but a consulate is the one attack in the last decade that you remember and you give Bush Jr a pass on Iraq & 9/11?
“Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel”. Samuel Johnson
Obama is doing all this but without a plan. He is letting Sharia take over by doing enough for them to topple the government, then going away and leaving the Muslim Brotherhood to take over. George Bush had his flaws, but when he went into Iraq, he had a plan. He did not run in then out. And 9/11 was a terrorist attack, George couldn’t exactly tell the terrorists to chill out could he?!
Facinating that someone would respond from the Administration. I am the last person to suggest that the World is not a War with Orthodox Islam…
…these are the Liar in Chief’s talking Points that somehow absolve the current Administration from it’s Unholy Alliance with Orthodox Islam through the Shari’a Laws of the Muslim Brotherhood and the Ruling Saudi Wahabbism. To go before the United Nations, let alone Mexico, and put a target on every American’s Backs by supporting Shari’a based “Slander” Laws justifying Islamic Terrorism against Freedom of Speech!
You are right…Foolish!
It is really all of a single thing. It is easy, in fact much easier, to support Sharia in America if you refuse to speak up for the First Amendment in our dealings with the world. Sharia for oil?
It is easy to send more armed men after a YouTube video producer than sending armed men to protect people under attack.
It is far easier to get welfare, SNAP, Section 8 housing (NO 1099-GOV issued!) than to be a wage slave/contractor and get your W2/1099-MISC.
It is easy to give freedom away. It is very hard to earn it back.Dog Boarding in Mission Hills,
Miss Paw!
Northridge, Porter Ranch, CA, 91326
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
Lots of love and attention
Sun Valley, Sun Valley, CA, 91352
Dog Boarding, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
Dog Lover w 30 years experience.
Sylmar, Sylmar, CA, 91342
Dog Boarding
Photographer who loves canines
Granada Hills, Granada Hills, CA, 91344
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Doggy Day Care
HOME F/T! Fun and Active Family
Northridge, Northridge, CA, 91325
Dog Boarding
Large pool and a half acre yard
Arleta, Panorama City, CA, 91402
Dog Boarding, Doggy Day Care
Dog's Pawprints Welcomed
North Hills, North Hills, CA, 91343
Dog Boarding
Big grassy back yard!!
Granada Hills, Granada Hills, CA, 91344
Dog Boarding, Doggy Day Care
Animal Lover w/ 24/7 In-Home Care!
Northridge, Northridge, CA, 92134
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
Cant Get Enough Dogs!
North Hills, Northridge, CA, 91343
Dog Boarding, Doggy Day Care
I will give your babies love!<3
Northridge, northridge, CA, 91325
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Doggy Day Care
Reliable, Responsible & Experienced
San Fernando, CA, 91340
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
fully experienced dog &cat sitter
Sylmar, Symar, CA, 91342
Dog Boarding, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
Home F/T!! 5-Star luv
Pacoima, san fernando, CA, 91340
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
Love running & training with dogs!
Granada Hills, Granada Hills, CA, 91344
Dog Boarding, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
Our house is like Disneyland for K9
San Fernando, CA, 91340 Mission Hills dog sitter in seconds on Rover.com. If you're looking for dog boarding while you're away, whether it's for one night or a whole month, you can find a dog sitter in Mission Hills, Hills,:{for my Shining the Light post, please scroll down.}
Hello!! I'm back with my card for this week's CASology challenge. The cue word this week is "gift". You can find all the details for the challenge here and our guest designer is the uber talented Hannelie. Don't forget... CASology is looking for some new team members. You have until December 15th to get your application in.
Another very simple card from me this week. When I saw the cue word I had only one idea in mind and that was to use a sentiment from the Hero Arts set Greatest Gift because you see to me Christmas really is only about the greatest gift ever given, Jesus. As simple and uncomplicated as that. I also didn't want to use a traditional Christmas color combo so I went instead with navy blue. I stamped the sentiment toward the bottom of cardstock and then stamped the star (from the companion Hero Arts set Heavens Rejoice) above the sentiment as you see. A clear rhinestone was added to the center. I also used my SU! Ticket Corner punch to punch the corners for a bit more interest.
Thanks for stopping by... make sure you check out the cards from the rest of the design team: Melissa, Tracey, Jen, Ardyth and this week's guest designer Hannelie, Can't wait to see what you come up with using this week's cue word!
Supplies: Cardstock: PTI white; SU! Night of Navy; Stamps: Hero Arts; Ink: SU! Night of Navy; Rhinestones: Stampin Up!; Punch: SU! Ticket Corner punch
19 comments:
Hi Rosie
Fabulous card.
Hugs Sylvie xxx
I love this card the layout is fabulous. Caroline xxx
Love this ultra CAS beauty - it lets the message stand on its own. Perfect!
Rosemary this is such a a CAS beauty. Speechless.
A beautiful CAS-card Rosy!
Hug
Christine
This is beautiful Rosi. One of my favorite cards, because it says so much.
Sometimes the simplest card packs the biggest wallop when the message is great.
This is so devine. I love the simlicity and elegance, and the wonderful sentiment as well. Beautiful!!
The simplest card I have ever seen and yet so special, Rosemary! Great job!
I love that the focus of your pretty card holds the true meaning of Christmas! Beautifully done!
Simple and to the point. Great card.
Such a beautiful CAS card! Beautiful sentiment!
Wow..on the less is more...
Elegance to perfection, with the star guiding the way!!
Hugs
Wow--just ingenious, Rosemary! Truly captures the cue word with the star image & the sentiment--I imagine the nativity--you never cease to amaze!
Lovely star and perfect sentiment ~ fantastic CAS card!
So CAS, so gorgeous, it's perfect :) Viv xx
Perfectly simple, simply perfect! Anita :)
Just gorgeous!!!!!!!
This is such a perfect card for this challenge. Simple, sweet and so to the point!This is my final version of Imago ZooZoo poster.
After critiques I removed the rabbit ears above, and tried to let the poster overall simpler, but being simple is harder than I had thought. My designing process is not complicated, but sometimes I feel lost in the meaning of simple. I needed to give up some ideas because I can not realize my thumbnails technically. Some of my rough drafts including Zoozoo_02rikako_copy(below) are too much divided to 2 parts which I inclined to. To keep the final version coherent and put more impact on logo, I picked a bright pink color from the rabbit ears and put them in “oo”.
A point to ponder.. watching some videos of Imago ZooZoo, I was attaching the idea of the black background, but I feel like it did not necessarily have to be in that way.
Technically, cropping a shape from a photography was a challenge to me since I sill don’t get how to use Pen tool properly. (but soon I will improve in it..) I abrupt several times not knowing how to bring an effect which I want to, but Illustrator’s “Help” is much more helpful and easier to catch up than the softwares of Microsoft. It was interesting.
Uploaded on Sep, 26
Note
- clipping mask, outer glow, create outlines, grouping, transparency,
- CMD+Y /view outline
- +shift /45,90 rotate
Uploaded on Sep, 26
Uploaded on Sep, 20In depth view of predator prey relationships. Covers mutualism, defense mechanisms, and coevolution. Good....4 Piece Swing Band with Harp
Jazz and swing act
Celtic Harp & Guitar Function/Wedding Duo (with vocals if required)
Swinging Jazz Quintet with Singer
Based in Bath and Somerset
Solo female vocalist
Based in Leeds & Wakefield
Multi genre party pand
Celtic Harpist
Based in Dover, Canterbury and Kent
Romantic Classical Solo Guitarist
Based in Lancaster, Preston and Lancashire
Jazz duo
Solo guitarist playing instrumental covers
Based in Bath and Somerset
Soul, jazz and pop act
Based in Newcastle Upon Tyne
8 piece, sax fronted jazz band with female vocals
Based in Birmingham
Acoustic duo.
Based in Plymouth, Exeter and Devon
Female Jazz Duo
Contemporary/Classical Pianist
Solo pianist / organist
Motown, Funk, Soul, Rock and Jazz act.
Guitarist and singer duo
Jazz act
Based in Liverpool and Merseyside
Vintage Postmodern Jukebox Style Duo
High quality burlesque act with stunning costumes
Solo Vintage Singer
Electric violinist with backing tracks.
Based in Manchester, Stockport and Oldham
Classical Crossover Duo
Based in Warwick and Rugby
Classical Crossover Singer
Based in Hertfordshire
Solo saxophonist
Jazz Quartet
Solo classical and contemporary guitarist
Based in Oxfordshire
2 piece special events band
Based in Worcestershire
© Freak Music | Design by Freak Design
| Site By Livingstone Creativemd. faruk
Good Man - Poem by md. faruk
Good man have good mind
Good man wants good society
Good man search good friends
Good man create good world
Good man watch good dream
Good man solve complex problem
Good man thought good think
Good man gets good support
Good man walks good style
Good man speaks good style
Good man has good relation with god
Good man attitude is good
Good man love all of world
Good man love all the people
Good man rear in the world
Nowadays we search good man
We are hopeful for good man.
There is no comment submitted by members..
Read this poem in other languages
This poem has not been translated into any other language yet.
I would like to translate this poem »
Poem Submitted: Tuesday, March 4, 2014
Poem Edited: Wednesday, March 5,Tranquillity, privacy and spectacular views perfectly describe this charming hilltop casita, the origins of which are thought to be as a winter livestock shelter then a wine store for produce from the property itself. Opening onto a leafy terrace, the large timber beamed bedroom has a king size mattress on a sandstone base. Three steps up through an archway is the open plan kitchen/dining/living room which opens on to another two terraces with sun lounges and al fresco dining areas. The cottage is insulated and has reverse cycle airconditioning, wood stove in bedroom and wood fire in lounge. Park off street under Sa Viña’s shady lemon trees, and meander to the casita. Part of the path is quite steep but the view justifies 3 or 4 minute walk. Sa Viña is a perfect retreat for those wanting relaxation or recreation. Help yourself to seasonal fruit including grapes, oranges and figs, (delicious and chemical free). Satellite TV, DVD and CD player, WIFI and books are there for your enjoyment.
We are a wandering Australian couple lucky enough to have a well traveled, good fun life. We are easy going, sociable and relaxed. We are particular how we like our home to be, want you to love your stay at Sa Viña, and, more importantly, come back, as many do.
Marg will personally look after your booking and answer any queries you may have.
In May 2016 we traveled to Canada and drove to Alaska and the Yukon over Top of the World Highway, returning to Australia in September. After that amazing adventure we are happy to be back in Australia....for the time being.... Cell/Mobile phone number is 61422121936. If you prefer me to call you, just email your number and I'll be happy to answer any questions.
Margaret Wilson purchased this cottage in 1970....
We love the view to Soller from the terrace.
Free wifi, TV, books, maps - everything to make your stay relaxing.
It's a pleasant stroll in to Soller, or to the Port for a swim.
.It has been a great place to stay.Hope to stay again next year for longer, Pauline and John Sept 2014. .We love the house! Thanks, Jay. December 2013.
.Home now - tired and cold! Problem is no pic can do that view justice - and you don't get the tinkle of the sheep bells, or the rattle of tram in the valley, or the sweet aroma of the orange blossom. Thanks again. Regards,Stephen. April 2014.
. Had a great stay. Loved the house and the location and was a great holiday all round. Peter. March 2014. . 3 times earlier we have had a wonderful vacation in your cottage in Soller. Once again we would very much like to spend a vacation there....Irene and Bo, June 2014.
We stayed at the cottage for three weeks in September and just loved everything about it. The cottage is full of rustic charm with amazing views of Soller and the mountains. We also had the pleasure of meeting Marg and Chris who are delightful and just the perfect hosts. Highly recommend Sa Vina to anyone to who plans to stay in the Soller area. Soller is a lovely place and we have been many times before but now we have found Sa Vina we will most definitely not be staying anywhere else and look forward to going back and enjoying another relaxing stay at this fabulous pretty cottage.
Very quiet property accessed via some very narrow streets, and a lot of steps. The views and seclusion are totally worth it.
We had a wonderful stay at this cottage, which exceeded our expectations. Although it has just one bedroom, there is loads of space, both inside and outside. Glorious views from different parts of terrace. Spotlessly clean, with everthing provided for a very comfortable stay. Communication with owner also excellent. Would love to come back!
After finding Sa Vina after a 45min search in the dark with torches we walked into the most tastefully decorated villa. We walked outside onto the veranda ,then sat sipping wine at 1am enjoying Soller by night. In the morning we could see the full magnificent views that were in front of us to take in and appreciate. A 20min walk into Soller and 45min into the Port it really is a little gem. This was the first time we booked this sort of holiday but not the last. Margaret was more than helpful even though being the other side of the world. A most fabulous holiday.
SaViña was recommended to us by my brother, so I was fairly confident that it would be a great holiday destination. We were not disappointed. It was everything my brother had told us, and much, much more. The description on Owner's Direct gave an accurate idea about the property, but the reality excelled on every level.
On arrival we were immediately impressed by the stunning location. The views down to the town of Soller and the surrounding mountains were magnificent. SaViña opened into the bedroom, a large, airy, bright space which felt immediately welcoming, with crisp white bedding on the impressively large bed, whitewashed walls and plenty of storage/hanging space. Step lead up to the generous sized lounge, which is far more spacious than the many holiday cottages for two which we've hired in Britain. The kitchen was very well equipped, and the bathroom well appointed, especially the lovely powerful shower.
Outside was even more impressive, and was where we spent most of our time at SaViña. The terracing wraps almost completely around the property, which is totally private in it's position. On each side there was comfortable, stylish furniture suitable for lounging, sitting, dining and relaxing.
We were most appreciative of the welcome bottle of wine and freshly picked lemon. The abundance of fresh citrus fruits was a real bonus. We enjoyed freshly squeezed orange juice for breakfast (great electric juicer), and my salad dressings were a simple concoction of fresh lemon juice and olive oil.
I have already recommended SaViña to friends, and would definitely stay here again if we visit Mallorca in the future.
Apart from being an amazing holiday property, SaViña is ideally located for exploring the area around Soller, itself a real gem. It is surrounded by stunning mountain scenery, and boasts great access to Port de Soller which has a lovely beach and safe swimming as well as a fantastic choice of restaurants, cafes and shops. The mountain train from Soller to Palma is a must, with a spectacular journey zigzagging up the moutainside above Soller and on to Palma, which itself is a vibrant city, with fantastic shops and stunning historical architecture. The train can be viewed from SaViña, across the valley. I loved playing "spot the train" every evening, as it chugged in and out of the trees and tunnels.
Also recommended are the wonderful walking opportunities from SaViña. Our favourite was the well marked route to Fornalutx.
I walked up from the bus stop one evening in early March just before sunset, sat down on the terrace, looked out over the valley and felt that I could move right in and never leave this place. The only thing missing would be a few chickens under the fruit trees,… The house is beautiful and the surroundings extraordinary. Everything you need is there, including fruit from the trees and two (!) fireplaces. I will definitely be back!!!.
Booking Notes:
£100 deposit at time of booking.
Balance 4 weeks before arrival.
Changeover Day:
Please contact owner as the changeover day is flexible.
Arrival - 2pm
Departure - 10am
* Approximate monthly price. Actual pricing will depend on the days of the month you stay.>>.The.There are also exhibits like contemporary Indian and Italian paintings and sculptures. The interiors of the Lal Baag Palace transport the visitors to the historic era. Lavish decorations in the style of Versailles Palace, Italian marble columns, grand chandeliers, rich Persian carpets, flying nymphs on the ceiling, Belgium stained glass windows, Greek mythological reliefs, Italian style wall paintings, stuffed leopards and tigers gives the visitor an out of the world experience.
The ballroom of the palace has wooden floor mounted on springs for extra bounce. The kitchen was built on the opposite bank of the river. It was connected to the palace by a well lighted underground tunnel. The gates of the Palace are a replica of the gates of Buckingham palace (London). Only, they are about twice their size. The gates were molded in cast iron and were shipped from England. They also carry the Holkar state emblem which states “He who tries will succeed”.The daunting gates of the Lal Bagh Palace are unique in Asia. The rooms of the palace have now been restored and furnished and it has been turned into a museum. Much of the furniture and ornamentation seen there belongs to late Regency and early Georgian style. The main attractions of the palace are the accurately proportioned and furnished rooms, with beautiful carvings on the walls as well as the ceilings.Piazza della Vittoria square
Thank you for your request
Informationen zu Piazza della Vittoria square
Bilder der Unterkunft
The Piazza Vittoria (Victory) square in Bolzano impresses with formal rigor.
At the beginning of the 30s the architect and city planner Marcello Piacentini was appointed to implement the architectural expansion of the city of Bolzano. The base idea was to create an "Italian" city with a representative district (the monument district) at the heart of which was the square Piazza della Vittoria.
The Monumento alla Vittoria monument divides Piazza della Vittoria in two extremely distinct areas from an architectural standpoint. The side of the square facing the Talvera river was expanded thanks to the containment of the river bed. Doing so, on the one hand, created a connection with the historical centre located on the other side of the river, and, on the other, enabled the creation of larger spaces to give more prominence to the Monumento alla Vittoria monument. At the back of the monument is a slightly trapezoid square, the eastern half of which is covered by a strictly geometrical park. The western area is framed by properly structured façades of buildings whose severity, impressiveness and material are such as to instil devotion and respect. Here too the theme of arches (colonnade), typical of the city centre of Bolzano, is recalled. The arches here are used with a modern and monumental style in the palaces around Piazza della Vittoria and along the new main road going west (currently Via della Libertà).
Piazza Vittoria was the central starting point for the urban expansion of Bolzano during the fascist regime.Sanctum - Indie October
So, today for Indie October I played Sanctum for Indie October. Sanctum is a tower defense first person shooter from Coffee Stain Studios. Sanctum has some interesting ideas, you start off in a building phase where you can build various towers around the stage like any other tower defense games. You can build various structures, such as gatling guns or lightning rods. You can also build a tower called the Televator which acts as a tower you can stand a top of to shoot the enemies as they make their way through the level. The core is what you are protecting from the various monsters coming through the portal. Sanctum has some good ideas, turning tower defense into a first person experience is a good idea. Unfortunately, it just doesn't get a lot of things right. The gameplay just didn't feel fun and their controller support was a mess. The controller does MOST of the things and when you're doing the combat parts it's fine. However, there are interface things that it won't do and you still have to use a mouse. Overall, it's not a bad game but it's also not a good game. If Steam is having a deal or you find this in a bundle I would say give it a shot as you may enjoy it more than I did but there are better indie games to spend time with.Join Steve Brown at Grace Encounter 2017 as he teaches from 1 John 3:1-3 about the truth, the love, and the promise that will help us keep truckin' until all is restored.
After watching, make plans to join Steve, his pastor Kevin Labby, Pastor Jerry Q. Parries,:Morven is finishing up his final week in our lab. He worked really hard over the last two months. He will head back to Dartmouth to finish up his undergraduate degree and will be applying for a graduate school in this coming Fall. Good luck, Morven! We are hoping that you would come back to Hopkins for your PhD work (and before that to finish up the project :)!
At Hunan Taste. -3/17/2017
I have found on the Software Testing Magazine web site this interesting video that provides some tips to write better Selenium tests. Selenium is a suite of tools to automate web browsers across many platforms.
*.
* Selenium Grid extends Selenium RC to distribute your tests across multiple servers, saving you time by running tests in parallel.
Watch the video onTravis J Mahrt
405 Barre St Kingsley, Iowa 51028(712) 378-3665
Print | Save | Directions
AboutTravis J Mahrt is located at the address 405 Barre St in Kingsley, Iowa 51028. They can be contacted via phone at (712) 378-3665 for pricing, hours and directions.
Travis J Mahrt has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .
For maps and directions to Travis J Mahrt view the map to the right. For reviews of Travis J Mahrt see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (712) 378-3665
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 63000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsMessage From Archangel Zadkiel For September 2012 – You Divine Spark Within
By GLR ANdReA – Posted on 27 August 2012
Linda Robinson – Message From Archangel Zadkiel For September 2012 – You Divine Spark Within – 27 August 2012
Posted on August 27, 2012 by lucas2012infos
Greetings My Beloved Ones,
You are continuing to progress rapidly on your path of ascension. Many external circumstances may appear to be shifting, and this presents you with additional possibilities for increasing your frequency.
You are being offered the opportunity to rise above the seeming chaos and confusion that can accompany rapid change and shifts in energy. Although this may seem to be a dichotomy, it becomes much clearer when approached from a different perspective.
As the external energy swirls around you, this is an excellent time to turn inward and operate from a centered focus within. This will allow you to view external events from a more peaceful and higher perspective. It will allow you to know that you are tapping into your inner guidance.
One way to turn inward is to focus on the breath. This is a time-honored technique that has been taught by many Higher Beings over the millennia. It is often overlooked because it may appear simple on the surface, but in reality, it is a gateway for connecting with your Soul. When you focus on your breath for a few moments, this allows you to stop thoughts that lead your attention away from your I AM center, or your Divine Spark within. It allows you to connect with the portion of you that is real and to separate yourself from any external chaos. It allows you to connect with the real you. This is the beginning of reconnecting with your true divinity and your Being as an eternal Soul.
When you focus on the breath as it flows gently in and out, you begin to relax. Cares and stresses seem to float away. You become still and aware, centered and calm. You tap into your own inner rhythm. A gentle and peaceful flow emerges. You radiate your own energy from your inner Being rather than reacting to external energy that is around you. The longer you focus on your breath, the more in harmony you become with your own center. You realize that you are a spirit inhabiting a body and that your greater connection is as a spark of the Supreme Creator.
You are a Divine Spark of the Supreme Creator, and you have been sent forth to radiate Love and Light. You have all of the inherent qualities of The Great I AM That I AM, or the Supreme Creator. When you focus on the I AM, or Divine Spark, within your Sacred Heart Center, this connection with The Great I AM That I AM becomes even stronger. The more you increase your focus on this connection, the brighter your Light will shine. Your frequency will begin to vibrate at an even higher rate, which can elevate your perspective and help you remain centered during the shifts in energy. You realize that you are part of something much greater than your individual Self and that you are connected with and are a part of the eternal Supreme Creator.
A natural outgrowth of focusing on the breath and an awareness of your Divine Spark is an increased feeling of love. You may first feel love for the Supreme Creator. This increases your awareness of your Divine Spark, and you realize that you carry within you a part of this great, boundless source of Divine Love. This Divine Love resides in your Divine Spark within your Sacred Heart Center. It is your true Self. It is the eternal you, and it is always there. When you relax and let your attention rest on your Divine Spark, you are able to feel this Love. The more you focus on it, the stronger it becomes. It grows and surrounds your entire Being, and you may feel an increased sense of Love and compassion for yourself. This feeling can then expand to others around you. It is a gentle flowing of Love and is part of your natural Self.
As you realize that this is your true Self, you may feel an increased desire to focus more and more on your Divine Spark. The more you focus on it, the greater its radiance grows. Because energy follows focus, you may find that this increased awareness of Divine Love begins to allow other concerns to fade when you are constantly aware of your true connection to Source. Focusing on this connection allows you to remain centered in the love of the Supreme Creator and to know that this is an enduring bond that transcends time and space. When this occurs, you are acting from your authentic Self.
As a result of living from your authentic Self, you may find an increased sense of peacefulness. This allows you to view situations from a higher perspective and to see the bigger picture. You are able to see the role that each person plays and to realize that you are securely anchored and centered in Divine Love. Your frequency is one of Love. You are able to return to center much more easily as situations occur around you. The more often you pause, focus on the breath, and tune in to your Divine Spark, the more you will remain centered in Divine Love. You become a living example of radiant Love and Light.
Beloved Ones, this is indeed a time to turn inward and focus on your true Divinity. Allow the Love that resides within your Divine Spark to lift you to higher dimensions and even greater awareness.
Know that you are greatly loved in The Light.
I AM Archangel Zadkiel
…and I surround you with Love.
And so it is.
You may copy freely and share. Please copy the message in its entirety, and give credit to Archangel Zadkiel as transmitted through Linda M. Robinson/PersonalPathwaysOfLight.com.Completely Get Rid of Search.rockettab.com Hijack – Remove RocketTab Search from IE/ Chrome/ FirefoxPublished December 9th, 2015 by Genevieve
What is search.rockettab.com? It hijacks your browser default homepage? Tried all means to get rid of it but failed? If you experience the same situation and still need help on how to delete search.rockettab.com for good, follow our removal guide mentioned in this post will help.
Description of Search.rockettab.com
Search.rockettab.com is regarded as a tricky browser hijacker by many computer users for it alerts their browser settings without seeking for any approval, causing the change of default homepage and search engine. Technically speaking, it often comes with third party software that you download from the free online resources. Read the rest of this post »
Live Help by Tee Support Tech Experts
We help you locate a Halifax guitar teacher. Guitar lessons are a brilliant method to start a stimulating new hobby, pick up a new talent and attain confidence in guitar. Try our site to search for Halifax guitar teachers and determine which best matches your requirements so you can start your guitar tuition in Halifax straight away!
First Tutors: Music is the best place to contact Halifax guitar teachers in the UK, helping you discover Halifax guitar lessons in your area and Halifax tutors to assist with any instrument, for example, piano, violin or guitar. We can help you find Halifax guitar tuition or a one-to-one Halifax guitar tutor to prepare for guitar exams and improve your guitar skills! We order Halifax guitar teachers local to you according to their tuition charges and distance from you.
If you are a guitar teacher wishing to offer your guitar tuition services in Halifax or throughout the UK, please register with First Tutors: Music or learn about us here. Becoming a Halifax guitar teacher is a brilliant way to re-affirm your own skills through providing guitar lessons while helping others, all in Halifax!- Interested in volunteering for this yrs #Croydon Heritage Festival? Contact @VCCroydon or pop into Team Croydon in @CentraleCroydon #chf2014
- RT @TheOldMids: @1596Whitgift: PLS RT Be Loud, be Proud, be @TheOldMids ! Please vote "Old Mid-Whitgiftian RFC" #wen…
- RT @informingcarers: Coming up: next Thursday 5 June, #Carers Information Day at @FairfieldHalls, #Croydon. Just drop in any time 10am-4pm …
- #CHF 2014 guides also available @CroydonBID Croydon Visitor Centre next E Croydon Station & @1596Whitgift #Carers Support Centre, George St
- Look out for #Croydon Heritage Festival guides in @CroydonGuardian today or at @whitgiftcroydon @MatthewsYard @VCCroydon @FairfieldHall
- Today's Croydon Heritage Festival pick of the day - explore Broad Green's history through a heritage trail - #chf2014
- Croydon Heritage Festival guides are OUT! Grab yours at #Croydon Visitor Centre @MatthewsYard @FairfieldHalls @CroydonLibs @whitgiftcroydon
- Fancy learning some Tudor dance steps in a Tudor setting? Today's #CHF2014 pick is Tudor Dance at the Palace
- Today's #CHF2014 pick of the day is a guided tour trailing the course of the River Wandle!
- Today's Croydon Heritage pick of the day commemorates the experience of women during World War 1 #CHF2014
- Today's #CHF2014 pick of the day: Crystal Palace & the Edwardian roller skating boom. Really looking forward to this!
- Today's #Croydon Heritage Festival Pick of the Day: 100yr old community hall right in the centre of town! #chf2014
- Brilliant work from #WhitgiftCare staff, who came in for special praise after unannounced @CareQualityComm inspection:
- Today's #Croydon Heritage Festival Pick of the Day: 100 yr old community hall right in the centre of town! #chf2014
- #CHF2014 Pick of the day - Croydon Minster! Great views from the historic tower...
- Each day until start of Croydon Heritage Festival, we'll pick out a specific event for you. 1st up:Croydon Minster:
- RT @CroydonBID: Check out our May eNewsletter - loads of great updates including @CroydonTechCity @1596Whitgift #CheckOutCroydon…
- One month to go to the Croydon Heritage Festival! It all kicks off with Heritage Day on 21 June #chf2014
- RT @LizSheppardJone: Looking great @1596Whitgift @WhitgiftSchool1 the #Croydon Heritage Festival leaflet #CHF2014 :)
- For Croydon Heritage Festiva news & features, as well as related info and articles, have a look at our Facebook:JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Hello!
Zoom
This 250TC Ardor Cotton Quilt Cover Set Andrew is a classic with a modern twist quilt cover that will complement any home decor and instantly turn your bedroom to a new pleasant look. It is made from 250TC 100% Cotton Sateen fabric and reversible. Signature for ARDOR Home Australia. Features a stylish contemporary printed designs in silver, grey, and latte colour toning. -Spin your way to the bottom of the deep blue sea in this underwater themed slot machine by Booming Games.
With 4-reels and 16 fixed paylines, players will be able to enjoy some unique spinning action with plenty of bonus bite. That is thanks to the fact that the mobile optimised video slot comes with a special 4-Way Pay feature which offers extra multiplier boosts, not to mention wild icons and free spin-triggering scatters.
There are loads of slot machines out there which take players down to the ocean floor, revealing the weird and wonderful sites of coral reefs and alien-like sea life..03 credits to 3.00 credits, making the highest possible total bet a fairly hefty 48.00.
Players can also line up some extra wins by finding three or four hammerhead shark scatters in any position regardless of paylines. Those total bet prizes are 80x for three scatters and 160x.SimCity Buildlt Cheat Tool
SimCity Buildlt Cheat Tool ilungele umxokozelo..
Ukuba uyafuna uku! iqhosha kwaye ulinde kwimizuzu embalwa. When you see the ”Completed” message disconnect your device and reboot. So with just a few steps you added the amounts of money and simeleons you wanted. SimCity Buildlt Cheat Tool na 100% secured and tested by our team of hackers. On this hack tool we used the latest security systems. yethu SimCity Buildlt Hack musa ezifuna ingcambu okanye Jailbreak ukubaleka. Our tool can be downloaded free from the button below. vuyela!
Iimbonakalo:
- Add unlimited money
- Add unlimited simeleons
- Guard protection scripts
- 100% ukhululekile ukuba umxokozelo
- Do not require root of jailbreak to run
- Kulula kakhulu ukuba ukusebenzisa
imiyalelo:
- umxokozelo SimCity Buildlt Cheat Tool
- Connect your device to PC by USB
- Khetha iqonga lakho uze ucofe ubhaqo iqhosha Device
- Enter the amounts of money and simeleons you want to add
- Activate the security
- Click Hack Game! iqhosha kwaye ulinde kwimizuzu embalwa
- Disconnect your device and reboot
- vuyela!
SimCity Buildlt Cheat Tool Proof:
Ta Prohm (The Angkor Wat Temple with Trees)
This is where Tomb Raider was shot and the trees and ruins really are amazing.
Here’s a photo essay from our day, but first I wanted to tell you that I’ve discovered my secret super power on this trip, you guys! And this is it: I can take photos that make crazy-full places seem totally dead-calm!
I’m looking over these photos and I am BLOWN AWAY by how empty I made Ta Prohm at Angkor Wat seem, so those of you planning on going to Cambodia, DON’T BELIEVE MY PHOTOS, okay! Because Ta Prohm was packed.[note: please enter “Reading Mode” if you are reading on a computer – top right corner, you just click it and the photos will get larger and the sidebar goes away]
This was a gas station!
__________________________
I won’t ask you to subscribe to my weekly newsletter to receive my free e-book (- my free e-book of 4 years’ worth of my best blog posts related to disability is linked HERE), and I won’t send you anything more than ONE email a week, with ALL of the posts from that week neatly packaged inside!
Just send this on it’s way:
My Facebook is >HERE<, my Instagram is >here<, and Twitter is over >HERE<
3 Comments
Loved the photos of all 3 kids loving non each other. And the ancient trees – what roots! Have fun!
I am just captivated by the trees. They each have such an individual personality. This is a beautiful series, with the ancient rocks and the old trees and the young people all intermixed 🙂
thank you!All computer programming languages allow developers to seperate code into reuseable pieces of code called functions. Functions are critical because they allow us to generalize pieces of work into a block of code and reuse that code as many times as needed. When designed well, functions improve code readability by cutting down on the length of the code. We can also debug our code easier because we only have to look in on place for a bug rather than several places.
Demonstration
Let’s begin with a function demonstration.
# A function def nested_func(): print('Inside of nested_func()') return 'value' # A function def func(): print('Inside of func()') val = nested_func() print('Back in func(). nest_func() returned {}'.format(val)) # Not a function if __name__ == '__main__': print('Outside of all functions. Calling func()') func() print('Back from our functions')
This is a block of code that creates two functions. When we run the code, we get this output.
Outside of all functions. Calling func() Inside of func() Inside of nested_func() Back in func(). nest_func() returned value Back from our functions
Computer programs normally run from top to bottom one line at a time. In the case of this program, the program doesn’t start until we reach
if __name__ == '__main__':. This is because Python runtime isn’t going to execute the code inside of nest_func() or func() until the functions are called.
When the code reaches 17, it executes the print statement. The next line, 18, is our first call to a function. We named our function func() in this case. Calling func() causes the program’s execution to jump up to line 9. Once we are at line 9, Python executes the print statement and then moves onto the next line in the function, line 11.
Line 11 creates a variable called val and then calls our next function, nested_func(). The nested_func() function is a function that returns a value. Program execution moves to line 3. Line 3 executes the print statement, and then line 4 returns a String value. The program execution returns back to line 11.
At this point, the variable val has a value stored in it. The program’s execution goes to line 12 and the print statement is executed. Now the program exits the func() function and control returns to line 19. The program executes the final print statement found on line 19 and then exits.
Defining a function
You create functions in Python by using the
def keyword followed by the name of the function. After the name of the function, you have an opening parentheses ( followed by a closing parenthese ). You can place any number of variables inside of the parentheses. Here is an example
# Function with arguments def func(val, val2): print(val) print(val2) # Calling the function func('Hello', 'World')
The name of this function is func. It has two arguments, val and val2. After the colon, you can include any number of statements you would like inside of the function. The function is now a seperate unit of code at this point. This function get’s called by
func('Hello', 'World'). Anytime the Python interpreter something like this, it will execute all of the statements inside of func. We do not have to use ‘Hello’ or ‘World’ as the argument either. It’s perfectly ok to do something like
func(47, 'Thunderbiscuit').
Optional Arguments
We can specify default values to our functions.
def some_func(arg1='Mickey'): print(arg1) # Prints 'Mouse' some_func('Mouse') # Prints 'Mickey' some_func()
Since this function has optional arguments, we can either pass it our own argument, or we can just use the default. The first call passes ‘Mouse’ to some_func, in which case arg1 = ‘Mouse’. The second call does not specify a value, so arg1 gets the default ‘Mickey’ value.Veg Cutlet
Mixed vegetables – 500 gms
Plain flour-200gms
Egg-1
Bread crumbs-200gms
Cheese-200gms
Smashed potato-300gms
Chilli powder-2 tsp
Turmeric-1/2 tsp
Salt to tatse
Oil to fry
For the Saute:
Onions-2 medium
Green chillies-2
Garlic cloves-4
Ginger thumb size-1
For the tempering:
Mustard seeds-1/2 tsp
Urad dal-1/2 tsp
Cumin seeds-1/2 tsp
Curry leaves
Preparation method:
- Boil the vegetables with turmeric and salt.
- Filter it and crush it like a grated Vegtables.
- Heat oil in a pan, add tempering spices.
- Once they splutter, add chopped onions, green chillies, chopped garlic, chopped ginger and sauté it.
- Add the grated vegetables, turmeric powder, chilli powder and salt.
- Cook For the few mins in medium flame.
- Remove it and make it cool.
- Add chopped coriander leaves and smashed potato, grated cheese(optional) and mix it well
- Make balls and press it in cutlet shape.
- Roll the cutlets in plain flour, dip into egg, roll in the breadcrumbs.
- Heat oil in a pan, place the cutlet few at a time and fry it till it turns to golden brown
- serve it hot.first edition Leather
1811 · New York
by Keith, Thomas
New York: Samuel Whiting and Samuel Wood, 1811. First American Edition. Leather. Very Good. 8vo. Complete with 346 pages and five folding plates. Full sheep cover. Sound binding. Clean pages with light toning. Little wear to the plates; some spotting. Typical wear to the sheepskin cover with neatly mended front joint. Spine label in good shape. Thomas Keith was a mathematician, teacher, and author who was appointed to the staff of the royal household and served as the geography professor for Princess Charlotte of Wales and Princess Sophia Matilda. This text, which Keith originally authored in 1804, was an exceptionally popular work and was published in numerous editions for almost fifty years. As its title page notes, it includes discussions of "the figure, magnitude, and motion of the earth; the natural changes of its surface . . . together with elementary principles of meteorology, and astronomy, [and] the theory of the tides. . . ." (Inventory #: 008405)Mention of our tool [url removed, login to view] on IT resources, forums etc (up to $50)
Bajet $250-750 CAD
We in a way there they will not be banned or be considered as spam. We are willing to pay good for good results.
We have a number of projects in the field to be rolled out one after another., we can discuss the amount.
2 pekerja bebas membida secara purata $250 untuk pekerjaan ini
Sir, I have several Reddit ID which has enough good karma which means if I post with those ID about your tools I hope it will be very effective.Carmichael Dave starts off with the latest NFL lockout news and updates from the leagues owners meeting today, Tiger Woods fired his long time caddy Steven Williams who made comments today about losing respect for Tiger..
Next, Dave does a CLUB 50 trivia question about soccer which leads to a divide between listeners that love Soccer talk and those who HATE Soccer and would turn radio off if Dave stays with Soccer talk. Dave then reads a list of the top ten worst sports injuries of all time. That lights up the phone lines with listeners chiming in with injuries not mentioned on the list. To close the show, Dave plays audio from stories he hasn’t got to yet and CLUB 50 trivia giveaway.
I like football, prefer the beautiful and stylish football shoes to introduce aNike soccer cleats.
Still thinking about Christmas gift for your kids? Still don’t know what to send for your boyfriend? Afraid of unaffordable money for luxury product? Nike Mercurial Vapor Superfly are your best choice.Magn:
Target System: 38 in. wide x 33 in. tallGong: 10 in.(top to bottom)x 3/8 in. thickWeight of System: 21 lbs.Weight of Gong: 8 lbs..No deals for Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale 2018-01-16 Flipkart The Republic Day Sale : 10% Cashback On CITI Bank Credit & Debit Cards Click here for deal 0 redemptions 2018-01-16 Flipkart The Republic Day Sale (21st - 23rd Jan) : Upto 90% Off + Extra Offers Click here for deal 8 redemptions
Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale Returns for 2017
Wow, that sounds like a masala Bollywood movie title. However, it is neither a movie nor just “a” day this time around. Flipkart will be hosting ‘*The Big Billion Days Sale*’ for five consecutive days this year also. Flipkart sale 2017 date has been announced. The surprise does not end there. Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale is going to be for both desktop as well as app sale this year.
Back to the present, Flipkart is a lot more prepared and confident with The Big Billion Days sale after years of practice. It has better technology, greater manpower and new fulfillment centres to guarantee smooth experience and efficient delivery to its customers.
Flipkart The Big Billion Days Sale 2017 Schedule, Date and Time
The Big Billion Days Sale schedule has been officially announced by Flipkart. Complete schedule of the Big Billion Days Sale is as below:
The Big Billion Days Sale Period
20th Sep – 24th Sep 2017
Start Time of Big Billion Days Sale
Mid Night 12:00 AM of 20th Sep 2017
End Time of Big Billion Days Sale
11:59 PM of 24th Sep 2017
What you can expect in this Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale in terms of offers?
Some offers are expected during the Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale. Here is the list of the offers.
Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale offers on Mobiles
Upto 50% discount on mobiles from all top brands
Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale offers on Electronics
Upto 45% off on electronics like TV, refrigerator, washing machines, AC etc
Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale offers on Fashion & clothing
Upto 70% discounts on fashion, clothing and apparels
Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale offers on Home and Kitchen Appliances
Upto 80% discounts on Home and Kitchen appliances
Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale offers on Sports & Fitness Goods
Upto 60% on the all sports & fitness goods
Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale offers on Mobile accessories
Upto 90% on mobile accessories
Bank Offers on Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale:
Flipkart is going to give extra 10% instant discounts for SBI Debit/Credit Card Members during the Big Billion Days Sale.
Other Payment Offers on Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale:
Flipkart Big Billion Days Pre Sale Contest:
Like previous years, Flipkart again organize pre-sale contest. Here you can Motorola Deck Bluetooth Speakers Worth Rs 8990. To participate, you need follow below instructions:
Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale Sneak Peek Offers:
Flipkart has early disclosed their offers for Big Billion days Sale. Here is all expected offers:
Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale offers on fashion, home appliances, TV & large Appliances Sale:
Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale offers on Mobiles & Accessories Sale
Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale offers on Electronics Sale :
Loot The Big Billion Days Sale with DesiDime
Yes, throughout the five days of The Big Billion Days, DesiDime will bring you the worthiest Flipkart coupons*, the coolest Flipkart deals and the trendiest Flipkart offers on a single page, here. Be it clothes, shoes, bags and all kinds of fashion accessories for men and women, we will be the first to bring you the best Flipkart discount coupons on them. Here, you will also find all the most amazing Flipkart deals on mobile phones, cameras, tablets and electronics like laptops, refrigerators, TV, washing machines, all neatly sorted and arranged in descending order of quality and popularity. This will be a very transparent process as all the deals and coupons on DesiDime are voted up by the users. Thus, if you see a particular Flipkart deal on the top, it means that deal is truly worthy and should not be missed.
With around 70 product categories on Flipkart, DesiDime will get you the best Flipkart offers on almost everything you may need to buy like furniture, home furnishings like bed sheets, curtains, home décor items, kids’ clothes, toys, baby gear, books, music/ film DVDs, kitchen ware, dining ware, cutlery, gaming consoles, office supplies and stationery et al.
Myntra Big Billion Days Sale Offers
In 2014, Myntra merged with Flipkart, and since then it has been hosting the Myntra Big Billion Days sale alongside Flipkart. This year too, the Myntra Big Billion Days sale is going to start at midnight on 20 September 2017 with a plethora of offers on fashion apparels, bags, shoes, belts, sunglasses and other fashion accessories from various fashion brands. Here’s a sneak peek into the Myntra Big Billion Days offers:
Myntra First Order offer- Get Rs 1000 cashback for your first purchase on Myntra
Myntra Big Billion Days offer on shoes- Get up to 60% off
Myntra Big Billion Days offer on brands:
Myntra Big Billion Days Gift Card offer: Up to Rs 200 off on Myntra Gift Cards
Myntra Big Billion Days Bank Offer: 10% instant discount on payment with SBI debit/ credit cards
There will be a lot more than this to look forward to. So bookmark this page to discover and grab the hottest Myntra Big Billion Days offers in one place.
Jabong Big Billion Days Sale Offers
Acquired by Myntra in July 2016, Jabong will also be a part of the Flipkart Big Billion Days sale 2017 which starts from 20 September 2017 and it will go on till 24 September 2017. Jabong will be offering some incredible discounts on a vast range of products from numerous brands. Thus, this Diwali you can grab lovely kurtas, dresses, ethnic skirts, salwars, jewellery, bags, other fashion accessories, beauty products and everything you need to make your Diwali brighter at great discounts at the Jabong Big Billion Days sale. Here are some of the offers you can catch at this sale:
Jabong Big Billion Days Offers on App: Exclusive offers available on the Jabong mobile app only
Jabong Big Billion Days offer on Clothes:
Jabong Big Billion Days bank offer: 10% instant discount on purchases made with SBI cards
Want to make the most of the Jabong Big Billion Days sale? Keep a tab on this DesiDime page where we will bring you every deal, big or small, as soon as it goes live.
Get the DesiDime App for The Flipkart Big Billion Day Sale Offers
If you are running out of phone memory, you can browse through the Flipkart offers on DesiDime’s mobile website, too. However, we promise a much smoother experience of The Big Billion Days on our feather-light mobile app.
So, start making that wish-list and keep an eye on this page to grab some great steal deals on The Big Billion Days.
Flipkart The Big Billion Days Sale Promo Sneak Video
Flipkart Big Billion Days Sale sneak promo videohas been out with tag line #AbMehengaaiGiregi.Boeing Off The Hook In 2 Satellite Arbitration Cases
On Feb. 4, an arbitration panel in the International Centre for Dispute Resolution — the international division of the American Arbitration Association — rejected a claim for $240 million brought by insurers for Space Communications Corp., Boeing said in a form 10-K filed with the...
To view the full article, register now.
Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to loginOver 15 years of experience in senior executive roles in automotive security, consumer-web, telecommunication and digital TV.
Before joining Cisco as Director of Business Development for automotive security, Asaf has served different technical marketing roles in BigBand Network, NDS and Orca Interactive.
Asaf holds a B.Sc Cum Laude in Computer Science and B.A in Philosophy from Tel-Aviv University.Go BackIn The Grasshopper Lies Heavy, Franklin Delano Roosevelt was never assassinated, instead becoming a strong leader who pulls America out of the Great Depression. He sees the Nazi threat and arms America so that they're ready for war. In 1940, instead of Bricker being elected, Democrat Rexford Tugwell becomes president, leading America to victory over the Axis.
Thus, the USA and Britain emerge as the two dominant powers, not Germany and Japan. The two of them divide up the world to be placed under their respective hegemonies, and there is peace for about a decade. The two countries do not trust each other however, and worse times follow. Britain gets the better of this empire-jousting, and U.S. power dwindles. In this way, Britain gains rulership of the world instead of the Nazis.
Log in or register to write something here or to contact authors.
Need help? accounthelp@everything2.comTitle
Overexpression of Sox11 Promotes Corticospinal Tract Regeneration after Spinal Injury While Interfering with Functional Recovery
Document Type
Article
Language
eng
Format of Original
7 p.
Publication Date
2-18-2015
Publisher
Society for Neuroscience
Source Publication
Journal of Neuroscience
Source ISSN
1529-2401
Original Item ID
DOI: 10.1523/JNEUROSCI.2832-14.2015
Abstract.
Published version. Journal of Neuroscience, Vol. 35, No. 7 (February 18, 2015): 3139-3145. DOI. © Society for Neuroscience 2015. Used with permission.SHIRLEY LENORA ROST
Shirley Lenora Rost, 79, of Marshfield, died Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2017, in her home.
She was born Oct. 20, 1938 in West Plains, Mo. to Hugh and Thelma (Durham) Bennett.
She was preceded in death by her parents, Hugh and Thelma Bennett; her husband, Bob Rost; her brother, Kenneth Bennett; and sister-in-law Lois Fraker.
Survivors include two sons and their wives, Keith and Cary Rost, of Aurora, and Brian and Karen Rost, of Marshfield; one daughter, Tracy Underwood and her friend Sammy Halford, of Galena; two grandsons, Jordan Rost and Hunter Rost, both of Marshfield; sisters-in-law, Sharon Bennett, of Troutdale, Ore.; June Criger, of Marshfield, and Phoebe Cleir, of Marshfield; three brothers-in-law and their wives, Donald and Leona Rost, of Marshfield, E.L. and Delores Rost, of Marshfield, and Don Fraker, of Marshfield; and many other relatives and friends.
Funeral services for Shirley Lenora Rosa will be held at 2:30 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 30, 2017 at Marshfield First Baptist Church.
Burial will follow in Ebenezer Cemetery, under the direction of Fraker Funeral Home of Marshfield.
Category:
The Lebanon Daily Record
100 E. Commercial St.
Lebanon, MO 65536
(417) 532-9131Naples Realtor to Appear on Saturday's 'House Hunters' on HGTV
See Heather Caine of Caine Premier Properties at 11 p.m. Aug. 19
Heather Caine with Melanie and Zach Nimboorkar
Photo courtesy of HGTV
When Realtor Heather Caine arrived on the Naples scene two years ago, she immediately started thinking about how she could differentiate herself in a very crowded market.
Heather, it looks like you’ve done it.
On Saturday night (Aug. 19), she and her firm, Caine Premier Properties, will be featured on HGTV’s House Hunters. The episode airs at 11 p.m.
“I’m so excited,” says Caine, who built a 27-agent firm in Texas and expanded to Naples two years ago. “It’s been a long process.”
She hasn’t seen the episode herself, but the producers promise her it’s “epic” and a departure from the typical show format, which features a house-hunting individual or couple, their three best housing options and the property they ultimately choose. Caine’s role as agent, normally subdued, gets elevated. Her family—husband Andrew and two daughters—make an appearance. So does project manager Katie Werchek of the Naples-based Werchek Development, who partners with Caine on home renovation projects. And Caine’s firm represented both sides of the transaction for the featured couple, Melanie and Zach Nimboorkar, who moved from Texas to Naples (they happen to be friends with the Caines).
“It’s just a different kind of episode,” says Caine. She’s sworn to secrecy on the details otherwise, as well as to other big news that she says is brewing.
Caine and Werchek pitched HGTV cold, angling for their own show based on the work they’ve been doing in Naples.
“My spin is I can turn every home into a model home,” Caine says. With Werchek’s construction expertise, the Realtor helps sellers gut and remodel properties in order to sell them at top dollar and buyers transform lackluster purchases into dream homes. “We’re taking paradise by storm,” she adds.
Almost immediately after sending the video audition pitch, Caine got a call from Diona Vaughan, the casting director and now a producer for Pie Town Productions, the company that behind House Hunters and other HGTV shows.
“She said, ‘Girl, I love your tape, but we don’t just give people a show,’” Caine recalls. Vaughan invited Caine to audition for House Hunters instead.
The rest, as they say, is history—at least until Saturday night’s big reveal.
To see more of Caine’s work, you can catch her on Fox 4’s The Morning Blend where her Homes with Heather segment airs on Friday between 8 a.m. and 9 a.m. and on the first Monday of the month during the same morning slot.The Shadow Tracer by Meg Gardiner is an explosive stand-alone thriller from the Edgar Award–winning writer Stephen King called “the next suspense superstar” Publisher: Dutton Adult, June 2013.
Sarah has the perfect occupation which she’ll need when the past reaches out and touch her. With learned skills, Sarah stays one step ahead of her enemies, avoiding detection at every corner in this suspenseful tale that took me on a roller-coaster ride with my heart thumping as the tension in each chapter played out. This is an adrenaline-charged riveting drama that did not pause as Sarah raced again foes and time to save both herself and her daughter’s lives. A great read in this gripping tale of a mother’s love will have you grasping the pages from beginning to end. Meg delivers a dynamite package of thrills and chills in this well-written novel that takes her to the pinnacle of thriller authors.
Sounds like a great read and I’ve already placed it on my book list. Thanks for the review, Dru!
Wow, this one has me shivering already. What a great read this promises to be!
I like a fast paced novel. It’s on the wishlist now!
Got it on my wish list.
Downloaded this book today; looks really great.A TOP economic crime detective was among the high-profile speakers at the launch of a new University of Teesside centre.
The Teesside Business School Centre for Fraud and Financial Crime will educate police officers, specialists from other investigative agencies and workers from private businesses in how to prevent and detect even the most sophisticated of crimes.
Opening the centre, Judge Leslie Spittle said: “With the university providing training, both at the university and in partnership with other agencies, we will have a nationally co-ordinated policy.
“The university has seen there is a need and is meeting that need within the business and financial community.”
Judge Spittle was also a speaker at the conference to launch the centre, where he talked about the prosecution of fraud offences.
Also speaking at the launch was Detective Chief Superintendent Steve Wilmott, the head of the City of London’s Economic Crime Department, which includes the Financial Investigation and Cheque and Credit Card Units.
Fred Hutchinson, director of the centre, said: “This new centre builds on the significant reputation that we have already established in the field.
“Fraud is becoming a big concern because of its links with organised crime and suggestions that it is being used to finance terrorism.”
The university originally established its reputation through the work of Professor Alan Doig, who recently retired, having run the Fraud Studies Unit and advising governments and law enforcement agencies across the world.
The new centre will develop that work and its MA Fraud Management course.
There is also a similar programme for civilian fraud investigation officers from banks, other large companies and agencies investigating crimes including benefit fraud.
The centre is developing courses together with the National Police Improvement Agency to support work in financial investigation, the Department for Work and Pensions and CIPAS, the UK’s only not for profit membership association dedicated to prevention of fraud and financial crime.
Mr Hutchinson said: “The nature of the organisations working with us indicates that we are at the forefront in this field.
“We see this work as particularly important as there is increasing emphasis being placed on partnerships between the public and private sectors in dealing with financial crime.
“Many organisations want to improve the status of their work in fraud management - effective education and research can support them in their objectives.”Need a little magic? Looking for a real love spell that actually works? Our large group of mixed magic love spell casters are very effective and caring. In fact, we cast love spells that work fast – immediately in many cases. Because our clients get extremely fast results from the love spells our love spell casters deliver, they love us and the real spells we cast. In fact, most before we are finished casting their love spells. We cast real love spells that work! Additionally, we are real love spell casters that actually care about people and always put forth 110% effort when casting a spell.
Get back with ex. The get your ex back love spell fixes relationships (also stops a break up). Yes, you really can Get back together with your girlfriend, boyfriend, husband, or wife. Furthermore, your relationship can be saved, even if it ended badly. Get started now with a Bring Back a lost lover using The Get Back With Ex Love Spells.
Get your ex back, even if they are currently with another lover. Therefore, they will break up and he or she will come back to you, to be in your loving arms, the way it should have been all along. Finally, get started now with a break them up and bring back your lost love using The Break Up Come Back Love Spells.
Binding love spells are meant for more serious relationships like marriage, or the path to something very special and permanent. Therefore, once the binding love spell is cast, it is extremely difficult to reverse. Additionally, we highly recommended that you ensure you are choosing the right person for yourself before asking us to cast The Binding Love Spells.
The renew our love spell will make you both feel like you used to feel, all over again. In addition, wonderful feelings from the past, return. Do you remember butterflies in your stomach at the slightest touch? Does the flame of passion need to be re-lit? Finally, it will all come back to you both with The Renew Our Love Spells.
Strengthen the love between you two today! Has everyday life gotten in the way of your relationship? Does it feel like progress to something more stable between the two of you is on hold, or reached its plateau? You don’t have to live this way anymore! Finally, the love you share can be stronger with The Strengthen Our Love Spells.
Finally find your soul mate! Have your eye on someone special and want to attract them to you? Become more attractive to that special person you want to notice you. The targeted attraction love spell we cast sends out a positive vibe to a particular person. Therefore, you will have the person you want with The Attract My Soul Mate Love Spells.
Are you “playing the field”, and want more options? Go from getting turned down to turning some of them down. The public attraction love spell we cast sends out a positive vibe to anyone that see’s you. Therefore, you will become irresistible to all, and attract the general public with The Attraction Love Spells..
Need a Sex Spell that works? Are there cob webs in your underwear drawer, because your sex life almost or completely none? There’s nothing worse than a stale sex life. Our increased sexual desire majic love spell will increase his or her sexual desire for you, and increase your desire for him or her. Finally, rekindle passionate sex in your relationship with The Sex Love Spells we offer.Comment Re:Not sure about the recovery test (Score 1) 125
The weight of the fuel decreases as you burn it out the back of the rocket, increasing efficiency For each second of the burn. Second, did you account for the rotation of the earth underneath the rocket? Zeroing out the forward momentum does eat up most of the fuel, but you don't need a whole lot of forward velocity to fall down a parabolic arc from that height to return home. Landing requires about 60m/s of delta v at it's new mass.There is nothing more powerful than love, nothing so motivating or that touches so many lives. There have been more books written, more movies made, and more songs sung about love than any other topic. Finding your eternal valentine is the ultimate treasure hunt.
“The Lord has ordained that we should marry,” President Gordon B. Hinckley has said,  will be the most important of all the choices you make in your life” (Ensign, May 1998, 51).
Is love something that you are smitten with, something that strikes you like Cupid’s arrow without any say-so? Because we live in a world of agency, wouldn’t it make sense that the most important decision made in mortality would be our choice and not left in Cupid’s hands?
Twitterpated?
For some people, falling in love is a magical encounter, something that seems to happen at first sight, like that scene in the movie Bambi where Thumper becomes “twitterpated” at the first sight of a beautiful little bunny rabbit. He is instantly smitten by her lovely charm; his eyes become glazed over and dilate to twice their normal size in a hypnotic, enamored stare; and his little rabbit’s foot begins to thump the ground at 90 miles an hour. Bambi similarly becomes twitterpated with a beautiful young doe named Faline.
For others, it isn’t so much “falling in love” as it is “rising in love.” Their love is a growing attraction toward another. Though the “Thumper/Bambi” love-at-first-sight may also rise and bloom like the second, it is often merely physical, a cotton candy kind of love that has no substance and later dissolves, leaving nothing but decay and one more divorce statistic.
On the other hand, “divine” love, as President Spencer W. Kimball (1895–1985) called it, “is not like that association of the world which is misnamed love, but which is mostly physical attraction. …” (The Teachings of Spencer W. Kimball, 1982, 248).
Being the Right One
Your success in marriage will depend largely on your ability to focus on improving yourself, rather than trying to reshape your spouse. It will depend more on being the right one than finding the right one. There is greater power in giving than in getting. Pure love “seeketh not her own” (1 Cor. 13:5; Moro. 7:45). The Savior is wise; His wisdom is beyond ours. We should trust Him. He is never wrong.
“In selecting a companion for life and for eternity,” said President Kimball, “certainly the most careful planning and thinking and praying and fasting should be done to be sure that, of all the decisions, this one must not be wrong. In true marriage there must be a union of minds as well as of hearts” (1976 Devotional Speeches of the Year, 144)..
Real Love and Conversation Hearts
On Valentine’s Day, there are billions of little candy hearts produced—you’ve seen them—with words on them like “my girl,” “kiss me,” “she’s cute,” and, of course, “I love you.” What are you looking for in your sweetheart? If you could print your own candy hearts to describe the ideal man or woman, what would you look for?
The Lord said, “A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another” (John 13:34). To love as He loved is different from the way the world loves.
Let’s look at the Lord’s list of behaviors showing how He loved the Church and apply it to the loving relationship that should exist between sweethearts. We find it in 1 Corinthians 13 and Moroni 7.
True love—charity—suffereth long.
Is patient instead of impatient and tolerant of imperfections instead of intolerant.
Is helpful instead of being critical of weaknesses. Charity does not criticize, is not cranky, and does not complain.
True love is kind..
Is humble and teachable, does not seek attention, praises others, does not murmur or belittle.
True love doth not behave itself unseemly..
Is forgiving, patient, calm, gentle, and respectful; is a peacemaker who does not get angry, irritable, or vengeful; is not abusive in word or deed; does not swear or quarrel.
True love thinketh no evil..
Is an optimist who looks for the best; praises, builds up, and expresses affection.
True love endureth all things.
Of the Seventy
Illustrated by Steve KroppListen, Learn, Participate, Repeat
Chapter 18 of Brian Solis’ book, Engage!, focused on how brands can use the conversation prism to create the social media map perfect for their brand. He covered a lot of information this chapter so I will only touch on some quick key points.
One of the first things Solis mentions how companies were so focused on profit that they were pushing away their consumers. At that time they hadn’t realized that the long-term value of interacting with their consumers rather than leaving them to an automated machine or outsourced service lines. Solis mentions a survey authored by Jonathan Whitaker that showed directing customers to these services negatively impacted customer satisfaction. Being one of those customers, I agree with these findings. It usually makes the situation more complicated than it needs to be leaving me dissatisfied. The quote below stood out to me:
A happy customer tells several friends and an unhappy customer tells many more.
It’s so true! People are more inclined to tell their friend about how long it took to reach someone at Comcast than to speak about new channels. Solis says that sometimes brands stop seeing the customer’s viewpoint and only see the dollar signs. Taking a customer’s experience into account will give brands the opportunity to connect better with their consumers.
This connection can be strengthened by actually talking to consumers when they have a problem. I think what Solis said about brands bringing information and solutions to the conversation so that the conversation can be on their terms. I also think it was important that Solis said brands should “experience the nature, dynamic, ambience and emotion of the dialogue” instead of just talking to say you talked.
The last part of the goes into the nitty-gritty of the Conversation Prism and how brands can use it to identify where the most important conversations are, when they’re happening and how to gather this information for a presentation for the bosses.
Photo courtesy of briansolis.com
He touches on adaptation as well and how it will help your brand “evolve and increase in relevance, both online and offline.” Overall, the chapter was really informative but a lot to take in and understand upon first reading. I’ll leave you with this simple statement:
In the end, we are measured by our actions, and our words.
You chose some great quotes out of the chapter, Cherese! 🙂 I especially like the one about the happy customer because it’s right! I am reminded about what we as a class discussed recently….that’s why being transparent and authentic is soo important! It goes hand-in-hand with having happy, satisfied customers! Businesses need to keep this in mind when developing their online presence in order to be successful.
You’re right, Laura! In this chapter, Brian mentions that transparency has a dual-definition which includes being “see-through and geniune.” That honest interaction with the consumers is what brings them back.I'll always be with you! How utterly beautiful ❤️❤️ Pooh Bear is my favorite ! Made mom and dad still call me 'Pooh Bear'
Christopher Robin says goodbye to Pooh. This is one of the saddest things I've ever read.
Always remember you are braver than you believe and loved more than you even know
Sometimes the littlest things take up the most room in your heart -- Winnie the Pooh (cute baby quote)
Christopher Robin looked long and hard at Pooh's face. "Are you learning me by heart?" asked Pooh. "No," he answered, "I know you by heart, you are inside my heart.
To my two beautiful daughters.
Inspirational poster for children WP
in the 100 acre forest
"Weeds are flowers too, once you get to know them.A Milne. This quote is perfect for Eeyore. He is always depressed and lethargic, but it takes true friends like Pooh and Piglet to see the sweet and kind "person" he really is.Church of the SubGenius–All HAIL “Bob” Dobbs!
Say Hello to my good friend “Bob!” He and his Papal representative, Ivan Stang, stopped by to see me on their way to the Church’s annual X-day celebration. Of course, they did this several months in advance, seeing as how they were going the long way around from Texas to California, and across the nation to New York. They may have even missed the celebration, I don’t know. I was in the hospital recovering from smoke inhalation due to close proximity with “Bob’s” pipe. How he can smoke that stuff and smile is beyond me, but then, he is the Sultan of Slack…
I did get a postcard from Ivan, it had some weird symbols all over it, and some gibberish about how he was right after all, Aliens DID come during the first X-day, but that they successfully mass-hypnotized the world’s population so that they could play havoc with the world’s monetary systems without interference. He said that the true believers would recognize each other by this symbol:
and by this codeword: FNORD
Who knows….maybe he smoked what was in “Bob’s” pipe eh?
Praise “Bob”!!
Interesting place you run here… I think I shall subscribe
welcome aboard, and thx for kissing the Blarney Stone!Simone Simone is 49 years old female from Araguari, Brazil. She is interested in meet new people. 49, female, Patos de Minas Likes: 1074 Bridgette 45, New York 5151 Sonia 44, Reading 4698 Merengue Dawn 47, Sparta 1910 Malinda 48, Benton 6699 Sex on the Beach Donna 50, Windsor 2278 samira 46, Manassas 1976 laura 50, San Jose 2284 Jane Kristen 48, Santa Clara 1116 Joyce 48, North Bergen 517Will the New DoD Cybersecurity Regulations Cause a New Wave of Protest Disputes?
The new DoD cybersecurity regulations require contractors to implement the security requirements specified by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication (SP) 800-171, “Protecting Controlled Unclassified Information in Nonfederal Information Systems and Organizations,” not later than Dec. 31, 2017. DFARS, 252.204-7008(c)(1).
However, a contractor may propose to vary from the NIST SP 800-171 requirements under two circumstances. Under DFARS 252.204-7008(c)(2), a contractor may propose to vary from the security requirements specified by NIST SP 800-171 through a written?
In This Article
You May Also Like
Selling Software to the Government: Four Cybersecurity Lessons from a Failed DoD Bid Protest Addressing Data Breaches During Due Diligence - What is a Buyer (and Seller) to do?Hinterland Adventures
Paintball, Outdoor Laser Tag, Clay Bird Shooting & Archery. Corporate, social, sports & school groups, stag do's, birthdays or just for fun. Hinterland Adventures provides quality activities just 15 mins north of Hamilton CBD with easy access to SH1.
- Adult
- $25.00 - $80.00
Paintball Hinterland
Outdoor Laser Tag Hinterland
Paintball Target Shooting Hinterland
Paintball Target Shooting Hinterland
Paintball Group Hinterland
Speedball Paintball Hinterland
Mobile Paintball Hinterland
Paintball Hinterland
Paintball Club Hinterland
Hinterland Archery
Archery Hinterland
Clay Bird Hinterland
Clay Bird Hinterland
Clay Bird Hinterland
Hinterland Paintball
Hinterland Paintball
Hinterland Laser Tag
1 / 17
About.
Map +Marg a £1.8m loan and £200,000 grant to the childcare charity in 2005.
Their relationship ended this year, shortly before the Charity Commission ordered Catz Club to take back a £7,500 donation to Labour. According to the charity's latest accounts for the year ending September 2006, it is £3.5m in debt.
Shadow Cabinet Office minister Francis Maude asked Byrne in the House of Commons on Wednesday whether he would look into the roles played by McDonagh and Delew.
Byrne said: "Political parties' members of staff are entitled to go on and do other things." But he added: "Now that the case has been brought to my attention, I will of course do what I can to review it and to correspond with him."
The Charity Commission has been probing governance concerns at the charity since September last year.
Minister to ask about Labour-leaning Catz Club staff, is an ex-Labour fundraiser.
John Plummer recommends
Futurebuilders.Mata Ortiz Potters…Rosa Gaona
Once again as we got ready to move on through Mata Ortiz in search of pots,several potters showed up with their wares. One interesting and gratifying aspect of the local culture is that they don’t seem to compete that much. There is an openness to others selling their wares on your doorstep or even right there […]Take a Tour
Mata Ortiz Potters…Lupito and Ledezma
I am a bit sketchy on these names, but not a bit doubtful of the quality of their work. The extended family in this home specializes in effigy work and their pots almost always include some animal portrayals.Take a Tour
Mata Ortiz Potters…Lori Andrew
On the dusty quiet street in Mata Ortiz last week, we met two teenage girls with some ceramic creations that were a little different. Masks like the ones produced down country but with techniques from Mata Ortiz. Two masks which are the creation of their mother, Lori Andrew.Take a Tour
Mata Ortiz Potters…Rosy Mora
Outside the Villalba home Rosy waited with a few polychrome wonders…nothing was said as I selected several small Christmas ornaments and 2 small pots…delicate and smooth. A simple display of Mata Ortiz Pottery.Take a Tour
Mata Ortiz Potters…Cesar and Gaby Dominguez
On the walls clung shelves and brackets with the supplies and detritus of 100s of days of shaping, sanding, painting…the meticulous potting culture of Mata Ortiz. Before us a beaming Cesar Dominguez holds one of his little pots, a unique museum quality green and graphite gem.Take a Tour
Mata Ortiz Potters…the Villalba Family
We wandered around the Villalba home/studio for at least an hour…a truly Mexican home and an earthy potting environment. The matriarch watched with few words as I ran my naive eyes over her clay miracles. The walls behind her were layered with crosses, the pope, Jesus, Mary, lots of lights… The use of the reject car […]Take a Tour
Mata Ortiz Potters…Gerardo Mora
North of Copper Canyon, the town of Mata Ortiz is filled with potters…they call it “The Mata Ortiz Pottery Phenomenon”. You can actually get a vivid description of this on the video of the same name produced by The American Museum of Ceramic Art. This wonderful video includes footage of Mata Ortiz, interviews with Spencer […]Take a Tour
Mata Ortiz Potters…Tina and Eusebio Sandoval
Last week I was down in Mata Ortiz and made the rounds of ten or more homes visiting and buying pots. Diana Acosta was with me as was Alfredo Murillo. Alfredo (pictured in this recent post) is my right hand in Chihuahua City where he lives with his wife Norma and kids. He also guides […]Take a Tour
A conversation with Juan Quezadas at Mata Ortiz
I was traveling with Eric and Karen- theTrans Ameicas Journey people and we had the chance to sit down with Juan Quezada, the famous potter of Mata Ortiz. It was fascinating discussion about the origins of the family based pottery works. Check out this video and the pics below.Take a TourClick to Zoom in
Snap-in, snap-out replacement ink pads for 2000 PLUS® printer series deliver up to 5,000 impressions. - View Complete Details
Product Number: COS065476
In Stock
Estimated Delivery - 1 business day(s) - Wed 1/17 2 business days - Thu 1/18
Shipping - This item is eligible for Free Shipping on orders over $45
COSCO 2000PLUS Replacement Ink Pad for 2000PLUS 1SI60P, Red -Online band members only : Bassist, drummer, Singer
Posted 10 months ago by Bartcode. 145 views.drummer singer songwriter bass player punk rock
Wants to join a band
in Anna, Illinois, United States.
Anna, Illinois, United States-26 only.
Video
Related ads »
My name is Chase and the band I was a part of for the last 4 years recently broke up due to conflicting work/college schedules. I've been playing bass for 5 years now and I can contribute keyboards and backing vocals as well as ukulele (if ever.. read more » »
Related searches:Cairns bookstores rebound as e-reader sales struggle
Local bookshop owners say the romance of leafing through a good book still resonates with Cairns readers.
The humble bookstore is enjoying a quiet revival in the Tropical North as sales of electronic readers continue to fall in countries across the globe.
For the first time since the launch of Amazon’s Kindle in 2007, e-books sales among the five major UK publishers dropped in 2015.
Cairns Books’ Mark Steedman started his business in 2013.
The store’s opening followed the closure of an Angus and Robertson chain store in Cairns and the demise of Borders mega-stores nationwide.
Many people thought the business wouldn’t last more than a year, Mr Steedman says.
“We did get a lot of people who’d say things like, ‘Gee, you’re brave,’” he says.
“There was a lot of cynicism out there. The banks weren’t that keen on us.
“They saw it as a dying industry. But I had a fair idea that there was still plenty of room in the market for book stores.
“The trigger point for me was seeing yet another book store in Cairns close and knowing if I didn’t do it, there probably wouldn’t be another one out there.”
Whileaway Bookshop and Cafe at Port Douglas has grown into a bustling hub for locals and tourists, mixing good coffee with great reads on Macrossan St.
Back in Cairns, Sue Allan has run Sue’s Book Exchange in Bungalow for more than 30 years. The emergence of e-books has never threatened her business, Ms Allan says.
“The number of sales has never really varied,” she says.
“I’ve got an iPad at home with books on it but I’d take a paper book every time.
“A lot of people like to be able to hold the book in their hands and when they’re done, give it away.
“You can’t give it away if it’s on a Kindle. But you can give a book away.”
Mr Steedman says smaller, independent bookstores can better cater to their audience.
“The trend is moving towards bookstores that cater themselves to their market better than the big chains,” he says.
“We stock a lot of local authors and local history books that other stores aren’t interested in. It’s our point of difference.”
Internet-based retailers are following suit.
“Now Amazon are opening their own bookstores,” Mr Steedman says.
“I find it rather disgraceful that an online business that can’t make money, puts everyone out of business and then opens its own stores.
“One of the problems has been Amazon cutting prices and forcing book stores to close for years. Amazon still hasn’t made a profit.”
But Mr Steedman says he won’t be selling e-readers anytime soon.
“To be honest, there’s no money in it,” he says.
“Electronic goods have small margins, plus you have issues with faulty readers and people not knowing how to use them. That’s not what we do.Date: March 13, 1960
Location: Lower Battery
Easting: 372850
Northing: 5269500
Latitude: 47° 34' 00" N
Longitude: 52° 41' 00" W
Fatalities: 0
Injuries: 0
Source: Daily News, Wednesday Mar 17, 1960
An avalanche in the Lower Battery forced Cyril Garland and family to leave their home after their home was hit. A photograph in Daily News shows only the side of the house was not buried by snow. Area residents left the Battery in anticipation of a larger avalanche but returned to their homes several days later after the threat had passed.When: Thu., April 20, 8-9:30 p.m. 2017
Every Thursday The Setup presents San Francisco's only weekly storytelling show with stories from bestselling authors and Emmy-Award winning writers.
Thursday, April 20, and every Thursday, 8pm
Price: 10.
★★★★★★★★★★
222 Hyde St, San Francisco, CA 94102 (San Francisco)
Select a star to rate.
Anonymous and pseudonymous comments will be removed.
© 2018 East Bay Express
ReviewsOpiniones recientes
- Todas las opiniones
- Positivas
- Neutrales
- Negativas
Encontrar opiniones que mencionen:
tub was some nasty
old motel
kill roaches
pillows were very flat
duct tape
staff is rude
roach traps
covered with duct
wall and fixtures
bad lighting
scary neighborhood
bathroom fan was too loud
rude desk clerk
room smelled
pretty run
hour for early check
syed
cheap lodging
faucets hard
rags an towels
pvc pipe
instead of fittedThis General Notice of Death is used to generate a letter to announce a person's death, and ask that the recipient adjust their records accordingly.
If you have not registered yet, please register with The Law Office of Jacob T. Arthur
If you have already created your account with The Law Office of Jacob T. Arthur, please log in here.Description
Bring along some food, a picnic blanket and sit on the lawn listening to beautiful English music by Elgar, Delius, Vaughan-Williams, Holst, Lennon/McCartney and many others (there is cover in case of rain).
FAQs
Are there ID or minimum age requirements to enter the event?
No
What are my transport/parking options for getting to and from the event?
There is no parking on site. Nearby carparks can be found at St James' Boulevard. Buses 1,10,11,38 serve the area. The nearest Metro is Central Station
What can I bring into the event?
Please feel free to bring a picnic. Due to licensing restrictions, no alcohol may be brought onto the site. However, a fully licensed bar will be available for the duration of the event.
How can I contact the organiser with any questions?
You can email us at hello@friendsofsummerhill.org.uk or ring 07956 675 637.
Do I have to bring my printed ticket to the event?
No, it is not necessary to bring a printed ticket, though it is helpful if you could bring your ticket reference number.
Can I update my registration information?
You can.
Is my registration fee or ticket transferrable?
Yes, it's fine to transfer your ticket, but please ensure the name matches the ticket reservation.
Is it ok if the name on my ticket or registration doesn't match the person who attends?
Yes, but please notify us using the contact details above.My Bloody Valentine 3-D (Blu-Ray)
Release Date: 08 June.40: 101 minutes
Production Year: 2008
Main Language: English
For more information and our Delivery Policy see here.
For more information and our Returns Policy see here.
Catalogue No: LGB94140An adult travelling with small children needs to be around eighteen several years of age. For ticket bookings of a lot more than nine passengers, make sure you Get in touch with your local reservations office
Acquire to the seas over a Filipino outrigger boat that could just take you island hopping to your white-sand beach of Pandanon and marine sanctuaries Nalusuan and Gilutungan for snorkelling and fish-feeding.
Very best fares on flights observed by Other people in the final 48 hrs. (Please Observe that some fares may only implement when there are several travellers.)
Very low priced flights are mostly offered by buying concerning one particular and three months beforehand. Worldwide or holiday break flights may possibly need to be ordered even more upfront. The chart under shows The most affordable flight costs by thirty day period for Taipei to Cebu flights.
At Cathay Pacific, we use our know-how to offer you authentic journey activities. Our industry experts have put with each other inspirational guides that can assist you make your mind up where to get your following desire holiday break. Inspire me
Be described as a part of our loyalty programme and revel in A selection of privileges and benefits to our most Regular flyers. See total account Added benefits.
Several Experienced levels can be found just for graduate entry. These degrees check here are in a masters degree in accordance with the Australian Qualification Framework,[51] but are named "masters" or "doctorate" next the apply in North The us. The Specialist levels are:
The residential colleges aim to provide accommodation and holistic schooling practical experience to university pupils.[27]
A 2005 heads of agreement more than the merger of the VCA as well as College mentioned which the administration of educational packages with the VCA would be Wales語言學校 sure that "the VCA carries on to exercising large levels of autonomy above the conduct and long term improvement read more of its academic programs so as to be certain their check here integrity and high-quality" in addition to that the faculty's identification more info is going to be preserved.
Sawtell, 10 km south alongside Hogbin Generate from the town is becoming a satellite suburb of Coffs Harbour, with it progressively often called becoming Portion of the town as opposed to its very own entity like a town.
The motto, Postera crescam laude ("Later I shall improve by praise" or, more freely, "We shall expand during the esteem of long term generations"), is published on a scroll beneath the shield. The Latin is from the line in Horace's Odes: Moi postera crescam laude recens.
An Grownup travelling with little ones need to be in excess of 18 years of age. For ticket bookings of much more than 9 passengers, you should Speak to your local reservations office
Every single baby passenger must be accompanied by an adult. To find out more on bookings with little ones, be sure to contact your local reservations Business office or watch our rules for youngsters travelling.
Tooltip about travelling with youngsters. Push enter to expand. A baby visitor is assessed as being 17 a long time outdated or underneath. All small children should be accompanied by an adult guest. A utmost of four adults and 3 kids could remain in just one room.
taipie Things To Know Before You BuyProper Bench Form involve some pictures that related one another. Find out the newest pictures of Proper Bench Form here, and also you can find the picture here simply. Proper Bench Form picture put up ang submitted by Admin that saved in our collection.
Proper Bench Form have a graphic from the other.
Proper Bench Form It also will feature a picture of a sort that could be seen in the gallery of Proper Bench Form. The collection that consisting of chosen picture and the best amongst others.
These are so many great picture list that could become your enthusiasm and informational purpose ofProper Bench FormProper Bench Form picture. We provide image Proper Bench Form Proper Bench Form exterior home, to have the ability to see immediately, you can use the category navigation or maybe it is using a random post of Proper Bench Form.
We hope you enjoy and discover one in our best collection of pictures and get encouraged to enhance your residence.
If the hyperlink is busted or the image not entirely onProper Bench Formyou can call us to get pictures that look for We provide imageProper Bench :
kitchen cabinet handles cheap
nh kitchen cabinets
kitchen cabinet frames only
lowes kitchen cabinets review
kitchen open cabinets
dark espresso kitchen cabinets
antique kitchen cabinet knobs
kitchen cabinet photos gallery
pictures of kitchens with black cabinets
kitchen cabinets options
adding trim to kitchen cabinets
cost of custom kitchen cabinets
kitchen cabinet blog
kitchen cabinet shutters
kitchen cabinets doors only
replace kitchen cabinet doors with glass
kitchen cabinet door catches
cherry cabinets in kitchen
kitchen corner wall cabinet
kitchen cabinets toledo ohio
kitchen cabinets in gray
kitchen cabinets paint
bertch kitchen cabinets
sunco kitchen cabinets
kitchen cabinet showroom
kitchen cabinets you assemble yourself
pull out kitchen cabinet drawers
no cabinet kitchen
refinishing kitchen cabinets
kitchen cabinet crown molding ideasHuman.”
So what does this look like? In recent decades, NASA has been tracking the major transformations we’ve wrought via satellite. In its “Images of Change” series, the agency has posted a number of before-and-after images showing the exact same rainforest or glacier or city years or decades apart. The differences are often breathtaking. Here are 14 of the most revealing changes:
1) Rainforests get swallowed by farms in Brazil
.
Rondônia has lost An area of forest the size of West Virginia
The image above shows the state of Rondônia in western Brazil, one of the most deforested parts of the Amazon. In 1978, 2 percent of the state’s rainforest had been cleared. By 2008, that was up to 34 percent — an area the size of West Virginia. You can see a more detailed progression in these images: new roads protrude into the forests like fishbones, with nearby trees vanishing soon after. The newly cleared land can only sustain crops for a few years until heavy rains erode the soil, at which point it’s turned over for cattle. Then repeat.
Deforestation has all sorts of troubling side effects, from shrinking habitats for forest species to increased global warming via a reduction in carbon-dioxide-absorbing trees. Brazil has tried to protect its rainforests in the last decade, but pressure to clear away trees has risen again since 2013.
2) Cancún expands at a stunning rate
Cancún, Mexico, seen in 1979 and 2009. (NASA, Images of Change)
Cities and towns have been around for thousands of years, but the growth of urbanization has been astonishing over the past century. More than 3.9 billion people and counting now live in urban areas.
The images above show the rapid growth of Cancún, Mexico. In the 1970s, this area was lightly inhabited, home to artisanal fishermen and empty beaches. But the government pushed to turn the area into a tourist hotspot, and today it’s home to 722,000 people. That’s been a huge economic boon, though it’s also meant a loss of biodiversity and polluted water. The fact that more people now live on Mexico’s coast also increases their vulnerability to hurricanes — one reason why the cost of natural disasters keeps rising worldwide.
3) Dubai builds a chain of artificial islands.
To promote beach tourism, the city built hundreds of artificial islands along the coast using sand dredged from the seashore. Rocky barriers were put in place to protect them from erosion. The two most famous islands are shaped like palm trees. As the images above show, the growth of Dubai on land has been no less dramatic, with barren desert replaced by irrigated land and roads.
4) The oil-sands boom in Alberta, Canada
Open pit mines near Fort McMurray in Alberta, Canada, seen in 2000 and 2007. (NASA, Images of Change)
In the 2000s, global demand for oil kept surging, but conventional wells weren’t keeping up. So companies cast an eye on the vast oil sands buried beneath the boreal forests in Alberta, Canada. These sands contain bitumen, a gooey petroleum that can be extracted for fuel.
Companies are supposed to restore the land after mining
The images above show the growth of oil sands mining near the Athabasca River during the 2000s. Once the sand is mined, it’s rinsed with hot water to separate out the bitumen. The sand and water are then dumped in tailings ponds, which can be seen as smooth tan squares in the images.
These mines have had a profound impact on the landscape around them. Forests have to be cleared to make way for the mines — more than 256 square miles as of 2011. The tailings ponds themselves can be toxic to birds. As such, Canada’s regulators have required companies to restore the land after they finish mining. Another NASA satellite photo here shows a reclaimed area after a pond was drained and planted over, though the grasses have not yet grown.
Meanwhile, because it takes so much energy to extract oil from the sands, this type of fuel is worse for global warming than regular crude oil. That’s a big reason the Keystone XL pipeline, which would help bring Alberta’s oil to market, has been so controversial in the United States.
5) Ukraine’s landscape recovers after Chernobyl
Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant, seen in 1986 and 2011. (NASA, Images of Change)
Human activity doesn’t always expand relentlessly. Occasionally, nature reclaims the land. The images above show the evolution of the area around the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant after a reactor explosion in 1986.
On the left, you see the area in 1986, just before the accident. There are cultivated fields (in light colors), small towns (in blue and purple), and old forests (dark green). Then, on April 26, radiation began leaking out of Chernobyl’s reactor number four and people fled the area.
As of 2011, things look very different. The abandoned towns are decaying. The farms have now reverted to grasslands (bright green). The forests were bulldozed by the government and replanted (younger trees are seen as lighter green). Intriguingly, plant and animal populations have actually grown within the exclusion zone since the accident. Animals are still adversely affected by the radiation, but they are also thriving in the absence of humans.
6) A man-made fire rages in Namibia
Etosha National Park in Namibia. The white area is the Etosha Pan, a salt-encrusted lake bottom. The dark brown area shows where a fire burned in June 2012. (NASA, World of Change)
For much of the 20th century, as human settlements expanded, we thought we knew how to deal with large-scale wildfires: prevent them at all cost. The US Forest Service adopted this strategy in the forests of the American West. And Namibia’s forest managers used this strategy in Etosha National Park, which opened in 1907 and serves a key reserve for rhinos, elephants, and lions.
This turned out to be a bad idea. Wildfires were a crucial part of the ecosystem. Before humans came along, Namibia’s savannahs would burn about once per decade. When park managers suppressed these periodic wildfires, that only led to really massive fires later, as vegetation built up.
So now, in Namibia, the park managers periodically try to set smaller fires themselves. Occasionally, though, these fires can get out of hand, as happened in June 2012, shown by the satellite image above. On June 9 and 10, winds picked up and the fire rapidly spread west. Fortunately, no animals were harmed — in contrast to an out-of-control fire in 2011 that killed 30 rhinos.
7) Efforts to tame the Colorado River hit a snag.
But we can’t entirely control nature. The images above show Lake Powell, a reservoir on the border of Arizona and Utah that was created after the construction of the Glen Canyon Dam. Back in 1999, the lake was filled high, with plenty of water for nearby counties. But in the early 2000s, a brutal drought arrived and water levels began dropping. As of May 2014, the lake was only at 42 percent capacity.
The communities around the region have tried to adapt through efficiency and conservation. Still, some experts have argued that the Southwest is unprepared for future droughts — which are expected to become more frequent with global warming. That will raise the risk of shortages in reservoirs like Lake Powell.
8) The Aral Sea, once massive, nearly vanishes
The Aral Sea, seen in 2000 and 2014. (NASA, Images of Change)
The Aral Sea, tucked between Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan, was once the fourth-largest lake in the world. Today, after decades of being drained for irrigation, it’s nearly gone.
What happened? In the 1960s, the Soviet Union diverted the Syr Darya and Amu Darya rivers that fed the lake — via a network of dams and canals — for use in cotton fields and other agriculture. The surrounding desert bloomed for a period, but it eventually led to disaster.
Here’s NASA:  eradicated, leaving entire communities unemployed.
9) Alaska’s Columbia Glacier recedes rapidly around the world.
The images above show the Columbia Glacier in Alaska, which flows directly into the sea. The glacier had stayed more or less fixed in place between its discovery in 1794 and 1980, but then suddenly began shrinking. Between 1986 and 2014, its nose had retreated 12 miles north, making it one of the fastest-receding glaciers in the world.
NASA’s Earth Observatory explains that the retreat of Columbia Glacier is only partly a result of warmer air and water temperatures: “Climate change may have given the Columbia an initial nudge off of the moraine, but what has accelerated its disintegration has more to do with mechanical processes than warming temperatures.” Global warming is having a similar impact elsewhere: all told, the world’s glaciers are now losing 226 gigatons of ice per year.
10) Antarctica’s Larsen B ice shelf disintegrates.
Scientists witnessed a dramatic example of this in 2002, when the Larsen B ice shelf in Antarctica — an area of 1,250 square miles — simply disintegrated into the ocean in the span of a month. The collapse was precipitated by a series of unusually warm summers, which created melt ponds during the warmer months that acted as wedges, hastening the shelf’s disintegration.
By itself, the collapse of an ice shelf won’t raise global sea levels, since ice shelves are already floating in the sea. But those shelves do help contain the massive ice sheets on the land behind them, so when a shelf disintegrates, all that ice can flow to the sea more quickly. And that helps raise sea levels.
You can see that flow of land ice in these images after the collapse of Larsen B. And here’s troubling news: Scientists have found that a number of Antarctica’s other ice shelves are also rapidly thinning.
11) The US cleans up its air pollution.
Nitrogen dioxide is produced when gasoline gets burned in cars or coal gets burned in power plants. It’s been linked to a variety of respiratory problems, and can combine with other pollutants to form smog. It’s also a good proxy for pollution more generally.
The EPA first began cracking down on nitrogen dioxide in 1971, and concentrations have fallen sharply over time. Power plant operators have installed scrubbers to remove pollutants from their smokestacks, and car manufacturers have adopted catalytic converters to curtail nitrogen oxides and other emissions. More recently, since 2005, many electric utilities have been switching from coal to natural gas in order to generate electricity.
12) Iraq’s marshes recover after Saddam Hussein.
But as the images above show, things changed significantly after the Second Gulf War. After the fall of Saddam Hussein, Iraqis tore down many of the canals that had drained the marshes. The wetlands were once again fed by the rivers in the spring, and vegetation had returned by 2006 — shown in dark green on the right-hand side. The UN found that the marshes were back up to around 58 percent of their historic levels, and native birds and fish were rebounding.
But it’s not clear if the wetlands will survive in the future. NASA explains that new dams were being built upstream as of 2010. The fate of nature is, once again, largely in our hands.
13) The ozone layer thins — but then starts healing
.
As the NASA images above show, between 1979 and 2013 these chemicalshad chewed a massive “hole” in the ozone layer above Antarctica, and the damage was poised to spread further north. Without the ozone layer’s protection, more and more people would be exposed to UV rays, and skin cancer rates in many places might have soared.
Happily, this apocalyptic scenario never came to pass. Scientists uncovered the problem in time. Under the 1987 Montreal Protocol, world leaders agreed to phase out CFCs, and eventually the hole in the ozone layer stopped expanding. In 2014, a UN assessment found that the ozone layer is just now starting to heal — and should be back to its 1980 levels by 2050 or so.
14) Solar farms sprout up in California
The Topaz Solar Farm in California, seen in 2011 and 2015. (NASA, World of Change)
The next big environmental challenge is global warming, which will likely prove much harder to stop than the hole in the ozone layer. It will entail revamping our entire energy system, switching away from fossil fuels like coal, oil, and natural gas and seeking out cleaner sources.
Some places are already taking steps along those lines. The image above shows the growth of the Topaz Solar Farm in central California, a 550-megawatt plant consisting of 9 million panels across 9.5 square miles. It’s a modest step in shifting the state toward cleaner energy.
Even so, some environmentalists have opposed the project, arguing that solar farms need a lot of land and fences, hindering the movement of the federally protected San Joaquin kit fox. It’s a reminder that even efforts to reduce our environmental footprint in one area can lead to unexpected impacts elsewhere.
Source:I love photography
gas turbine exhaust with a sunset background electricity exhaust first eyeem photo Fuel fuel and power generation generation generations generator golden hour Hanging out Heavy Industrial light and shadow load Maximum Closeness metal no people offshore platform offshore work oil and gas outdoors Plant seascape sync turbineRECENT COMMENTS
UPDATE: Studio Row Apartments
Th 200+ apartment project at Fulton Hill Studios first reported back in February is still in the works.
From the most recent issue of the GFHCA’s Fall 2015 newsletter:
This project, once complete, will provide 242 workforce apartments, creative office space, a cafe, and a gallery. Phase I will consist of building two apartment buildings, while Phase II involves the second renovation of the historic Robert Fulton School.
Studio Row will improve the physical infrastructure of Greater Fulton by paving the Northampton paper street (as an extension of Northampton St.), providing street and building lighting, improving pedestrian infrastructure, and planting beautiful landscaping. Studio Row will provide the only market-rate rental units in the community.
The project will be a mix of.
— ∮∮∮ —
I kind of feel sorry for the folks who live on Goddin with this new development squashed up in there. Prime example of a developer milking every penny out of a piece of property.
The only way we in the Greater Fulton community will get the services and businesses that we need is to attract more people who want to live here. That determination was made during the Greater Fulton’s Future planning get initiative that the community conducted with the guidance of Virginia LISC several years ago.
We would like a grocery store, a school, sidewalks, connections to the river, health care, better transit, a café and some better restaurant options.
With the exception of schools, those community amenities and essential services are not provided by the government. They are made through private investment by businesses who see value in the community. Residents who live here see value in this community. Others are finally seeing value in this community, too.
We are a proud community that has been working hard together for years to get the services and amenities that we need and want. These apartments will improve safety and connectivity by opening a long-closed street, improving lighting and landscaping and increasing the eyes on the street.
They will also provide a needed housing option here: non-subsidized rental apartments. People who wish to live here but who cannot or do not wish to buy or rent a single family house or who do not qualify for subsidized housing will have an option to live here in this vibrant neighborhood.
As a resident of Greater Fulton, I believe that this development will improve the quality of life in our community.
Well stated, Juliellen!
As far as “squashed up in there” that’s regulated by zoning rules and the building codes in terms of green/open space, density and proximity to property lines.
I wonder why building 2 is on a slant like that? I think it’d be much more appealing to conform to a more traditional street grid/lay out.
The existing road slants down the hill there like that.
@Juliellen
What an awesome response. Would love to see more members of our greater community with your outlook. Hope you are on a community board, and if you’re not, you should be
Thanks, John
any idea on a start date or where it is in the approval process?
(nevermind, found the newsletter)
New project hopes to catalyze Fulton revivalMr Pasquale Giordano has been a consultant surgeon at Whipps Cross University Hospital since 2004, later being appointed clinical lead for the Colorectal Department of the Barts Health NHS Trust in 2012..
Universita di Napoli State Exam 1990
General surgery From 14 Dec 1999 family business, Bailey Brothers’ Building and Loan, seems ready to close it’s doors. This will give the towns richest man, Henry Potter just what he wants, no competition in his efforts to get a tighter grasp on the town of Bedford Falls.
!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Spring Training for the next Baseball season is about to start and one of the all time great sports movies is Field of Dreams (1989) – James Earl Jones, as Terence Mann delivers the monologue that speaks to the very heart of the film.
Ray..
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Now the movie that in my humble opinion should have won the Best Picture Oscar at the 71st Academy Awards is 1998’s Saving Private Ryan. Following the battle at Omaha Beach during WWII, Tom Hanks is terrific as Captain Miller, in charge of a squad sent to find Private James Ryan.
.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Easily my favorite Romantic Comedy is When Harry Met Sally (1989). The insights into male/female relationships continue to ring true and are delivered with such comic delight. Here Harry, played so wonderfully by Billy Crystal is again telling Sally (Meg Ryan) why men and women can’t just be friends.
>>IMAGE.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
I’ve read a couple of Shakespeare plays. And I’ve seen a few movies, all directed by and starring staring Kenneth Branagh. The language is often hard for me to process but it’s still such an amazing experience to follow his characters and stories and the insight Shakespeare presents.
One of the great high points in all of them is the St. Crispin’s Day speech in Henry V (1989). There is a feeling of awe at the inspiring emotional impact this speech carries.
neighbors and say: ‘To-morrow is Saint Crispin’s’. Then will he strip his sleeve and show his scars, and say: ‘These.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Robert Duvall is one the actors I most admire. Anything and everything he’s done is pure film magic. But you might be surprised at my choice of monologues he has given among his many great performances.
This is from Secondhand Lions (2003), a wonderful film where he plays crusty old Uncle Hub to the teenage Walter (Haley Joel Osment). It maybe a bit silly and sentimental, but when Duvall delivers it, I accept it as plain, old fashioned wisdom.
a bonus, in the same film, Duvall’s character shows a few young hoodlums a thing or two when they challenge him, not realizing what they are up against.
(Grabbing the Hood!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Lastly but probably one of the most amazing speeches in all of film. Providing the motivation for Robert Shaw’s ‘driven’ Shark Hunter Quint in the 1975 movie, Jaws, the speech is one of the great moments in film..
(pause)
Anyway… we delivered the bomb.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Reblogged this on Out of Me Head.By Karl Plume CHICAGO, Sept 1 (Reuters) - Chicago Mercantile Exchange live cattle futures were mostly higher on Friday, lifted by end-of-week short covering following a decline to nine-month lows a day earlier, traders said. Futures, however, remain anchored by plentiful supplies of market-ready cattle and weak cash markets as fed cattle in the U.S. Plains this week traded about $1 to $2 per cwt lower than a week ago at around $105 per cwt. "It still looks like we have a few weeks of pressure left in front of us in September with rising cattle numbers seasonally," said Rich Nelson, chief strategist with Allendale Inc. "Next week we will have a push of higher (cattle) numbers available for packers to buy. I think this market is bracing for this next round of lower prices," he said. The most-active CME October live cattle contract was the only lower contract, settling down 0.250 cent at 105.150 cents per pound. Deferred contracts were 0.300 to 0.775 cent higher. Feeder cattle futures also edged up, following gains in live cattle and as corn futures resumed a recent decline that could lower costs for fattening cattle. Most-active CME October feeders closed 0.250 cent higher at 143.550 cents per pound while November ended up 0.275 cent at 143.950 cents. Lean hog futures settled mostly higher, underpinned by expectations for a seasonal increase in packer demand as they fill orders this month for National Pork Month features in October. Front-month October hog futures finished 0.050 cent higher at 61.450 cents per pound and December hogs up 0.025 cent to 58.050 cents. Markets will be closed on Monday for the U.S. Labor Day holiday. (Reporting by Karl Plume; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)Novelty Hill Januik Winery provided this new Mr. and Mrs. the perfect place to host their perfect fall fête. Just perfect. And when such a gorgeous venue is taken to the next level with the gorgeous floral design of Mum Floral Design - it all makes for a to die for affair. Angela & Evan Photography captured every moment so we could spend the afternoon getting inspired by all the pretty, and you can see it all in the full gallery of images!
From the Bride... John and I met at a friend's wedding in September 2007, where John was a groomsman. He was so adorable in his tux that I could not resist asking him to dance. Nearly four years later, John proposed on the balcony of the Empress Hotel in Victoria, B.C, and of course, I said “yes.” On one of our early dates John and I went wine tasting in Woodinville, Washington, and happened to witness the arrival of a wedding party at Novelty Hill Januik Winery. John remembers saying, “Maybe one day we’ll get married here.” To which I, trying not to tip my hand too early, replied, “No way.” But when the time came to pick a venue, Novelty Hill Januik was the perfect location. Not only was it in Woodinville, where John grew up, and just a few miles from Seattle where I grew up, but it reminded us of all the fun times we had already shared ... oh, and the wine is really tasty! With the indispensable help of Novelty Hill’s wedding coordinator Emily Pollock, we set about organizing a ceremony and reception that was laid-back but highlighted the modern beauty and intimacy of the winery. The winery’s modern but warm feel were the inspiration for the day. All of the stationery was ordered through Costco and then embellished by me and my mom. We wrapped the raised print pocket fold invitations with a belly band of yellow and gold paper and then tied them with blue satin ribbon. We really wanted our guests to feel like they were opening a present when the invitation arrived.
I had always dreamed of a fall wedding, and Novelty Hill’s garden area, lined with trees and leaves changing color, really made the day feel like fall. All I had to say to Meghan Stoller of Mum Floral Design was ”I love succulents,” and Meghan went about creating some of the most beautiful bouquets and arrangements I have ever seen. She was even able to incorporate a handkerchief, given to John at his birth, and my grandmother’s rosary into the handle of the my bouquet. To top off her attention to detail, Meghan located the paper my mom and I had used on the invitations and wrapped it around the boxes the flower girls carried down the aisle. The ceremony was performed by Judge Tabor, one of my former bosses and mentor. His ceremony brought everyone to tears — several times. Having someone so dear perform the ceremony, while being surrounded by our friends and family, really made the day special and focused on our expression of love and commitment to each other.
After the ceremony, guests enjoyed a wine and tray-passed hors d'oeuvres period before the dinner buffet was opened, where they were served a delicious meal of locally-sourced vegetables, salmon, and beef tenderloin. For a late night snack, the kitchen re-opened and guests were served wood-fired pizzas. We wanted our guests to spread out and mingle, so we decided to forgo place cards and instead decided to use a mix of small, large and tall tables. We used the mantel above the open fireplace to display photographs of our family members who could not join us. And instead of a guest book, we asked our guests to sign their names to a wedding tree, which we plan to hang in our entry way. John is a huge Star Wars fan. During the planning process he would frequently ask, “When do we get the Leia and Han cake toppers?” So I knew he would be floored when he saw the Millennium Falcon groom's cake I ordered. Mike’s Amazing Cake’s did not disappoint. Not only was the Millennium Falcon’s detail spot on (reportedly the only cake to make the Kessel Run in under 12 parsecs), the chocolate with salted caramel filled cake was delicious. Angela and Evan, married photographers, captured every detail and moment of the day to perfection. People danced until the very end of the night, and when we finally left the reception, we knew that this had been our perfect day.
Wedding Photography: Angela & Evan Photography / Wedding Venue + Catering: Novelty Hill Januik Winery in Woodinville, Washington / Day of Wedding Coordination: Emily Pollock of Novelty Hill Januik Winery / Floral Design: Meghan Stoller of Mum Floral Design / Officiant: Judge Gary Tabor / Marriage Certificate Calligraphy: Pascale Collins (pascalligraphy@gmail.com) / Wedding Invitations: DIY by the Bride & Her Mother via Costco / Wedding Cake: New Renaissance Cakes / Groom's Cake: Mike’s Amazing Cakes / Entertainment: DJ DK of Pro DJs / Guest Book: Absinthe Custom Print / Cafe Lights: Blue Danube Productions / Chair Rentals: AA Party Rentals / Transportation: The Westin Bellvue / Umbrella Rentals: Bella Umbrella / Wedding Dress: Vera Wang via Marcella’s La Boutique / Bride’s Shoes: Christian Louboutin / Bride’s Pearls: Mikimoto / Bride's Wedding Band: Guy Mamiya Custom Jewelers / Bridesmaids’ Dresses: J.Crew / Hair + Makeup: Gene Juarez / Bridesmaids' + Flower Girl Belts: DIY by the Bride / Bridesmaids' Gifts: Tiffany & Co. / Men’s Tuxedos: Men’s Wearhouse / Groom's Wedding Band: Ben Bridge / Rehearsal Dinner: Willows Run Golf CourseTulip Table Wood
Lovely Tulip Table Wood Rove Classics
Not necessarily most people are lucky to enjoy a house which includes a nice pattern, should you be one, subsequently this approach Tulip Table Wood snapshot stock will help uou. Tulip Table Wood photo stock will allow you by providing a great deal of impressive illustrations or photos to help you to end up persistent to help beautify your home. One can find many things that you get created by Tulip Table Wood image collection, just about the most important is a fantastic property model idea. Tulip Table Wood pic gallery providing stunning types, and this can be one edge you can aquire. Studying this Tulip Table Wood image stock is usually the initial step you may decide on create your wish house. The incredible highlights this Tulip Table Wood photograph collection displays will be things that you may undertake. If you happen to already have your type to make a residence, next Tulip Table Wood pic collection will improve your own know-how. Also you can actually intermix your ideas together with the creative ideas coming from Tulip Table Wood pic stock designed to build a completely unique view.
Attractive Tulip Table Wood Rove Classics
Tulip Table Wood graphic stock a great method to obtain idea with beautiful your home patterns, thus you do not need you ought to hire a pro home stylish. You can be a developer of your abode just by reviewing Tulip Table Wood picture collection cautiously. Tulip Table Wood photo collection can be immensely important for anybody exactly who are searching for home pattern references. You may get this HIGH DEFINITION graphics with Tulip Table Wood pic stock if you wish the photos being your own personal arranged. You need to investigate Tulip Table Wood graphic stock even more to obtain additional useful recommendations. Definitely it could be vanity when you can fully grasp the household using a terrific model since Tulip Table Wood graphic stock shows, right?.
Attractive Tulip Table Wood Saarinen Dining Table Wood Options
Superb Tulip Table Wood Overview ...
Tulip Table Wood Photos Collection
Similar Images of Tulip Table
Specialty Furniture
September 6, 2017
Coffee Table White
September 1, 2017
Recessed Kitchen Ceiling
September 6, 2017
Arts And Crafts Table Lamp
September 6, 2017
Unique Bathrooms
September 13, 2017
Kitchenaid Kitchen Appliances
August 28, 2017
Local Bathroom Remodelers
September 3, 2017
Kitchen Implements
August 28, 2017
Copper Backsplash Kitchen
August 28, 2017
Furniture In Tucson
September 10, 2017
Picnic Table Cover
September 9, 2017
Colorful Accent Chair
August 31, 2017
Coffee Table Pottery Barn
September 1, 2017
Memoirs Stately Sink
September 8, 2017
Furniture Stores Hilton Head Sc
September 1, 2017
Teen Lounge Chairs
August 29, 2017
Best Rated Furniture
September 7, 2017
60 Inch Square Coffee Table
September 13, 2017
Luggage Coffee Table
August 30, 2017
Illuminated Shower Head
September 8, 2017
Samsfurniture.com
September 10, 2017
Slip Cover Arm Chair
September 8, 2017
Kitchen Cord
September 1, 2017
Poker Chair
September 12, 2017
Zara Chair
September 8, 2017News
Professionals
Senior Counsel
Practices
Best Lawyers Names John P. Amershadian 2010 Buffalo Banking Lawyer of the Year
December 21, 2010
Best Lawyers in America, a peer-review publication about the legal profession, has named John P. Amershadian, a partner and leader of Hodgson Russ’s Real Estate & Finance Practice Group, Best Lawyers’ 2010 Buffalo Banking Lawyer of the Year.
Best Lawyers designates Lawyers of the Year to honor attorneys practicing in high-profile legal areas in large communities. Only one attorney in each area of practice within each community is named Lawyer of the Year.Droppin’ Knowledge
A message from Lady Gaga do Don’t Ask Don’t Tell and defeat ALL amendments to strike the repeal.
–It is critical that the vote on “final passage” takes place before senators leave for the election recess.
Call your senators now.
Here’s the phone number to the Capitol switchboard – they’re staffed 24 hours a day: (202) 224-3121.
SLDN.org/gaga
I called my senator,
and you should too.
Equality for all.Return to Top
Travel
Traveler and Manager Information
Travel Forms and Tips
- Student Travel Forms
- Foreign Travel Form - Complete this form and route through the President's Office. Also, complete the Travel Request in Concur/eTravel.
- Travel Card Application
- Mobile Apps
- Mileage vs. Airfare Justification (used when driving out of state)
- Point to Point Travel Request
- Hotel Tax Exempt Form
- Individual Concur Information Sheet (see instructions)
- Instructions for entering Individual's in Concur
- Travel Expense Checklist
- Motor Vehicle Rental Tax Exemption Form
Meals and Lodging
- Meal and lodging rates: differ depending on whether the travel is in-state or out-of-state. State travel expense reimbursement is not a per diem. An employee must claim the actual expenses incurred for meals and lodging not to exceed the maximum allowable rates. The maximum should not be claimed unless the actual expenditures equal or exceed the maximum allowable rate. The reimbursement limit applies without a carry-over from another day.Texas Administrative Code, Title 34, Part 1, Chapter 5, Subchapter C, Section 5.22.
Accounts Payable
- Accounts Payable Direct Deposit Authorization Form and Instructions
- Texas Sales and Use Tax Exemption Certification Form
-
- Instructions: Foreign National Guest Speakers
- W-8 Ben Form
- W-8 Ben Instructions
- Object Code Website- The Tottenham Hotspur soccer club in England posted this video of Finn Balor battling midfielder Mousa Dembele in a joke battle.
- WWE has a new poll asking fans if John Cena will win his record 17th world title in 2018. As of this writing, 72% voted yes.
- As noted, Rolling Stone magazine recently named The Miz as their WWE Wrestler of 2017. The Miz tweeted the following on the honor and took a friendly jab at WWE Intercontinental Champion Roman Reigns. Miz recently wrapped filming of WWE Studios' The Marine 6 and visited troops in the Middle East for the annual USO Holiday Tour but he should be back on RAW next week or the following week. He tweeted:
U dont become wrestler of the year by wearing ur own merch shirt or tactical vests. U become WOTY by day after day overdelivering on everything you do. When I come back, RAW will be MY show AGAIN! IC is MINE— The Miz (@mikethemiz) December 28, 2017
Thx @rollingstone for this honor. Sorry Roman, maybe nxt year Big Dog pic.twitter.com/brMmQhHJ1PWe offer a wide variety of custom UL listed PDU whips with straight blade 20 Amp receptacles for use in air conditioned data center floors. We use premium components like Hubbell receptacles, Anaconda Seal-Tite LFMC, with Crouse Hinds hardware. Customizable options include wire gauge and conduit upgrades, 10 different conduit colors, mounting options, custom labeling, custom box colors and angled connectors. Our 20A whips usually ship within 48 hours. Contact us for larger quantities or to request a quote.
Click below to order or call 1-800-590-8610 - Email: sales@pduwhips.com
20A Receptacle PDU WhipsSamanyan Lakshminarayanan
A Sandalwood Tree - Poem by Samanyan Lakshminarayanan
amidst
Read this poem in other languages
This poem has not been translated into any other language yet.
I would like to translate this poem »
Poem Submitted: Saturday, February 13, 2010
Poem Edited: Wednesday, April creations are like that: born to live even after death; born to give pleasures at one’s own cost! Best wishes. (Report) Reply
Some are born for the pleasure of others. Sandalwood is one such earthly creation born to die and give pleasure to others even after its death. (Report) Reply
'it's life lingers
in it's smell...even this poem....nice choice of theme....thank you (Report) Reply
your theme is nice...sandal tree is a perpetual goodness-giver...well expressed (Report) Reply
So nicely you've expressed your feelings.Yeah even after death, it's life lingers in it's smell.that's true.You've displayed how valuable precious sandlewood tree for us.Great work... (Report) ReplyNon-polyolefin heat shrink products are made
from base materials such as Viton®, Polyvinylidene Fluoride
(PVDF), and Neoprene to provide improved properties for:
• fluid resistance
• high temperatures
• abrasion resistance
For example, DERAY® KY 175 is a PVDF heat shrink with a
2:1 shrink ratio with a maximum operating temperature of 175°C.
Combined with its exceptional fluid and abrasion resistance,
it is a good choice for high temperature automotive components.
Heat Shrink Cable Sleeves
Dual wall heat shrink tubing designed to absorb electromagnetic interference (EMI) West
- Terra Perma Design: Charles runs Perth’s northern suburbs focused Permaculture education and training business. Running full time Permaculture Design Courses, community garden and council workshops and private simple living workshops.
- Freo Permies: Fremantle Permaculture local group team up to provide unique people and community centric permaculture education, and workshops.
-.
- Edge5 Permaculture: Design, consultation, water harvesting, erosion control and Permaculture education.
- Candle Light Farm Permaculture: Ross Mars offers design and consultation and runs Accredited Permaculture Training (APT) courses, WA’s only Cert3 and Cert4 and Diploma option.
Permaculture Garden Services and Implementation
- Slice of Eden – Damien Mer: No website, contact 9409 9899, located at 384 Wanneroo Rd, Wangara.
-.
- Freecycle (Perth): No obligation network of people giving away stuff they don’t want.
- Gumtree: Re-Suppliers of everything, Perth’s best second hand sales website.The Locker Room Podcast Episode 2: Will the Cavs Lose a Game Before the NBA Finals?
On the second episode of the Locker Room Podcast, our host Peter is joined by Devon and Sam! The guys go over their favorite games from last week, then talk about the NHL and NBA playoffs. Unlike the NBA, the NHL playoffs are actually interesting this year, so the guys have a lot to discuss due to the great series going on. The guys then talk about the NBA playoffs, and whether Cavs and Warriors will lose a game before the Finals. All of this and so much more on this episode of the Locker Room Podcast!Hi to our gamers out there! We have a short announcement this month, and it is mostly centered around a feature we’re implementing in Contemporary Allied Racing. Let’s get started!
One of the features we are currently working on is a screen recording system. Users will be able to record their race sessions and laps. They can also save the recordings on their devices and send it to a video editing software. Part of our vision for the CUG Gamer Network is to have players all around the world post videos online of their awesome gameplay, and we think this screen recording system will bring us a step closer to achieving that.
However, this feature will only be available to iOS users, though we also want Android users to have this option as well. Possibly in a future update.
For this month, we also have a video taken right from C.A.R. on our Facebook page. Go over there and enjoy the video!
That’s it for this month’s update. Have an awesome summer!
Jake Bayer
Founder, President, Chief Game Engineer of Closed Umbrella GamesLevel up! mug
8.00 €
Take up your tasks with new energy and level up your professional skills!
Are you already missing the Translation and Localization Conference? Let this mug inspire you every single day, it is a must-have for a daily dose of motivation.
Outside: matt black, inside: yellow.
Volume: 300 ml.
Anna –
I’m a huge fan of tea and I particularly love drinking it from this motivational mug 🙂 it’s also very elegant and easy to clean.If you are a Vantiv eCommerce customer or partner in the greater New York City area, please plan to join us at either – or both – of these upcoming educational industry events being held on May 4 and May 19.
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Wednesday, May 4: Subscription Payment Accelerator
Vantiv is a sponsor of Subscription Insider's Subscription Payment Accelerator event being held at the Convene Conference Center in Times Square, where attendees will learn how to grow subscriber lifetime value and minimize churn – plus, hear case studies featuring presentations from executives representing Education Week, NewsMax, and LifeLock.
We have a very limited number of FREE event passes available for this one-day session (a $695-$1,395 value). Please contact Mike DePaolo (michael.depaolo@vantiv.com; 603-689-3575) of Vantiv's eCommerce partner team if you are interested in obtaining a pass.
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Thursday, May 19: Digital Identity & Commerce Tour
The second leg of the four-city 2016 Digital Identity and Commerce Tour lands in NYC on May 19, where Vantiv and four other industry-leading companies are sponsoring this full-day educational summit being held at the Eventi Hotel. Those who attend will learn about the latest trends affecting payments, fraud, taxation, content delivery, and global expansion – plus, benefit from exceptional networking opportunities.
Space is limited, so register for this FREE event today by clicking here.My friend Kortnee posted this sweet thing on her Instagram. The pic was when my old coworkers took me out to dinner!
My friend Ashlee made me cakes. One to serve at my party and one to save for my actual bday.
I had a girls night/jewelry party and it was fun to see all my friends. Sierra and courtney smith got me gifts and it was fun to snack and chat with all who came.
On my actual birthday I got cupcakes from my friend brittney (which bandit ate little stinker.) and Jess and Geoff! Mason was sick in the morning throwing up and diarrhea. Poor guy. But that's mommy life. We canceled the baby sitter and went out Monday instead. Kortnee hung out with me while Travis was at work and we got Sella's (calzones).
Monday Travis and I went to Red Bento (sushi) and last of our Christmas shopping. Then I went to Joanns and micheals all. By. Myself. Ahhh it was glorious.
Jaimie sent me a package of all the things that remind her of our friendship. And Karyn sent me Utah Hot Tamelee. My favorite. Ha ha.
I got birthday money from Chris and Jim's be my grandma Susie. And lots and lots of facebook love.
I'm so blessed. I love the people in my life so much. I'm better because of them. I look forward to being another year older and hopeful wiser.The Path Less Travelled: Growing And Keeping PMs
Attracting and maintaining the enthusiasm of good project managers appears to be a growing problem for many organizations. One has to question how serious organizations are about solving this dilemma, however, given that so few have taken concrete action in addressing it. As discussed in the last column in this series, organizations are more likely to hire externally than they are to develop skills internally. Even the simplest of retention strategies--the career path--is all too often overlooked.
Given the prevalence of project management as a discipline today, it is astonishing that only a small number of organizations have a formal career path defined for their project management staff. It’s better than a few years ago, but the simple fact is that there are still a surprisingly small number of places that actually have any clear career path for project management. Even the definition of the role of project manager is one that does not exist as a defined position in approximately half of organizations today, let alone a progression of related positions that someone can move through as they develop their skills and abilities.
If we are going to be serious about developing project management as an organizational capability, we’re also going to have to get serious about developing project managers, starting with how we attract them and continuing with how we grow
Please log in or sign up below to read the rest of the article.
ADVERTISEMENTSThis bracelet is absolutely gorgeous. And truly took less than two minutes to create!
All you need is a needle, elastic thread and beads. You can find these gorgeous beads at Wholeport. I love, love, love the teal and turquoise colour! Wholeport has many great styles and colours of beads to choose from. Oh the possibilities!
Simply thread the beads through the elastic and you have your very own two minute bracelet.
I used two strands of elastic thread for this bracelet so that I could be sure that it would support the weight of the beads.
Gorgeous hey?!
Thanks for swinging by today!
Disclosure: I was given this product to review but was not compensated in any other way. All opinions are 100% my own.Read the full story here Web Link posted Thursday, November 22, 2012, 10:00 AM
Town
on Nov 26, 2012 at 8:47 pm
Hmmm is a registered user.
Yeah, if they wiped the Taliban out, why are they a problem again? I think our chief has been to concerned about his own career & not concerned enough about crime. I'm not putting ANYTHING in the collection plate - it's enough to deal w/our jerkoff neighbors & hideous landlord. I'm tired of the same old same old w/the police patter.From the thousands of photos on the net about walmart kitchen island cart, we all picks the very best choices with best resolution exclusively for you all, and now this photos is actually one among graphics choices in your very best graphics gallery about walmart kitchen island cart with regard to The house. I am hoping you will think it’s great.
This kind of picture (Kitchen Utility Cart Walmart Kitchen Carts Quantum Storage inside Walmart Kitchen Island Cart) preceding can be labelled with:put up by simply in May, 6 2017. To see just about all graphics inside walmart kitchen island cart with regard to The house graphics gallery remember to stick to this specific url.SAFE FROM THE STORM WATER - Widening features innovative drinking-water protection
In a time when environmentally conscious construction has more relevance than ever before, the I-80 Widening at Meander Reservoir deserves special recognition for its innovative sustainable features.
One of the largest and most challenging projects in the history of the Ohio Department of Transportation (ODOT) District 4-0, the $95.3 million job improved safety and convenience for the traveling public and featured a spill-containment system design that protects drinking water for all of Mahoning and Trumbull counties.
The project took place between March 2006 and September 2009 with Anthony Allega Cement Contractor and Great Lakes Construction Co. serving as the contactors. Designed by Gannett Fleming Engineers and Architects P.C., the job entailed widening 4.5 miles worth of I-80 from S.R. 11 to the Ohio Turnpike from four to six lanes. It also widened shoulders and created longer merge lengths.
The need for spill containment arose out of concern for drinking-water quality, considering there had been tanker-truck accidents—in one instance a truck went over the side of the bridge and into the reservoir.
“They were concerned with hazardous material spills,” Paul Coblentz, P.E., Gannett Fleming Inc., told ROADS & BRIDGES. “So they worked with ODOT and requested that as one facet of the project, some type of system be designed and constructed to contain any spills. The existing bridges were flat; they have many joints and any storm water that falls on the bridges just drops down into the reservoir through scuppers and down spouts.”
The new bridges crest midway over the reservoir, allowing any material spilled from vehicles to drain into inlet pipes and roadside ditches away from the bridges. The spillage then runs into two containment basins located at low points on both ends of the bridges. Each basin has shutoff valves that prevent contaminated materials from entering the drinking water reservoir.
The pavement utilized was a 13-in. portland cement concrete. The mix was standard ODOT, and subgrade work involved 12-in.-deep cement-stabilized subgrade in selected areas. In addition, 8,800 cu yd of grout was pumped below the subgrade to fill voids in the abandoned mines under the interstate.
The most challenging aspect of the project, Coblentz said, was performing the work under heavy traffic.
“We could not shut down any of the interstate,” he said. “So the best we could do was move traffic lanes from side to side and work around them.”
The project team overcame a slew of other challenges as well.
“We had to coordinate in our office many different groups of engineers—bridge, roadway, environmental, geotechnical, traffic engineers—so there was a lot of coordination required in our office and then, likewise, coordination with ODOT and all of their roadway and bridge and environmental and traffic and right-of-way people.”
“With the community and traveling public in mind, ODOT worked with local officials and emergency responders to design this project to achieve everyone’s goals,” ODOT District Deputy Director Eric Czetli said.Ciao! I’m your friend Luigi
I always carry a squeegee
For when something frightens you
I’m there to help clean away your heebie jeebies.
You can’t always see me
But trust that I’m around helping make life easy
Just close your eyes, take a deep breath
And count to threesie.
*Note from the writer: Luigi loves eating pasta and dancing to Frank Sinatra. Should you ever need company in sharing your meal or a dance partner, call upon Luigi. He’ll be there faster than you can say “Holy Cannoli!”
♥love and light
One thought on “your friend, Luigi”
This is delightful!
LikeLiked by 1 personRail safety is everyone's concern. Whether we ride subways or high-speed trains, the possibility of someone or something on the tracks, or a possible derailment could bring trains to immediate halt if we ran a SCOUT ahead of the train.
The SCOUT is a small, light, air cushioned vehicle riding the rail before the train.
The SCOUT is equipped with sensors that would react if a person fell, jumped or was pushed from the subway platform and stop the train. The sensors would also stop the train if there was a defect in the tracks that could cause a derailment and pick up signals of oncoming traffic to help avoid a collision. The device would be powered by the third rail power source in the subways or microwave energy transmitted to drive the air compressor that would create the air cushion for the SCOUT and the fan propelling the SCOUT at a pre-set distance ahead of the train.
Very little energy would be needed to drive this - mostly aerodynamic wedge that would float above the rails on 4 cushions of air which would also be enhanced by scooping in air from the front and expelling it in the rear.
Voting
ABOUT THE ENTRANT
Name: Balint Szent MBiking and Cycling
Discover our cycling and mountain biking tracks and trails!
There's something for every cycling enthusiast in Les Rousses Resort, whether you're cycle touring or racing and your steed is of the mountain, hybrid or electric variety.
A stage in the 2010 Tour de France, Les Rousses Resort offers occasional and dedicated cyclists the best possible cycling facilities and opportunities.
Small, quiet roads and mountain biking forest trails criss-cross the unspoilt, sweeping landscapes of the Haut-Jura regional park for unforgettable rides between France and neighbouring Switzerland.
And because cycling fans have specific needs, we can offer services and accommodation perfectly suited to yourPet Sitting & Drop In Visits in Cumberland, OH
Book a pet sitter to stop by your home a few times a day to feed and play with your cat or dog.
Fenced in yard & long walks
New Concord, OH, 43762
Dog Boarding, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
I love being around animals
Zanesville , OH, 43701
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
I love being around animals
Zanesville , OH, 437.Most of my photos come from outside. Here’s a few I’ve taken over the past week while doing mundane things; cooking spaghetti, sitting on my bed reading, and generally being ‘inside’.
Imperial’s Photo Society is running a theme of ‘Reflections through the Aperture’ for its exhibition this year; I have been doing a bit of experimenting with reflections, but there’s not many shiny surfaces near where I live!
Nice shots! Good to see you’ve not burned down the place without me yet!
(And, obv. if in need of a body, I can supply one when back.)Williams Manual of Pregnancy Complications
- ISBN 13:
9780071765626
- ISBN 10:
007176562X
- Edition: 23<<
Usually Ships in 3-4 Business Days
Summary
The only pocket manual derived from Williams Obstetrics, 23e, the field's most trusted text completely updated and now in full color Williams Manual of Pregnancy Complications, 23eis a carry-anywhere, condensed guide to the Williamsprotocolsefethan this authoritative, streamlined sourcebook.How to know if you’re in love? 10 tips
Is it just a passing phase, is it a serious infatuation or this time, is it the real thing? If you can’t figure out whether what you’re feeling really is love, then it’s time to do a little soul searching and ask yourself these ten questions to find out what you’re really feeling:
1. Can you picture a future without him?
Whatever your plan is for the future, our first tip on how to know if you’re in love is this – ask yourself this question: is it him in every picture that you have those future plans with? If he’s there at your side in all your dreams of travel, children and even your career, then you must be getting pretty serious about this guy.
2. Can you discuss anything with him?
Do you feel comfortable opening up to him? If you feel that you can tell him anything, even your innermost fears and secrets, then you are on the right track. When you’re willing to be completely open and honest with someone and you trust them enough to tell them about the mistakes that you have made in the past, then you are probably in love. If everything you say is designed to impress him, though, then you may not be quite there yet.
3. Do you feel good about yourself when you’re with him?
Our next tip on how to know if you’re in love is this – if you are truly in love with a person, then being around them will bring out the best in you. Love means that you want to be with that person for the rest of your life, so he should make you feel like you can really achieve things and go places with him at your side.
4. Does he make you laugh?
At times, life can be tough enough without being miserable as well, so you need a bit of laughter in a relationship. If he makes you laugh and you can laugh comfortably with each other, then that shows you that you are at the same wavelength and comfortable enough in each other’s company to be in love.
5. Can you be yourself when you are with him?
Another good tip on how to know if you’re in love is this – if you are really in love, then you shouldn’t need to a put an act, when you’re around him. You should feel comfortable enough to let the true you come out. If you don’t feel relaxed enough to be yourself, then it is unlikely that this is true love.
6. Do you ever run out of things to talk about?
Everything seems interesting, fun and easy, when you are in love and when you’re talking to the love of your life about things. You can always tell, if a couple is really loved up by the way that they are always talking to each other. Awkward silences are not a sign of a loving couple.
7. Would you look after them if they were unwell?
Now be honest about this question, because it really can be a telling one. Some illnesses need a lot more care, than just mopping the brow and some soothing words, sometimes illness can be really messy! Would you look after him, when he got a flu?
8. Do his flaws still annoy you?
Another great tip on how to know if you’re in love is to ask yourself this question: does he do things that really bug you? If you love someone, then you love them wholeheartedly and that includes their little imperfections. If there are things that he does now, that really get under your skin, then you do need to ask yourself how much you love this person. It’s unlikely that you will get him to change his ways, and if it really was love, then you wouldn’t want him to change anyway.
9. Do you admire him? Are you proud of him?
Next question on how to know if you’re in love is this: are you proud to be seen with him and do you admire him? If you are, then that’s a good sign, because when you love someone you are proud of them and their achievements, and you love to show off your admiration and pride about them.
10. Do you value his opinion?
And finally, another tip on how to know if you’re in love is to find out the answer to this question: do you really care about what he thinks? You shouldn’t have to do things just to impress him, but you should care what he thinks. Love means that you want that special person in your life to be happy and you will go out of your way to make that happen, because he makes you happy too.
How do you know you love someone? Please, feel free to share your tips in the comment section below.
Stay happy!Informationen zur Tour High Mountain trail to the Ortles Summit
Tour Hauptmerkmale
- Duration
- 12:30 h
- Distance
- 20.9km
- Altitude
- 2210 m
- Altitude
- 2210 m
- Max. height
- 3894 m
Directions
The road to Stelvio takes you toSolda – Sulden (1906 m, tourist resort). Route 4 is a zigzag hike through woods, meadows, and moraines, passing the Rifugio Tabaretta (2,556 m, 2 hours) and leading to the col of Bärenkopf (2,877 m); Heading south we will be climbing another col (2,903 m) and arriving at the Rifugio Payer (3,020 m; 3:30 hours). After an overnight stay, we will follow the green markers to cross the rocky ridge west of the Punta Tabaretta, and then descend a narrow col (2,980 m, the top of a huge glaciated channel). We will then climb a rocky wall, exposed and vertical in parts but equipped with fixed chains and climbing aids. This 50-metre climb with a few 2-grade sections is not difficult and climbing to the last spur is facilitated by the use of a fixed spike. After we have reached the shoulder of the glacier (3,100 m approx.) the rest of the pathway is on ice and requires the use of crampons all the way. The track crosses a steep slope leading to the hollow valley of «Bärenloch» (bear hole), and turning to the right towards the rocks called «Tschirfeckfelsen » (Mount Cief). You can also climb up the steep glacier reaching the Lombardi Bivouac (3,316 m) keeping an eye out for the crevass along the edge of the rocks. We pass a relatively flat shoulder then cross a steep slope diagonally to get to the top of a platform and the snowy ridge (Firn) behind which we reach the cross on the summit (3,905 m; 3–4 hours from the refuge depending on conditions). Return via the same route.
Variante
Route to the Rifugio Payer da Trafòi: from the village (1,541 m) to the sanctuary of Heilige Drei Brunnen (Three fountains, 1,605 m) and on route 18 to the Rifugio Berglhütte (Borletti, 2,188 m, less than 2 hours). Route 19 north-east takes you up to the col of Tabaretta and continuing south to the Rifugio Payer (from the Rifugio Berglhütte, 2:30 hours).
Starting point
Target point
Specificity
An epic ascent reaching an altitude of almost 4,000 metres; suitable for expert mountaineers with previous experience of hiking on rocks and ice, and with a good level of fitness. In summer the Rifugio Payer is often full, therefore prior booking of overnight stay is essential. Attempt this ascent only in good weather conditions and good conditions underfoot.
Parking
Parking is available at Solda - Sulden
Public transportation
Public bus (Line 271) from Malles - Mals and Spondigna - Spondinig to Solda - Sulden. By train from Merano to Malles
Directions
From Merano or Resia continue towards Spondigna - Spondinig, then turn to Prad and continue to Solda - Sulden.
Editor's review
Condition
Technique
Experience
Landscape
Recommended
- Jan
- Feb
- Mar
- Apr
- May
- Jun
- Jul
- Aug
- Sep
- Oct
- Nov
- Dec
Tab for photos and ratingsIf you didn’t know already, I am from Denmark, not a lot of games come out of Denmark, those which do are rather small, most video game companies here don’t aim big enough in my opinion. So it was quite pleasent surprise when the BAFTA’s were announced and Inside – the game developed by Playdead and partially financed by the Danish Film Institute took home 4 awards, Artistic Achievement, Game Design, Narrative, Original Property.
Other games include:
Firewatch — Debut Game, Best Performer
Overcooked — Best Family Game, British Game
The Last Guardian — Audio Archievement
Uncharted 4 — Best Game
Overwatch — Best Multiplayer
BAFTA stands for the British Association For Those Awards.Organic Coconut Palm Sugar 1lb (453g)
Description
Organic Coconut Palm Sugar 1lb (453g).
- USDA Organic
- Kosher Certificate
- Vegan
- Non-GMO
- Laboratory Verified
- China Free
Ingredient: Organic coconut palm sugar.
Product of the Philippines
These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to treat, cure or diagnose any disease..Thank you MosesX50 for supporting NG!
We're 15 people from our target today. Why don't you be one of them?
You can support NG too and get tons of perks for just $2.99.
Create a Free Account and then..
I don't exactly know what I was doing, or why I named it acid rain, but it sounds good anyways. I could maybe see this for some sci-fi fight scene for an rpg or something like that.
I gave it really good quality and bit-rate too because it was so short and.Mumbai-based P2P lending fintech startup, Capzest, has raised $200K in seed funding from LionVentures, a seed investment and innovation platform founded by Anurag Mehrotra founder of LionVentures; Varun Dua, co-founder and CEO of Coverfox; Amit Tambe, former senior partner of Trilegal India and Vikas Jhunjhunwala, a Mumbai-based textile businessman reported VC Circle.
Founded in 2015 by Sayantan Sarkar and Rohan Adlakha, Capzest’s digital lending platform has partnered with banks and NBFCs to provide personal loans and business loans to SMEs. The lending platform plans to utilize funds to strengthen its technology, marketing and operations team in addition to launching a number of new products, Rohan Adlakha, co-founder of Caplets told Techcircle.in. Adlakha said the company will introduce a number of products including education loans (for courses in both international and domestic institutions), personal vehicle loans and commercial loans soon.
“Since the top end of the consumer pyramid is taken care of by banks and the bottom level of the pyramid is addressed by micro-finance institutions, it’s the consumers at the mid-level that are our targets,” Adlakha commented.
Capzest offers unsecured personal loans of Rs 50,000-2 lakh at interest rates of 11.49-14 per cent. It charges 10-11 per cent interest on business loans starting from Rs 25 lakh and going up to Rs 5 crore. According to Techcircle.in, Capzest has partnered with six financial institutions including Reliance Capital and Essel Finance and has received over 1500 applications for personal loans and 150 applications for SME loans.
Pingback: India Insurance Company Coverfox Secures $15 Million During Series C Funding Round Led By Transamerica | Tera News()
Pingback: India Insurance Company Coverfox Secures $15 Million Du… – Auto Insurance()The word "Dacion " comes from giving , ie , giving in payment. It is a method to make payment of a loan, which can be mortgage , leading to transfer ownership or ownership of the property insolventado voluntarily by the debtor to the creditor to extinguish the obligation.
It is a very appropriate way to look out of debt when there are no more roads and other family finances can not comply with the credits. But this is not very easy to be accepted by banks, must meet certain requirements , sometimes they hinder both the process not reach a successful conclusion , must proceed the creditor , paradoxically , by legal action seeking obtain payment of their claims against the auction of the property.
FREE HOUSING
In Colombia and is allowed to make advance payments in any credit transaction , quotas or balances in whole or in part , with the consequent settlement of interest payment day , without penalty charges . The debtor will decide whether the partial payment , which runs to the capital held by decreasing the time or fee.
This right of all financial consumer does not apply to mortgage loans, or those that are greater than 880 monthly legal minimum wages , which are subject to contractual conditions for advance payment in each case.
If the debtor has several loans with the same entity, you can only prepay these to the top of the 880 monthly legal minimum wages . And if you have them with different entities , you can prepay each up to this limit.
.
What is required to sale a property?
To sale your property its iportant to keep in mind the following: bought our bungalow bungalow! artefacts,..Laurence Tribe has an op-ed in the Washington Post arguing that the Supreme Court should strike down the death penalty as unconstitutional. His argument is that the death penalty “violates human dignity and constitutes cruel and unusual punishment.” I actually agree with him, in part, and I think that we should abolish the death penalty. However, the mechanism for doing so is through state legislatures or a constitutional amendment, not through the Supreme Court.
It’s odd to me that Tribe chooses to set forth his case in an op-ed at all, given that he obviously isn’t counting on ordinary legislative means to put an end to the death penalty in America. If all you need to do is convince the Court, then why care about convincing the public?
I suppose it makes some sense. If people continue to lose regard for the Supreme Court, viewing it as just another political branch of our government whose rulings are determined by the party that picks the judges, then trying to sway popular opinion is rational, as that will ultimately determine who sits on the Court. And of course, Tribe, like many other progressives, wants the Court to function as a policy-making instrument to advance progressive ends like the abolition of the death penalty, gay rights, and abortion.
But beyond that, if the Court oversteps its bounds too much, it will undermine its own legitimacy. It is the Constitution of the United States that created the Supreme Court and provided the Court with its judicial powers. If the Supreme Court flagrantly disregards the meaning of the Constitution, then it effectively saws off the branch on which it sits. As Justice Scalia said in his dissent in Obergefell v. Hodges:.
The Court cannot enforce its own judgments. It can only go so far in reinterpreting the Constitution before someone will say “no.” Indeed, this is already happening on the fringes. Roy Moore, a former Alabama judge, was removed from his seat for disobeying a federal court order. He is now the Republican nominee for Alabama’s seat in the Senate.
I don’t like Roy Moore. I consider him and people who support him a threat to the rule of law in this country. But it’s unsurprising that figures like him would pop up, given the Supreme Court’s lawless advocacy of progressive causes. If the Court doesn’t start to hold itself back from resolving all the most controversial political issues on the basis of Anthony Kennedy’s moral philosophy, Moore will start to become mainstream, no matter how many op-eds Larry Tribe writes.- Tuesday July 5th, 2016 :: 04:53 p.m. EDT
Telephone outage in the 1500 block area of Arona Road
It has been reported that there are telephone wires down in the area of the 1500 block of Arona Road and may be causing telephone service interruption. Verizon has been contacted, but there is an unknown restoration time.
If you are in this area and your Verizon landline is not working, please use a cellular or working line to contact Verizon regarding your outage.
This does not affect Comcast or Verizon FiOS phone services.
Address/Location
Hempfield Twp. Emergency Management Agency
1132 Woodward Drive
GREENSBURG, PA 15601
Emergency: 9-1-1
Non-emergencies: 724-834-7232
More Messages
See more messages from Greensburg, Pennsylvania »Let’s get one thing straight here. I love my morning cup of joe. I’m not alone in saying my day doesn’t start without it. Sixty percent of American coffee drinkers claim they need coffee to start their day.
But when I came across an infographic by Ryoko Iwata, a Japanese coffee-lover with a blog titled “I Love Coffee” who followed research on the 24-hour circadian clock gathered by Steven Miller, a PhD candidate at the Uniformed Services University of Health Sciences in Bethesada, I decided to change my ways. The infographic shows the early morning hours are the worst time to drink coffee.
While all of us have different reactions to caffeine, our bodies are all guided by the 24-hour hormonal cycle called the circadian clock. One of the hormones this clock controls is cortisol, which makes us feel alert and awake. The peak production time of cortisol is between 8 and 9 a.m. If you’re a morning coffee drinker, this means you’re consuming caffeine at a time when your body is essentially naturally caffeinating itself.
Drinking coffee at peak cortisol times not only diminishes the energy-boosting effects of caffeine, but causes your body to build a tolerance to it, meaning the caffeine jolt you get will diminish over time. Timing your coffee breaks with your body’s cortisol schedule means you will get the biggest bang from your caffeine jolt. According to the infographic, cortisol levels peak between 8 to 9 a.m., 12 to 1 p.m. and 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., meaning the best time for a coffee break is between 9:30 to 11:30 a.m. and 1:30 to 5 p.m., when our body’s cortisol levels drop. benefit from having their first cup about an hour after waking.
Hat tip: Forbes and I Love Coffee
The Dover Street Market x Nike Air Max 1 Releases This Thursday
12 mins 0 by Sneaker News
Jordan Brand recently unveiled its 2013 All-Star Collection of ‘Night Vision’ inspired footwear, which includes this clean Air Jordan III Retro colorway. While the comic-book villain ‘Joker’ has nothing to do with the concept of the shoe (instead, it’s a stealth night-vision colorway that sparks this color-combo), the moniker has stuck firmly since we first saw the shoe in late 2012. These are indeed confirmed for a release on February 16th alongside the Air Jordan 1 and Air Jordan XX8, so check out the official images of the Joker aka Night Vision aka All-Star release below and let us know if these are a must-have for you.
Air Jordan III “Joker”
Black/Electric Green-Canyon Purple-White
136064-018
02/16/13
$160Situated in a much sought after location on one of Albion’s finest streets only 500m to Albion Station.
Home offers 2 large bedrooms, kitchen, meals/dining area, central bathroom and lock up garage.
In close proximity to all local interests including Selwyn Park, Perth Avenue shops, ample Kindergarten – Primary education and only 12km approx to the Melbourne CBD.Grandparent DNA Testing
Grandparents can be compared to the child can help determine paternity. Grandparent DNA testing can be legal or private. Grandparent testing is often used in Social Security cases and to establish grandparent’s rights.
When all four participants are included in testing a grandparent test is equal to a paternity test. Every effort should be made to include mother and both grandparents in this DNA test.
Grandparent DNA Testing is based on two key ideas.
- Will you include the mother in testing?
- Which parents of the alleged father will you test?
It is very important that every effort be made to include the mother in testing.
iTestDNA offers the following DNA tests:
- Mother & Child vs Grandmother and Grandfather (this is the best test)!
- Mother & Child vs Grandmother
- Mother & Child vs Grandfather
- Child vs Grandmother
- Child vs Grandfather
- Y Chromosome Testing
To help you decide which DNA test is best for you, please call iTest DNA in Phoenix Arizona to discuss your case.Mental Health Services
All Mental Health Services (Corner Brook, Stephenville, Deer Lake, Port Saunders, Burgeo, Norris Point, Port aux Basques) provide promotion, education and prevention services, consultation, assessment and counseling services to children, adults, families, groups and communities for mental health/mental illness-related issues. Mental Health Services accepts self referrals or referrals from other agencies. Download our referral form (pdf).
Contact information for regional mental health & addiction services:
Mental Health Unit at WMRH
The Mental Health Unit is a 23 bed Acute Care Service at Western Memorial Regional Hospital that serves as the only Mental Health Unit in the Western region of Newfoundland. Our admission criteria includes all diagnosis covered in the DSM IV including alcohol and drug detoxification with admission being arranged by a physiciatrist or general pratitioner.
A safe, therapeutic and caring environment is provided through a multi-disciplinary team approach to individuals experiencing emotional, behavioral or concurrent disorders.
Mental Health Rehabilitation
This outpatient service located in Corner Brook provides supportive care to individuals with mental illness and their families. This support is offered through individual or group counselling as well as a weekly Neuroleptic clinic.
For more information on Mental Health Rehabilitation, contact the Mental Health Rehabilitation Nurse at 709-634-4506.
For More Information
For information on other services provided by Western Health, please click the following links:
Addictions Prevention and Mental Health Promotion
Sexual Abuse Community ServicesSolo Peru
2855 S Kansas Ave Topeka, Kansas 66611(785) 215-8814
Print | Save | Directions
AboutSolo Peru is located at the address 2855 S Kansas Ave in Topeka, Kansas 66611. They can be contacted via phone at (785) 215-8814 for pricing, hours and directions.
For maps and directions to Solo Peru view the map to the right. For reviews of Solo Peru see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (785) 215-8814
CATEGORIES:
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsMumbai-based Core Education & Technologies Ltd has decided to induct joint venture partners for the India business, as part of its efforts to revive the company, according to a stock market disclosure.
In a meeting held on June 10, the board of Core Education, formerly known as Core Projects & Technologies Ltd, decided to appoint a real estate consultant for developing or disposing of its non-core assets and real estate properties, it said in the filing.
These non-core assets and real estate properties of the company are currently valued at approximately Rs 400 crore (around $67.4 million), it added.
Moreover, the board of directors has decided to bring in additional investment and divest its investment in its overseas subsidiary.
Currently, Core Education offers cover compliance, assessment, content, teacher training, vocational training, examination management systems and language training globally. It also focuses on providing technology-enabled education solutions to government bodies, schools and students.
In addition, the company provides IT and software development services, and is involved in enterprise resource planning, logistics and consulting.
Core Education has presence across India and several countries abroad.
Core Education’s scrip was trading at Rs 19.84 per share, down 4.97 per cent on the BSE from its previous close in flat Mumbai market on Wednesday.
(Edited by Joby Puthuparampil Johnson)...........
Get Help from Bob Vila
- Give-Aways & Offers
- Monthly Must Do's
- DIY Project Ideas
- Step-by-Step Guides
- Inspirational Photo GalleriesBack from Tallinn!
Overwhelmed by great impressions and new contacts from the seminar last week in Tallinn, about gender equality and promoting Work-Life Balance in Estonia. The event was connected to the Swedish Institute global expo ”Life Puzzle”, like in the other countries where I’ve been invited to talk about the ParentSmart Company initiative. The seminar was very well arranged by the Estonian Ministry of Social Affairs, the Embassy of Sweden, the Swedish Institute, the Responsible Business Forum and support from Norway Grants. Perfect timing for the theme too – 2 days after presentation of the new Parliament, and one of it’s prioritized questions: Work-Life Balance!
The seminar at Radisson Blu Hotel Olümpia attracted Estonian companies from various business areas, and although female dominance there were both women and men in the audience. During the day we got current reports about challenges, possibilities and intiatives going on in the country, as well as Estonian research within the area and a Norwegian case about Storebrand’s activities to be an attractive employer.
I had the pleasure to lead a 1,5 h interactive workshop with the audience (in Estonian – it worked – well! :-)) – a dialogue about how to make use of ALL the competence available to a company – and thereby increasing gender equality, work-life balance etc. We talked about how the ParentSmart Company initiative helps companies see and show why parents are a valuable asset to the company, and why it’s profitable to have both mothers and fathers on parental leave. And how the process is initiated in practise, to achieve concrete and quick results.
The participants reflected together about their ideas, thoughts, doubts and convictions. The room was full of energy – it was interesting to follow the exchange of ideas and experiences within the area, current to all. The ParentSmart opportunity is there, in these Estonian companies like in all others I’ve met – since company benefits from parenthood always have been there. The step for an employer to show they know this connection isn’t that big, but makes all the difference. And results come quickly if working with practical support, attitudes and role models at the same time.
Below: The Swedish Ambassador Anders Ljunggren and Katri Eespere, from the Ministry of Social Affairs. Estonia has a very generous parental leave law, and several projects going on in the area. The Ministry supports initiatives in companies in different ways, both with ideas and financially (funds from Norway and EU for ex). Katri is responsible for gender equality questions at the Ministry and was showing a genuine and inspiring optimism towards the future. She talks about the gender equality development not seen as a problem, but as an interesting challenge. Liked that attitude.
Triin Roosalu from Tallinn University presented research and ideas under the theme “Forming (gender) identities through time management”. She had an interesting reasoning about what really causes gender equality/inequality, and how we add to it and not in society, through attitudes, behaviors and role models.
Beside the Life Puzzle expo below: our excellent moderator Lee Maripuu from Swedbank, and my great support with everything from translation of slides into Estonian to expertise in the topic area – Karel Parve, Estonian Ministry of Social Affairs.
I look forward to continue my good contacts in Estonia, and hopefully be able to follow the development further in Estonian companies and society.
Bra jobbat Tiina!
/EmiliaKing Louie has announced the third installment of his "Drilluminati" mixtape series and shared artwork.
Although the dust is still settling on his summer mixtape Tony, King Louie is taking no time at all to announce a follow up, which will be the third installment in his Drilluminati series. Entitled Drilluminati 3: God Of Drill, the tape features artwork of a headless man holding a pistol and what appear to be blunt wraps -- view it in the gallery above.
With the first Drilluminati arriving in 2012, and the second in 2013, it seems like a safe bet that Volume 3 will make it so that Louie's dropped one installment per year.
Do y'all think this one will top the previous two?
6 CommentsView Comment ThreadFeaturing a garden and free bikes, Agritur La Val offers Alpine-style rooms with a panoramic balcony. With free private parking, it is located in the village of Bracagnoli, 6 km from Lake Caldonazzo.
A breakfast buffet including homemade jam, cakes and cold cuts, together with juice and fresh fruits is served every morning. A restaurant specialised in traditional dishes is available on site.
Each room has wooden furniture, views of the mountains and a flat-screen TV. The private bathroom comes... with a hairdryer and free toiletries.
Trento can be reached in 20 minutes by car, while the Folgaria ski area is 20 km from La Val Agritur. The centre of Vigolo Vattaro is a 3-minute drive away.“Before I knew it my work and home schedule had taken over my life and yes, inevitably I’d soon gained 15kg (33lb) of ‘blubber.’ Depressed as this made me feel, I could never find my way back. I watched Fat, Sick & Nearly Dead, and knew I couldn’t juice only, but what I did do changed me life.” Read Gavin’s full story.Kid:
1. Milk:
Milk is known as complete food since it can provide all the major nutrients like carbohydrate, proteins, and fats. Milk is also loaded with vitamins like A, D, E, and K along with vitamin B-12, thiamin, and riboflavin. Furthermore, milk is a very good source of minerals like calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, potassium, selenium, and zinc. These minerals are crucial for bone health and hormonal balance in growing kids. Flavors like chocolate, cardamom, saffron, and almonds can be used to enhance the taste of milk and thus make the fussy kids drink it.
2. Fruit juices:
Fruit juices are a very good and tasty option for the kids who avoid eating their fruits as a whole. Juices of citrus fruit like oranges, mousambi, lemon, and grapefruit are a great source of vitamin C, vitamin B1, pantothenic acid, and folate. Juices of fruits like apple, grapes, pomegranate, watermelon, and others are an abundant source of vitamin A, calcium, copper, and fiber. One need to remember that the juices lose their nutritional value on storage and thus readymade drinks are often useless.
3. Buttermilk:
Buttermilk is an amazing probiotic drink filled with the goodness of calcium, proteins, and riboflavin. Also, the drink is low in fat and calorie counts. According to Ayurveda, buttermilk is ‘cool’ in inherent nature and thus prevent from derogatory effects of scorching heat.
4. Soups:
Thick and tangy soups made with tomatoes, carrots, and other vegetables can be used as a perfect evening time drink alongside a small snack. Adding a little bit of sugar, cream, and grated cheese makes the kids love it and ask for more. Soups are a perfect substitute for cooked vegetables which kids often avoid.
5. Water:
Benefits of water as a drink are often underestimated. Intake of at least 2-3 glasses of water along with another fluid is of utmost importance to avoid problems like dehydration and constipation in the children. Parents must ensure that the child drinks a glass of water after physical activities like dancing or playing in order to replenish the water lost through sweating.Seven World Wonders of Africa
September 28, 2012 at 7:08 am zaratanzania Leave a comment
The Tanzania National Park (TANAPA) has sent Information Communication and Technology (ICT) specialists to different schools, colleges and institutions countrywide in a bid to mobilise more people to vote for national natural attractions including; Mount Kilimanjaro, the Ngorongoro Conservation Area and the Serengeti National Park to be included in the list of the Seven World Wonders of Africa.
TANAPA Director General, Allan Kijazi, said this over the weekend during the 5th graduation ceremony for form four students of Bendel Memorial Secondary School in Moshi.
The event was accompanied by a fund raiser which would help in the construction of a library and an administrative block for the school. read more
Entry filed under: Uncategorized.
Trackback this post | Subscribe to the comments via RSS FeedSo, a blogger friend included a link to this site, Feeding America, in her last post.
I think I just found my new favorite web site. Books, old books, that can be read cover to cover online… no searching for them at the library, where Peanut has decided to exercise his lungs, no wishing I could afford some outrageous price off amazon.
Thank you, Mrs. Mac!
Advertisements
You're welcome. Check out the old time homemaking and homeopathic suggestions too. Amazing.Millennial will have a limited supply of single-family homes to pick from as median home prices continue to rise and supplies of homes continue to be tight.
Realtors sold 609 single-family homes during March, the third greatest number during the past 12 months and highest since August, according to the Ocala/Marion County Association of Realtors. The data does not include homes sold by owners.
The number of closings during March was 12.4 percent higher than during March 2016 and up from February, when only 438 Realtor sales were recorded.
Along with more homes sold, the median sales price also rose to $142,000, up 11.6 percent from March 2016 and the highest since at least 2013. The year-over-year percent increase for the past 12 months has been in the double digits, with the greatest leap in January, when the median sales price increased 31 percent compared to the year before.
“I think we have healthy growth right now,” said Vicky Morrison, vice president of the Ocala/Marion County Association of Realtors. “And it’s growing steady and the prices are getting back to a normal market.”
Morrison is also the broker and owner of Bricks and Mortar Real Estate and Development.
Also reflective of a healthy market is the sales price in comparison to the original asking price. The median sales price for March was 96.2 percent of the original asking price. That was a 2.3 percentage points better than the same month in 2016. The 96.2 percent was the highest percent of the asking price since at least January 2013.
This is a good indicator of the recovering market, as buyers realize the market is starting to favor the seller.
Some of what’s driving the market could be more people moving to Marion County, Morrison said. She thinks new businesses setting up distribution centers here, such as Auto Zone and Fed Ex, are having an impact.
“Now we’re seeing a reflection in the housing market,” she said.
As sales numbers increase, the inventory of existing homes for sale is not keeping up with the demand. The inventory of active listings during March was 2,730 homes, a drop of 16.8 percent compared to March 2016. The consecutive year-over-year drop in inventory has been in the double digits since September 2016.
For More Information:- Fred HiersIndividual health insurance plans in California will cost on average 12.5 percent more in 2018, Covered California announced on Tuesday.
Los Angeles County can expect an average rate increase of 13.4 percent, the state insurance exchange said. In Orange County, it will be 10.2 percent, and 17.2 percent in the Inland Empire.
All 11 insurance carriers currently on Covered California will continue to do business in the state, but one is cutting back significantly. In response to ongoing "volatility" in the markets, Anthem Blue Cross of California said it will no longer do business on the individual market in Southern California. The company will continue to cover people through employer-sponsored plans, but will pull out of 16 of the 19 regions where it currently offers individual plans through the exchange, remaining only in Santa Clara and parts of northern California and the Central Valley.
Anthem’s pullback comes amid what Covered California Executive Director Peter Lee called "unprecedented uncertainty" regarding what the federal government might do to the Affordable Care Act. At least 3 percent of the overall average rate increase is directly related to the lack of direction from Washington, he said.
Insurers are most concerned about threats from the Trump administration to "let Obamacare fail" by stopping future cost-sharing reductions that help cover certain out-of-pocket costs for certain lower-income Americans.
Covered California is poised to add an additional surcharge to silver plans – the most popular policies – if that federal money disappears or if it remains unclear whether Washington will provide it. The state exchange said it will decide whether to enact those surcharges by the end of the month.
"What we’ve said in our policy and what our plans want is a clear and definitive policy guidance. A tweet would not be enough," said Lee.
If the surcharges are added, they will add an average of 12.4 percent—with a range between 8 to 27 percent more to silver plan premiums.
Insurers are well aware of the risks involved with this approach, said Charles Bacchi, CEO of the California Association of Health Plans.
"We’re really kind of holding hands and jumping off the ledge here together with Covered California and saying ‘We’re going to make this work," he said.
Covered California is encouraging people to shop around, because beyond the average premium increases, how much consumers will end up paying will vary significantly depending on where they live, and on which plans and providers they choose. For example, premiums in Los Angeles County will rise from as little as 6 percent to as much as 42 percent.
"Most Californians still do have a number of different choices when it comes to buying their own coverage in the individual marketplace. I think that is the ultimate testament about whether or not the market is working," said Bacchi.
This story has been updated.Seen
October 14, 2008 § Leave a comment
If you keep walking, you just kind of happen across the World Trade Centre site, St. Paul’s Chapel, and the cross. A lift from an earlier post:
The last time I was in New York, I stayed in an apartment in Queens that I shared with an ironworker who had recently emigrated from Ireland. It was the first spring after 9/11, and my temporary roommate was still working on “the pile,” where he had been stationed since the towers collapsed. One night, he felt like story-telling and told me about the iron cross, which he and his coworkers erected as a memorial to those who were lost. Then he stubbed out his cigarette and went to bed.
I’m glad I had a story to remember when I saw it.Davis hits walk-off winner in extras against Rays
Baltimore improves to 64-69 on season.Press events and business environments, will introduce to the market the Unisfair Virtual Classroom, an engaging and cost-effective virtual training environment used by organizations like Intel, Intuit, IBM and Novartis, to train customers, partners and employees.
In addition to higher attendee satisfaction, companies leveraging the Unisfair Virtual Classroom have reported a 95 percent reduction in training costs, with the average cost per attendee going from roughly $2,000 to $100. By replacing traditional training with a virtual classroom, companies are able to save millions of dollars without sacrificing effectiveness.
The Unisfair Virtual Classroom also enables the trainers to administer online tests and monitor learning progress. The outstanding success rates delivered by the Unisfair Virtual Classroom are the result of providing participants a highly interactive and stimulating learning environment, including studying live with an online instructor or accessing the recorded training sessions when it is most convenient. Participants can be trained at their own pace, repeating previous sections at any time, resulting in a deeper learning experience.
Other features of the Unisfair Virtual Classroom include:
- A suite of interactive communications tools such as video, audio, text, slides, blogs, instant messaging and Skype-enabled voice and video chat.
- The rich, fully customizable learning environment makes participants feel as if they’re right in a classroom.
- An agenda builder lets attendees easily build their own class schedules
- Live chat translation helps bridge language barriers by enabling discussion in 50 different languages.
- Networking capabilities allow attendees to easily connect with others using interest matching tools, creating interest groups and share information.
- Report on attendees’ interactions and rank them with Unisfair Engagement Index
“Companies are looking to make training more engaging and fun,” said Hoang Vuong, CEO of Unisfair. “Our virtual classroom allows them to create an exciting and interactive place for customers, partners and employees to discover, connect and learn while improving ROI.”
To share their experiences with the Unisfair Virtual Classroom as well as best practices for virtual training success, Unisfair, its customers ACS and Intuit, and industry-leading organizations such as ASTD and the eLearning Guild held a virtual showcase event on September 9. To view this event, visit
Last month, Unisfair reported 60 percent year over year growth, based on its leadership in the market for virtual events and environments. Unisfair has also been recognized with three prestigious awards in 2010: the AlwaysOn OnMedia 100, the AlwaysOn Global 250 and the Beagle Research Sustainability Award.
Recent CommentsICC the best and competent sources to provide the live cricket scores and live ball by ball commentary in all corners of the world. You can get the complete Cricbuzz live scores for Champions Trophy 2017 live scores today match.
Star Sports Scores
Star Sports also offers the live cricket scores with ball by ball live commentary and latest updates on their official website. Star Sports is an Indian sports network consists of 14 channels, they offer live cricket scores on mobiles using their app.
Champions Trophy 2017 Live Cricket Streaming
Live cricket streaming of Cricket Champions Trophy 2017 free online will be also available on Webcric and Crictime. You can enjoy the Champions trophy live cricket streaming webcric here and check out the links given below for champions cricket trophy live stream.
Most dominant feature of Espncricinfo is the availability of the database of the all historical matches and the life careers of cricket players from 18th century to present. All information about cricket records is also present on Espncricinfo.
The sports webpage was introduced in 1993 and in no time due to its excellence services Espncricinfo become a brand in cricket and now consider as top listed webpage to stay updated with all cricket events of world. Espncricinfo also provide live score of all cricket matches whereas this sports website keep update its viewers with latest cricket news and schedules to all cricket teams with free Wikipedia of all cricket players.
Watch @ Online Cricket Streaming
Live commentary of all cricket matches is also part of Espncricinfo while this website provide its free services during all cricket matches whereas analysis of top class cricket experts also a major feature of Espncricinfo.
Live Cricket Scores Cricbuzz:
Champions Trophy 2017 Live cricket scores will be available on Cricbuzz too. Just visit the official website of live cricket scores for the live cricket ball by ball commentary of today match.
Espncricinfo not only covers major cricket events but this sports webpage also focus all national cricket leagues of India, Pakistan and other countries whereas the coverage of all matches of associate members of ICC like Ireland, Netherland, Kenya are also available on Espncricinfo.
Espncricinfo holds a very huge fans and followers club spread all around the globe and the aspect distinguish this webpage from other is the commitment of services with pure dedication and keeping in view their viewers choice.
All cricket events, their scheduled and the teams news are also available on Espncricinfo while this sports website provide its services in all parts of the globe and the services in all countries are for free online. Espncricinfo no doubt consider as one of the best webpage in order to stay update with all cricket events and this webpage is controlled and supervised by many experienced sports article writers and cricket experts.
Tags: ESPN cricinfo.com, ESPN ball by ball Today, ESPN Live Scores Today India Match, Live Cricket Scores Today Match, ESPN Cricinfo scores, ESPN Cricinfo commentary ball by ball, Get live score ESPN Cricinfo, Cricket commentary Cricinfo.What is "SWOM" weathering test?
A discussion started in 2005 & continuing through 2016 and beyond.(2005)
Q. What is SWOM? Is there any difference in SWOM and Xenon arc weathering?Deepesh Kumar Sharma
Automobile - Noida, G.B. Nagar, India
(2006)
A. The abbreviation WOM is often used in short reference to a Weather-O-Meter (now Weather-Ometer), a trademark of Atlas Material Testing Technology LLC. The original Weather-Ometers were based on enclosed carbon arc (ECA) technology which were a pair of carbon rods burning an electric arc in a Pyrex glass globe to provide an oxygen-deficient atmosphere to enhance UV output.
In the 1940's an improved carbon arc technology which provided a closer spectral match to outdoor terrestrial sunlight in the UV portions of the spectrum was developed. This used three pairs of rare-earth element doped copper-clad carbon rods, usually filtered by Corex-D flat-glass filters. This was referred to as the Open-Flame, or "Sunshine Carbon Arc" Weather-Ometer, sometimes abbreviated as SWOM. This is probably what your reference refers to.
In the 1950's the low-pressure long-arc xenon gas discharge lamp was developed by Heareaus Xenotest in Germany, now part of Atlas MTT. The xenon arc, appropriately filtered, provides the closest spectral match to outdoor terrestrial sunlight or sunlight filtered through window-glass for interior material testing. Because the carbon arc's were spectrally limited, and were not a close match to the daylight spectrum, they are not directly equivalent.
Most test methods today for most materials have moved away from carbon arc testing and use xenon arc technology.
Scientific Consultant in Atlas' global technical consulting group - Chicago, Illinois, USA
December 9, 2008
Q. I work at a tier 1 automotive supply company and we are having trouble with a certain test procedure for exterior mouldings. The test procedure says to use a SWOM for the tests but all we have in-house is the Xenon arc. Is there a known conversion between these two test equipment such as 1 hour in the SWOM is equivalent to 1.3 hours in the Xenon arc?
Thank you for your anticipated response.
- Plymouth, Michigan, United States
July 2, 2009
A. You cannot simply run a certain number of hours more in a Sunshine Carbon Arc instrument and claim an equal test. For in-house purposes you may be able to over-expose in the Xenon Arc instrument for a "go/no-go," but ultimately to qualify the material you must test to the standard requested. Once you test in both instruments a number of times you can, for your own qualifications, establish that multiplier for a particular material, testing for a particular property loss, under specific test conditions and use it with some confidence. You shouldn't, however, use that multiplier on other materials testing for other properties.
Sunshine Carbon Arc instruments are expensive to run. They match the solar spectrum fairly well in the shorter wavelengths, but have a rather large mountain of longer UV and near blue to the tune of two to five times as much as natural sunlight.
This makes for an odd test, but when claiming you are meeting the standard with your materials you need to test in the instrument specified to the standard.
- Rockaway, New Jersey, USA
April 6, 2010
Q. What is the difference/similarities of testing with Xenon and carbon weatherometers?Vishwas Surve
- India
November 15, 2016
Q. Thank you for your explanation of SWOM. There are normally writing the SWOM 1000h or SWOM 2000h in the test report.
Wondering can we just simply convert this SWOM hours into equivalent real world conditions? Such as SWOM 1000h equals outdoor 100 days in New York City?
- Kobe, Hyogo, Japan
This public forum has 60,000 threads. If you have a question in mind which seems off topic to this thread, you might prefer to Search the SiteStunning, custom built home by Toll Brothers in The Woodland of Geddes Glen. The owner's spared no expense in creating one of the finest homes on the market today. This home rests on a premium, wooded lot backing to Radrick Farms GC. Extensive landscaping includes a covered outdoor patio with gas fireplace, deck, retaining walls, and plantings. The interior of this home is showpiece of Design, Materials, and Craftsmanship. Highlights include dual sweeping staircases in the entry, two story Great Room with full height stacked stone fireplace & coffered ceiling, Gormet kitchen with custom cabinets, large island, Wolf Range, and Sub-zero, open Solarium with wall of glass to the backyard, great formal DR and LR, main level den, main level guest suite/2nd Master BR, luxurious 2nd level Master Suite with sitting area, stacked stone FP, spa-like bath, dream closet with built-ins, and flex-use master retreat, 3 additional BR with private baths, and part fin LL ready for your finishing touch.Luxemotor Replica Dutch Barge 60ft Boats for Sale
My SelectionsReset Search
- Boat category
- Country
- Length View in feet
- Price
-
- Year
-
- Fuel
-
- Layout Styles
- Location
- Show Only
Each Boatshed Office is independently owned and operated and is not an agent of Boatshed TERMS AND CONDITIONS | Privacy Policy | Cookie PolicyHobby farm. Nice house on 8 acres. Home has large kitchen with dining area and lots of cupboards. Many windows in kitchen make it very light and the windows over the sink looks out on property. The large living room has many windows and hardwood floor. There is a wide stairway to the upstairs bedrooms. Large pole barn on property. Buyer/buyers' agent to verify all info. All amts/meas approx.23550 Highway 290
Cypress, TX 77429
8001 Barker Cypress Road
Cypress, TX 77433
15420 Telge Rd.
Cypress, TX 77429
13610 Cypress North Houston
Cypress, TX 77429
18103 West Little York Rd.
Katy, TX 77084
5825 Barker Cypress
Houston, TX 77084
13340 FM 1960 Road West
Houston, TX 77065
6456 Highway 6 North
Houston, TX 77084
10015 N Eldridge Pkwy
Houston, TX 77065
11555 Louetta Rd
Houston, TX 77070
10944 Millridge North Drive
Houston, TX 77070
5460 Addicks Satsuma Road
Houston, TX 77084
16303 Loch Katrine Lane
Houston, TX 77084
18106 Northwest Freeway
Jersey Village, TX 77065
9576 FM 1960 Road West
Houston, TX 77070
15500 Vintage Preserve Parkway
Houston, TX 77070
19743 Park Row Dr
Houston, TX 77084
150 Dominion Drive
Katy, TX 77450
7302 Senate Ave
Houston, TX 77040
1000 West Grand Parkway South
Katy, TX 77494
18110 Stuebner Airline Rd
Spring, TX 77379
1130 S Mason Road
Katy, TX 77450
1430 Katy Flewellen Road
Katy, TX 77494
14451 State Highway 249
Houston, TX 77086
4330 FM 1960 Rd W
Houston, TX 770 Cypress or in any other nearby city like Jersey Village, Tomball, Katy or Magn7433, Cypress, 77433, Cypress7433, Cy7433, Cypress storage search query we are showing 1 storage facilities. Within 25 miles of your, 77433, Cypress storage search query we are showing 100 storage facilities. Within 45 mile of your, 77433, Cypress storage search query we are showing 126 storage facilities.Eviction
Information
If you are an "Unnamed Occupant" and the landlord wants to evict you:
Normally, a landlord will have a written rental agreement or lease with a tenant and know his or her name. However, sometimes a known tenant allows other adults to live with him or her, and the landlord doesn't know the names of these people.
If you are an "unnamed occupant" in an eviction lawsuit, and the landlord wins the unlawful detainer case, a sheriff cannot lawfully evict you if your name does not appear on the writ of possession. The landlord can take steps to avoid this result.
If the landlord DID take steps to evict you:
When the "Summons" and "Complaint" are served on the named defendants, the process server can ask whether there are other people living in the unit who have not been named as defendants.
If there are, the process server can serve the unnamed person with a blank Prejudgment Claim of Right to Possession form (CP 10.5) and a copy of the "Summons" and the "Complaint."
If you have been served with these three documents, you have 10 days to complete the Prejudgment Claim of Right to Possession form and file it with the Court.
There are fees for filing documents with the court. If you cannot afford these fees, you can request a Fee Waiver (FW-001).
IMPORTANT: Any unnamed occupant who does not file a Prejudgment Claim of Right to Possession form with the Clerk of Court can then be evicted.
NOTE: When you file the CP 10.5 form, you automatically become a defendant in the unlawful detainer lawsuit. This means you must file an "Answer" to the landlord's "Complaint" no more than 5 days after filing the CP 10.5.
The court will then rule on your defense to the eviction along with the defenses of the other defendants.
If the landlord wins, you cannot delay the eviction, even if you are not named in the "writ of possession" issued by the court.
If the landlord DID NOT take steps to evict you:
Sometimes, the landlord does not have a "Prejudgment Claim of Right to Possession" form served on the unnamed occupants when the unlawful detainer complaint is served.
If this is the case, when the sheriff arrives to enforce the "writ of possession" (that is, to evict the tenants). (See California Code of Civil Procedure, Section 1174.3)
If you gave the sheriff a "Claim of Right to Possession" form:
If you gave the sheriff a completed "Claim of Right to Possession" form, you have only two (2) business days to pay the court's filing fees (or to file a request for waiver of the fee) at the clerk's office.
You also should deliver to the court an amount equal to 15 days' rent for the rental unit. The "writ of possession" must state the daily rental value of the rental unit.
5 to 15 days after you've paid the filing fee and deposited an amount equal to 15 days' rent, the court will hold a hearing.
- If you don't deposit the 15 days' rent, the court will hold the hearing within 5 days.
At the hearing, the court will decide whether or not you have a valid claim to possession.
- If the court decides that your claim to possession is valid, your deposit will be returned to you. The court will then order further proceedings.
- If the court finds that your claim to possession is not valid, an amount equal to the daily rent for each day the eviction was delayed will be subtracted from the rent that is returned to you. The sheriff or marshal will continue with the eviction.This slideshow requires JavaScript.
I have had a lot of people asking me about #Rightmovecrush over the last few days. What is it? What do you do? When do you do it?
#Rightmovecrush is for all of you who love to look at dream properties, you know those properties that require a lottery win. Every Tuesday morning @Rightmove host the #rightmovecrush, we tweet a selection of dream properties to @Rightmove for us all to lust over.
There is a hardcore team @whiskeyrich – my main competition, who like me, tries to theme his properties each week (more about this later) he is so a castle man. @agencyexpress – she loves character properties @mickelous – he loves nothing better than a games room or even slide and ofcourse @rightmove – wood, wood and more wood! me @RightmoveAddict – well I love a stunning staircase.
Every week I try and theme my #Rightmovecrush, so far my themes have included
- Castles
- Boats
- Rentals
- Terraced houses
- Churches
- Watermills
- Farms
- Sci-Fi week
I even did a special Titanic #Rightmovecrush which I showcased properties along the Titanic route.
So do you feel like joining in? Tweet @Rightmove Tuesday morning with the hashtag #Rightmovecrush with your selection, or just follow the gang.House Sold
- About this property
- Explore Girrawheen
"An Affordable Home with the Lot!"Property ID 1576086First home buyers and investors will swoon when they see the package included in this three bedroom home on this very generous 692sqm (approx) block!
Great location with easy access to the city and beautiful coastlines of WA, this 3 bedroom home offers an excellent springboard for the first home buyer or investor looking to make their mark in this great, affordable neighbourhood.
692sqm (approx) block!
3 bedroom home all large 2 with generous robes
Large fully lined double garage, 4th bedroom or games room
Brand new touch screen ducted air conditioning
Huge front patio outdoor entertaining
Tandem carport down the side
Additional patio/carport in the back yard
Wood shed or additional undercover pergola around other side
Generous lounge room
Updated kitchen & dining with stainless steel dishwasher & walk in pantry
With access to a long list of nearby parks and sporting grounds, shopping centres and Girrawheen Senior High School, Balga Senior High & Roseworth Primary all within walking distance!
Excellent first home and great for tradesman or young families!
Property Facts:
Green Title: 692m2 approx.
Council Rates: $1500 (approx)
Water Rates: $776.00 (approx).
-By Omobolanle Kougbe
Ace comedian, Basketmouth has spoken about a recent robbery attack on his home in Lekki area of Lagos.
“I will rather not talk about the robbery incident because it is in the past now. I just thank God nobody was hurt. My kids were asleep throughout the incident so that is something to really thank God for as the trauma would have messed them up for a while”, he said.
“I am good at making low points become high points. In everything that comes my way, I always thank God while believing that there is a reason for it. The ability to embrace everything in good faith and never backing down or getting distracted is one thing I think I am good at,” he added.
The news of the robbery was first told by Basketmouth’s colleague and friend, Bovi.Phone us on: 01278 732073
SUBMIT YOUR CV
Categories:
Hinkley Point Jobs (11)
HR Insights (6)
Relocation (1)
The Construction Industry (9)
The Energy Sector (8)
The Nuclear Sector (18)
The Utility Industry (4)
Date: 29-09-2017
The UK’s Energy Mix is being transformed with a rapid growth in energy produced by renewable technologies and coal being replaced by gas generation.
Read this item in full...
Date: 16-05-2016
The UK has seen significant changes in the sources of its electricity supply, having been historically reliant on coal, renewable sources now look set to lead the way.
Read this item in full...
Date: 29-03-2016
2015 Figures Show a Significant Increase in Renewable Generation in the UK's Energy Mix
Read this item in full...
Date: 21-01-2016
With exciting new build projects, long-term contracts and solid pay opportunities, the nuclear industry offers an attractive career choice....All the Best News and Articles
About
Article Writing
»
Home-and-Family
What To Discuss With Your Wedding Photographer
Published: 03rd June 2010
Views: N/A
Tweet.
More to Explore
Girlfriend Sayings
An Electric Car for the Family
Top 10 Beaches in the World
Top 10 European Ski Resorts
Top 10 High Demand High Paying Jobs in Australia
Author
by
Aaron Hu
URL:
ads
similar articles
Pre-Wedding Photos
Why is wedding photography so expensive?
Home-and-Family
young man
wedding photographer
wedding party
fond memories
family member
little girl
mementos
immediate opportunities on both extremes of the range.
The other scenario is to wait for the EURUSD to break the top of the range. This will trigger a bullish market condition and I’ll be looking for long opportunities.
What do you think?
Good trading! .Why Choose A Stratford Luxury Car Service?
When […]July 25, 2017Alyssa MContinue Reading →
Connecticut Summer Fun For 2017!
We all wait for summer like kids waiting for Christmas morning. Just as soon as we possibly can, we move our lives outdoors, spending as much time outside as possible. We throw off our windbreakers with gusto. Summer is in full swing and everyone wants to have fun without the burden of being the designated […]July 14, 2017Alyssa MContinue Reading →
Fourth of July With A Limousine In Connecticut!
It’s never too early to plan the perfect 4th of July party, and now’s the time to do it. You may be thinking of having a great barbecue in the back yard with some buddies and watching some baseball. Maybe this year, however, it’s time to kick things up a notch. Why not book a […]July 3, 2017
Mileage
Have Clients Arriving in Connecticut?
For those with businesses in Connecticut, you may have clients traveling into the area and you should think about the best ways to accommodate them. In addition to making sure they have a place to stay, you should also be sure they have transportation around the area. Whether they’re traveling to and from a nearby […]July 24,
Transportation to Nearby Cruise Ports
Concert Venues Around Connecticut
Dinner Date in Hartford
Visit the Wineries Around ConnecticutRecent Parolees
For information on adopting Leo, please contact the HOPE Program by CLICKING HERE or calling . You can complete an application online by clicking here.
Week 3
Leo’s handler reports that he did better with the steam whistle this week because he can “be easily distracted by playing with a toy.” This pup worked on giving his paw for a treat and his sit and stay commands this week. His handler also reports “that when Leo wants to be petted, he will nudge me.” Although he was making some progress during his short period in the program, unfortunately, prison life wasn’t the best for this sweet boy, and he’s back living with his loving foster mom. We know there’s a forever family out there waiting for you, Leo!
UPDATE - Leo headed back to his foster home this week. Every so often, one of our dogs has trouble adjusting to the hustle and bustle of prison life. This was the case for sweet Leo so he headed home to the calm and quiet of his foster home.
Week 2
Leo’s handler reports that he is adjusting pretty well to his new environment [although the steam whistle is still scary]. This pup is more interested in playing with a ball than the other dogs right now, but being a member of a pack sometimes takes some time. It seems that this pup loves chasing bugs, and he’ll jump and snap at them. Leo’s handler has already givrn him a nickname…”the Waspinator” after he caught his first one. Despite his penchant for bugs, this pup is a gentle boy. “When he wants some attention, or needs to go out, he will lay his head on your lap, then back up and whine a little bit. Leo has received a lot of comments on his size, his silky coat, and his pretty face.” This pup really is a keeper, and we agree with the inmates on P Block…he’s big, but he’s a handsome, gentle boy! Keep up the good work, sweet Leo!
Week 1
Leo has already been at HOPE events (as you can see from his picture in the Woofstock t-shirt, but this pooch still needs a little oomph to become adopted. His handler is happy to report that they “bonded right away.” This pup came into the program0already knowing most of his basic commands, so, we’ve been working on his tendency to pull while walking with his handler, and “he’s making good progress. When he’s off-leash, he will stay by my side both in the yard and on the tier.” As for the other dogs in his life, Leo is still testing the waters with some of them, but we’ll see what next week brings. Leo’s handler also learned that he loves to play fetch. “He loves to play with any kind of ball. Sometimes, he won’t drop it, but he’s good about me taking it from him for another throw.” Week #1, and you’re doing great, Leo!
UPDATE 3-6-11
Leo is off to the big house this week. This big fella will steal your heart away with one look into those soulful brown eyse. Leo just needs a refresher course in manners and some one-on-one attention to help him learn. He is an handsome, six year old Shar Pei mixed with a number of other breeds and he is available for adoption through CPAA. Stay tuned for next week's update.NMDC argues that measures of well-being must include cultural engagement 10/2/2012
NMDC has argued that cultural engagement is a crucial element of individual, community and national well-being and should be included in the Government's indicators for measuring national wellbeing. In our response to the Office of National Statistics' consultation, NMDC emphasised that arts, culture and heritage have a profound contribution to make in terms of well-being and urged that they are included in the headline measures.
Whilst culture and heritage are mentioned in the explanatory text for the proposed ‘Where we live’ domain of measures of well-being, NMDC believes that they would be better categorised as part of ‘What we do’. This would reflect the importance of cultural participation, which people may engage in outside their local area, rather than the location of cultural or heritage venues.
NMDC proposes that the DCMS Taking Part survey, which provides robust data on cultural participation, would be the most straightforward measure of the cultural sector’s contribution to national well-being. Office of National Statistics
More about current NMDC projects and policy.Clean Tek Services
31W154 91st St Naperville, Illinois 60564(630) 820-8110
Print | Save | Directions
AboutClean Tek Services is located at the address 31W154 91st St in Naperville, Illinois 60564. They can be contacted via phone at (630) 820-8110 for pricing, hours and directions. Clean Tek Services specializes in Wet Cleaning, Bathrooms, Synthetic.
Clean Tek Services provides Drapery Cleaning, Fire Damage Restoration, Demolition & Removals to it's customers. For maps and directions to Clean Tek Services view the map to the right. For reviews of Clean Tek Services see below.
Business Features
PRODUCTS
- Sump Pumps , Electrostatic Filters , Battery Backup Pumps , Vapor Barriers , Truck Mount Units , Delicate Fabrics , Air Movers , Water Pumps , Turbo Dryers , Dehumidifiers
SERVICES
- Toilets , Damage Restoration , Demolition & Removals , Cleaning , Maintenance , Installations & Replacements , Damage & Restoration , Drapery Cleaning , Fire Damage Restoration , Drain Cleaning
BRANDS
- 3M , Steamatic , Teflon , 3M Scotchguard , Bridgepoint
SPECIALTIES
- Wet Cleaning , Driveways , Bathrooms , Water Damage , Coffee & Tea Stains , Ink Stains , Urine Odors , Synthetic , Lead Paint , Interior
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (630) 820-8110
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Help Junk Removal
115 E Ogden Ave Naperville, Illinois 60563
Koshgarian Rug Cleaners Inc
500 W 5th Ave Naperville, Illinois 60563
Service Master
1655 Cove Ct Naperville, Illinois 60565
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsAd
All articles for '
Master P Net Worth In 2013'
All the featured articles about Master P Net Worth In 2013. News, articles, net worth profile, and all biography about Master P Net Worth In 2013.
Brotha Lynch Hung Net Worth
celebritynetworth.com/richest-celebrities/richest-rappers/brotha-...
Brotha Lynch Hung net worth: Brotha Lynch Hung is an American rapper and record producer who has a net worth of $500 thousand. Brotha Lynch Hung was born in Sacramento, California in January 1969. His debut studio album Season of da Siccness was released in 1995. Brotha Lynch Hung's second album Loaded was released in 1997 and reached #9 on the US R&B chart and #28 on the Billboard 200 chart. ...
Brotha Lynch Hung Net Worth
Jason Derulo Net Worth
celebritynetworth.com/richest-celebrities/richest-rappers/jason-d...
Jason Derulo net worth: Jason Derulo is an American singer-songwriter, actor and dancer who has a net worth of $10 million. Jason Derulo
C Murder Net Worth
celebritynetworth.com/richest-celebrities/richest-rappers/c-murde...
C Murder net worth: C Murder is an American rapper, singer-songwriter, and actor who has a net worth of $100 thousand dollars. C-Murder was born Corey Miller
Webbie Net Worth
celebritynetworth.com/richest-celebrities/richest-rappers/webbie-...
Webbie net worth: Webbie is an American rapper who has a net worth of $2.5 million dollars. Webbie was born Webster Gradney, Jr. in Baton Rouge, Louisiana in September 1985
_5<<
A Judge Has Ordered Master P To Pay His Ex-Wife A Hefty Sum
celebritynetworth.com/articles/music-news/judge-ordered-master-p-...
Master P is going to have to fork over some money to his ex-wife Sonya Miller – here's why...
>>IMAGE.Researchers have found that women with endometriosis, especially those age 40 or younger, may have a higher risk of heart disease. The research paper, titled “Endometriosis and Risk of Coronary Heart Disease,” was published in Circulation: Cardiovascular Quality and Outcomes, an American Heart Association journal.
The team reviewed medical data of 116,430 women enrolled in the Nurses’ Health Study II, taking into account alternative therapies for the treatment of the disease, including oral contraceptive and hormone replacement therapy. By the end of follow-up, endometriosis was diagnosed by surgical examination in 11,903 of all examined women.
During the 20-year follow-up, scientists found that women with endometriosis were 1.35 times more likely to receive coronary artery bypass graft surgery or coronary angioplasty procedure/stent, a higher risk (1.52) of myocardial infarction and 1.91 times more likely to develop chest pain (angina). Relative risk of coronary heart disease was highest among women ages 40 years or younger. Compared to patients without endometriosis in the same age group, those suffering from the condition were three times more likely to have a heart attack, chest pain, or need treatment for blocked arteries.
Researchers also noted that surgical treatment for endometriosis could be involved in this higher risk for heart disease: Removing the uterus or ovaries (surgically-induced menopause) may increase the risk for heart disease, which may be more evident at younger ages. Moreover, the higher frequency of these specific surgeries and the earlier the age at surgery after endometriosis diagnosis can partially explain the association between endometriosis and coronary heart disease.
“It is important for women with endometriosis — even young women — to adopt heart-healthy lifestyle habits, be screened by their doctors for heart disease, and be familiar with symptoms, because heart disease remains the primary cause of death in women,” senior study author Stacey A. Missmer, Sc.D., director of epidemiologic research in reproductive medicine at Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston, said in a news release.Related Links
- china small stone grinding machine
- rates for stone crusher screens in india
- stone jaw crusher price in pakistan
- average cost to set up a stone crushing line
- recipes for stone mill
- heavy duties, stone crusher, eourpian
- stone crusher finance project
- stone crushers in belgium
- manufacturers stone crusher india
- conners crushed stone amp; materials
- price of mobile stone crusher in india
- air pollution stone crusher ppt
- stone crushing machine pakistan
- stone crusher stalation
- automatic crsher for stone aggregate in india
stone crusher egypt
Jaw Stone Crusher, Mobile Stone Crusher, Stone Crushing Line-
Zhengzhou Unique Group Co., Ltd is the professional manufacturer of stone crusher, jaw stone crusher, jaw rock crusher, impact crusher, cone crusher,
Joyal-Crusher,Jaw Crusher,Stone Crusher,Cone Crusher,Impact
Joyal Jaw Crusher,Stone Crushing Plant,Stone Crusher.Joyal is a professional manufacturer of Crusher, Grinding mill, Stone crusher,Mobile crusher,Rock Crusher
【】 crusher -
20121115-minesforsaleinsouthafrica mine mobilecrusher stonecrushermachineprice stoneEgypt Italy 2008 2009 2010 :
:yrskl:2016-05-0505-12-54195.154.232.220
//uhos.pastorelloddns.com/H-jil-3Egypt-Crusher-Manufactuer.html2016-04-12T22:48:em>stone
Tanzania Crusher - Tanzania Crusher
inEgypt, sand making in Ethiopia, stone crusher in Gambia, grinding mill in Guinea, grinding mill in Guinea-Bissau, stone crusher in Kenya, grinding
HugeDomains.com - StoneCrusherPlant.com is for sale (Stone
More testimonials StoneCrusherPlant.com Own this domain today Our Price: $3,495 (USD)Questions? Speak with a domain specialist! Call us: 1-303-893-
Stone Crusher USA,Crushers Sale,USA Crusher Price,Manufacturers
Visit for company news and careers as well as informationGulin 300 TPH Stone Production Line in Suhar-Liwa, Oman 1.Crushing industr
crusher |stone crusher | ball mill | grinding mill | mining
(Jaw Crusher, Impact Crusher, Rock Crusher, Stone Crusher, Shaft Impact Crusher, Roll Crusher, Hammer Crusher, Cone Crusher, Impact Fine Crusher ), mill
Jaw Crusher|Impact Crusher|Hammer Crusher|Stone Production
Xinguang Mining Machinery is a professional mining solutions and equipment supplier in China. We provide wide range of mining equipments such as jaw crusher
Choosing the Best the Broken Machine, thus Making Friend with
Stone Crusher Machine Cost, Ore Crushing Plant Equipment Price Iron and Manganese Mining in Egypt,Crusher Machine for Mining Plant Superfine Silver Mining Pro
jual stone crusher plant bekas jakarta
parker cone crusher in sharjahSoulutions Display Gold CIP Production Line more Gold CIL Processing Line more Gold Flotation Production Line more Cu-Pb
Crusher, stone crusher, aggregate processing equipment for
is one of the biggest manufacturers in Aggregate Processing Machinery for the sand & gravel, quarry, mining, construction and recycling industries
Stone Crusher,Cone Crusher,Jaw Crusher,Mobile Crushing Plant,
Great Wall Company offers stone crushers and grinding mill for mineral quarrying,crushing,dressing,High Quality Trustworthy Supplier.E-Mail:[email protected]
Stone Crusher,Mineral Separation,Powder Mill,Production Line
All kinds of mining machinery,such as stone crusher,mining equipment,mobile crushing station,mineral separation,stone production line,sand production line,
stone crusher manufacturer in india
Stone Crusher & Grinding Mill Mobile Crusher Stone crusher Grinding Mill Mobile Cone Crusher This coal mobile crusher with advantages of convenience and flex
Stone crusher | stone crusher exporter,stone crusher machine
Manufacturer,supplier and exporter of stone crusher,stone crusher machine from India - AB ENGITECH - Visit through online business catalog for stone crusher
Industry & Technology Group Co., Ltd. - Stone Crusher
Stone Crusher,Mobile Crusher,Cone Crusher,Grinding Mill,Sand Maki South Asia, Southern Europe, Northern Europe, Central America, We Learn more about us
Stone grinding mill, Stone grinder mill,Stone powder machine,
Shanghai Clirik is The Most Prefesional Stone Mill Maunfacture&Supplier in China,The Main Products includeStone grinding unit,Stone powder grinder mill,Stone
Good Performance |
Software Firm at Mentor Performance Rating Pvt. Ltd Calicut Area, India Mentor Performance Rating Pvt. Ltd• Grow your business
Stone Crusher,Portable Rock Crusher,Jaw Crusher For Sale -
As a experienced manufacturer of Mining Machinery,CHINA- designs and builds stone crusher,portable rock crusher and jaw crusher for sale,we offer best
Crusher Cost,Jaw Crusher Price,Stone Crusher Cost,Impact
The stone production line is ideally for producing sand and stone for construction.It is made up of jaw crusher,impact crusher,vibrating feeder,vibrating
Crusher,Stone Crusher,Basalt Crusher,Lime Stone Crusher--
Mountain Mining Machinery Co., Ltd. of Henan main products are: Crusher,Stone Crusher,Basalt Crusher,Lime Stone Crusher,sand making machine,Pebble crusher,
/a>
//em>crusher_manufacturer.html2011-04-photo_slate_sublimation_photo_stone_photo_flagstone_tile_stone.html2012-10-
Jaw Crusher,Stone Crusher,Impact Crusher,Hammer Crusher--
Shanghai MG- China supplier of Stone Crusher,Jaw Crusher,Impact Crusher,Fine Impact Crusher,Box Hammer Crusher.The products have got the international
/a>
In mining equipment we manufacture various type of stone crusher & its # Category: Consulting Country: Egypt Description: Company providing web based
Egypt quarry crusher,Egypt limestone mill,Egypt dolomite mill
as stone crushing equipment, widely used in mining, smelting, building material, highway, railway, water conservancy and other departments,stone crusherRe
Stone Crusher Machine - stone jaw crusher,impact crusher,cone
Stone Crusher Machine,Grinding Mill,Sand Making,Beneficiation,Mobile Crushing Plant
Stone Crusher,Stone Crushing Plant,Comlete Aggregate Crushing
Stone Crushers Jaw Crusher JC Jaw Crusher C series Jaw Crusher Diesel Engine Crusher Impact Crusher PYS Cone Crusher Spring Cone Crusher Hydraulic Con
Stone Crusher,Roll Crusher,Cone Crusher,Diesel Engine Crusher
Zhengzhou Great Wall Heavy Industry Machinery Co., Ltd. is a leading mining machinery manufacturing,our main products include Stone Crusher,Roll Crusher,ConeOh my, it is terrible that I will always have a soft spot for Beavis and Butt-head in my heart...
Anyway, I am "Breaking the Law" in non-Judas Priest approved fashion in several ways... white before Memorial Day, the stripes are vaguely inmate-ish, wearing brown with black, and there is some controversy at my school about shorts right now and I am wearing them today... accidentally on purpose.
Blazer - thrifted (used to be part of a little boys rental tux)
Shirt - thrifted
Belt - thrifted
Shorts - Old Navy
Shoes - thrifted vintage Candies
Have a fabu weekend, internetz. Assuming it doesn't rain all afternoon I will be going on the Tweed Ride tomorrow, and hopefully be able to bust out my 1940s velvet horse-riding helmet in an attempt to win "Most Fetching Lady". Sunday is GOGOL BORDELLO at First Ave, where hopefully I will not injure myself from excessive jumping and dancing... again.
10 comments:
Okay, several things-
1. I love the blazer with the shorts and striped blouse.
2. The belt is so, so cute, esp. with the striped top.
3. Oh my gosh, Beavis & Butthead!!!! My dad took my little brother and I to see the movie when it came out in theaters (We were pre-teens and kind of embarrassed that our dad was there.).
What's so controversial about shorts? Students or teachers? Just curious...I am subbing today and a student just got called down to the office for wearing a shirt that said "ur so gay"!!
There are just some high school girls who keep wearing little booty shorts so they are trying to put the nix on shorts all together.
That's so lame. You can't kibosh all shorts completely! Unfair.
However- I love the blazer/long short combo. It looks awesome on you.
Good for you wearing white before the Memorial day and black and brown! It drives me crazy when people make a big deal about that stuff! Have a great weekend and don't get hurt!
Love this shirt! Adding white shorts to my summer wish list :)
i work i a school too and my whole wardrobe philosophy is "oops" accidentally on purpose. Love it!
You look more professional than most of the people in my school. One day a lady wore a house dress and it was NOT vintage, scary!
I've been listening to You've Got Another Thing Comin' lately.
And I just washed my dogs.
So I feel very related to this post.
I. adore. this. You look so Jack Black/Angus Young a la School of Rock/ACDC. And I LOVE that belt!
that shirt is awesome. and i love that your jacket is from a little boy's tuxedo.
sometimes i wish we lived next door to each other, because you are so darn cool.Specs
- Manufacturer: MSR
Details
MSR Vektor Belt
- Dual v-straps offer extra support over conventional belt designs
- The center area features a low profile rubber support panel surrounded by Coarse mesh vented mainframe fabric with internal plastic stiffener ribs
- At 6.25" in height and a weight of only .45 lbs, the vektor belt offers superior support, ventilation and added riding confidence
- M/L: 28 - 36
- L/XL: 36 - 44El Paso, TX. Ideal Climate Heating & Cooling & Refrigeration LLC
These guys were great! They did everything as expected. They showed up on time and made sure to explain to me every single detail. They are extremely knowledgeable and professional. I have not had any issues with my unit and I recommend them to everyone I know!
2. El Paso Tool & Die / Stampco
10859 Pellicano DrEl Paso, TX 79935
From Business: A company in El Paso, TX, that specializes in Metal Stamping, Tool Die Makers, Metal Specialties, Sheet Metal Fabricators, Building Contractors-Commercial Industrial.
3. Dominguez Sheet Metal Works Inc
3128 Alameda AveEl Paso, TX 79905
From Business: Formed in 1960, Dominguez Sheet Metal Works Inc. is one of the leading sheet metal fabrication and installation shops in the Greater El Paso area. Based in El Paso, Texas, the company provides all types of metal fabrications, including stainless steel, copper and aluminum. In addition, it operates an extensive welding shop…
4. El Paso Sheet Metal Works
7718 N Loop DrEl Paso, TX 79915
5. Southwest Sheet Metal Manufacturing
11601 Pellicano Dr Ste E4El Paso, TX 79936
6. Roger's Heating & Air Conditioning
Installation team was very professional. The owner, Roger Betancourt, visited the job site at least once per day keeping me informed of the process. I strongly recommend this company if you are considering converting your home air conditioning from swamp cooler to refrigerated air.
7. Aire Systems LLC
5959 Gateway Blvd W Ste 311El Paso, TX 79925
8. Southwest Sheet Metal Manufacturing
11394 James Watt DrEl Paso, TX 79936
9. Stampcoat Inc
10863 Pellicano DrEl Paso, TX 79935
From Business: Founded in 1997, Intermarkets Inc. is an advertising sales management firm for website publishers in the United States. Based in Virginia, the firm has been serving more than three billion advertisers and reaching over 2.5 million people since its inception. It provides publishers and advertisers with a range of services, …
10. Richardson Fabrication
I have gotten exceptionally detailed work by Shawn the past couple of months. His knowledge and insight helped to save my company thousands of dollars. He will not let any work out of the shop unless it is perfect.
11. LV Cooling and Heating
3709 Montana AveEl Paso, TX 79903
From Business: LV Se Ofrece a Otorgale Sus Servicios De Sistemas De Toda Clases de Clima Artificial, Contamos Con Sistemas: De Paquete Frio y Calor. Aire Evaporativos Calefacciones (Centrales y Colgantes) Ductos En General. Estimacion gratis Aseguranza y Bonded
12. Mor Sheet Metal
9043 Onate WayEl Paso, TX 79907
13. All Precision Sheet Metal Works
6425 Boeing DrEl Paso, TX 79925
14. Air Tex Heating Cooling & Sheetmetal
241 S Zaragoza RdEl Paso, TX 79907
15. all precision sheet metal works
3505 Lee Blvd building BEl Paso, TX 79936
16. Central Industrial Sheet Metal Works
Serving the El Paso Area.
From Business: Since 1924 we have provided quality custom fabrication of a wide range of sheet metal products. We support major manufactures around the country with our Engineer…
17. Camacho Sheet Metal
7001 Doniphan DrCanutillo, TX 79835
18. Canutillo Sheet Metal Shop
7130 Doniphan DrCanutillo, TX 79835
19. Montes Sheet Metal
714 Dindinger RdSocorro, TX 79927
PREFERRED
20. Texas Toolmakers Inc
Serving the El Paso…
We found20resultsPerkins and Perkins
13 Poplar St Statesboro, Georgia 30458
Print | Save | Directions
AboutPerkins and Perkins is located at the address 13 Poplar St in Statesboro, Georgia 30458. Perkins and Perkins specializes in Terraces, Walkways, Porches.
Perkins and Perkins has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .For more information contact Jessie Perkins, Manager
Perkins and Perkins provides Additions, Design & Engineering, Concrete Construction to it's customers. For maps and directions to Perkins and Perkins view the map to the right. For reviews of Perkins and Perkins see below.
Business Features
PRODUCTS
- Dehumidifiers , Natural Stone , Concrete , Carpet runners , Asphalt , Lumber , Coatings , Windows , Insulation , Gravel
SERVICES
- Concrete Construction , Oriental Rug Cleaning , Rock Work / Stone Work , Construction Services , Mold Removal , Restorations , Additions , Design & Engineering , Closeouts , Bacteria Removal
BRANDS
- Karastan , Congoleum , Andersen , Harris Tarkett , Wilsonart , Mannington , Bruce , Teflon , RX20 , Energy Star
SPECIALTIES
- Sunrooms , Hotels , Porches , Custom Construction , Kitchens , Terraces , Silk , Commercial , Walls , Walkways
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 8
Exact Sales Volume: 750000
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews
Key Contacts
- Jessie Perkins
- MANAGER
- Phone: (912) 489-6721Community Hlthcare Med Clinic
1688 Pond Ridge Rd Murphysboro, Illinois 62966(618) 684-3584
Print | Save | Directions
AboutCommunity Hlthcare Med Clinic is located at the address 1688 Pond Ridge Rd in Murphysboro, Illinois 62966. They can be contacted via phone at (618) 684-3584 for pricing, hours and directions.
Community Hlthcare Med Clinic has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .
For maps and directions to Community Hlthcare Med Clinic view the map to the right. For reviews of Community Hlthcare Med Clinic see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (618) 684-3584
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 240000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Phoenix Clinic For Women
628 N 14th St Murphysboro, Illinois 62966
Marion Eye Centers Ltd Inc
1934 Walnut St Murphysboro, Illinois 62966
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsAsk. Wherever there’s a perceived gap in any of those three areas, Background Screening Firms always want to ‘shorten the gap’ as a means of getting court information in the best way possible. To that end, SJV has taken the next step in shortening this gap for our customers…we utilize a direct source method we call our ‘Proprietary Researcher Network’..Few things will make a child shriek in pain like a sting from a nasty wasp.
And for kids clambering over the playground climber at the Cherry Beach Sports Fields on Unwin Ave., the foul-tempered insects are a serious threat.
A reader emailed to say wasps have taken up residence in the ground anchor for a climbing net that’s attached to a wooden play structure resembling a pirate ship.
“I saw a small girl get stung and then her dad biked to a drugstore to find her an antihistamine,” said the reader.
We went there and saw lots of wasps buzzing around the ship-shaped climber, other parts of the playground and even temporary toilets nearby.
While shooting photos, we twice brushed off wasps that landed on us, and had to keep a sharp eye on others that were flying in and out of recessed areas beneath plastic caps covering the top of posts on the climber.
Several families arrived while we were there, expecting to turn their kids loose on the climber, but shooed them away from it when we pointed out the wasps.
Wasps are no laughing matter and can be deadly to people allergic to the sting.
A University of Kentucky website says wasps “are a potential health threat,” noting that “hundreds (perhaps thousands) of people in the U.S. die each year from allergic reactions to the venom of these insects.”
It says wasps and hornets “are more dangerous and unpredictable than honey bees and should be treated with respect,” adding that they are “extremely aggressive when they are disturbed.”
Imagine if a small child was stung whose parents had yet to learn that their kid was allergic.
STATUS: James Dann, who’s in charge of waterfront parks, sent out workers to look into it as soon as we told him about it. He called the next day to say a nest had been found in the climber and eradicated. Let’s hope there aren’t any more.
What’s broken in your neighbourhood? Wherever you are in Greater Toronto, we want to know. To email us, go to and click on the “submit a problem” link. Or call us at 416-869-4823.Cougar Pallet
13417 Aldine Westfield Road
Houston, TX 77039
(281) 442-1177
cpallet@sbcglobal.net
*** Please Contact Us for Free Estimate or Consultation ***
ISPM-15 Certified
Custom New Pallets
Hardwood or Pine
We can help design a pallet to fit your needs. We custom build using hardwood or pine. No quantity is too large or small.
Used Pallets
We have 3½ acres storage space for our used pallets that are ready for prompt shipment. We carry an assortment of sizes including some plastic pallets. We also recycle and custom build to meet any odd size pallet you may need.
Specialty Pallets
We can custom design and engineer any pallet to fulfill your specialized needs. If it can be made from wood...we can build it.Although Quito is 15 miles south of the equator, it is quite cold at night because of the high elevation (9,530 feet). We were told that Chichico would not survive in Quito. For his bed, I filled two wine bottles with hot water and covered them with a towel and placed them in the night stand next to my bed. I wrapped Chichico in a piece of flannel, and over that a rabbit fur. I lulled him to sleep in my arms (which took about 30 minutes), and gently laid the sleeping hunk of monk on his warm bed.
I had little sweaters finely-knit for him—a wardrobe of cool city clothes. His tiny sweaters when laid flat, measured 2-1/2 inches by 2-1/2 inches. His favorite one was gold with brown trim. The first time I dressed him in the red sweater with white trim, Chichico cried shrilly as if he were being electrocuted. He tried to chew it off. We were stunned, but our young neighbor observed, "No wonder! It looks like a fairy sweater." And our man Chichico was very macho.
I gave Chichico a bath and let him run loose in the room. When I went downtown with him tucked inside my coat, people thought I was talking to my arm pit.
Chichico went everywhere with us. He would not tolerate being alone.
One day he got loose in a shoe store where he knocked down a display of a dozen purses and plastic holders. The employees thought he was so cute, it didn't matter.
We stopped at a fruit stand for watermelon. In a flash Chichico padded all over my big piece of watermelon, so I let him eat it and ordered another one for myself. We munched on pieces of equal size. He ate it all, right down to the white part. After that I didn't dare hold him.
Since we were only a block from home I let him run on his own two, or was it four, feet. The leash was two meters long. Chichico was in a hurry. He dragged me as fast as I could follow. I felt as if I had a Great Dane on the end of the string, but passing cars probably thought I had nothing on it. The day in the big city was almost too much for Chichico. He ate a chicken leg and crawled into bed and pulled his covers over himself.
Chichico liked to be where the action was—and to be the center of it. He was "on" all the time and needed a human audience so he could show off. Although he was always busy—very, very busy—he could be still for hours, in rapt attention in a theater. He loved to watch movies and Inca dancing.
Otherwise, Chichico was constantly active and into everything. When I bawled him out for some misdeed, he chirped happily and ignored me—pretending it didn't concern him. But he was capable of being deeply hurt when he felt an injustice was done to him. When Terry and I discussed Chichico's future, about how impossible it would be to get him across borders, his unhappy glassy stare was pathetic. He was so intelligent, I thought that if his insect- catching tongue weren't so long, he could talk.
If Chichico saw a fly too far away to catch, he chirped to us, begging us to get it for him. Usually his eyes were innocent, cute and playful. He could also look ferocious. When he was tired, he put his arms around my neck and hung there like a necklace.
In a restaurant, I tied Chichico to the table leg. In a flash he jumped into my lap and grabbed food from my plate. I picked him up and confronted him nose to nose, scolding him. He shrieked back louder but he knew he was being naughty and gave back the food. Then he pacified himself by bouncing a 'rumba' on my ankle—as we delicately alluded to his self-sexual activity.
I wasn't the only one who fought with Chichico over food. In a taxi, he stole a gum drop from Terry and they fought over it like kids. A gum drop for him was the size of a watermelon for us. Chichico feasted on flies, moths, cockroaches (when available) and fruit. His teeth were very human looking (no fangs) but his tongue was long and fast when he zapped an insect. When giving him medicine for his parasites, I tried to hold his mouth open but his long insect-catching tongue kept flinging out the pill. The solution was a banana sandwich with the pill tucked inside.Roselyn A.M.
Personality Change - Poem by Roselyn A.M.
I know a talkative woman
Who fell in love with a dumb man
All she has to do now
Is to make signs and nod
Oh, she has turned into a dumb woman.
Read this poem in other languages
This poem has not been translated into any other language yet.
I would like to translate this poem »
Poem Submitted: Tuesday, August 24,We had an absolutely wonderful time on our tour with Cinzia. She was very accommodating with what we wanted to see and what we already knew and worked that information into her tour. She understood when our children got a bit tired and altered our itinerary to suit them. She is very knowledgeable and passionate and answered all of our questions easily and respectfully. She made the tour very interesting for our children and directed much of her speaking to them so they always felt included. Our main concern was that our kids were engaged and interested and educated and Cinzia definitely achieved that. We would definitely recommend your company to other people. We found out about it on Trip Advisor. The booking process was very simple and very organised and my emails were responded to very promptly. We felt that everything was clearly outlined for us and we knew exactly what to expect.
Thank you once again!
Queensland, Australia1995 Legislative Session: 4th Session, 35th Parliament
FIRST READING
The following electronic version is for informational purposes only.
The printed version remains the official version.
MS. SUE HAMMELL
WHEREAS the preservation and conservation of heritage property in the province of British Columbia is an important public good which affirms the rich history of the province;
WHEREAS the government of British Columbia recognizes the importance of reforestation of logged-off land in the province;
AND WHEREAS the inaugural plantation at Green Timbers represents the first forest plantation in the history of British Columbia;
HER MAJESTY, by and with the advice and consent of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of British Columbia, enacts as follows:
1 This Act may be cited as the "Green Timbers Heritage Act".
2 For the purposes of this Act
"Inaugural Plantation" refers to that area of land outlined in schedule 1, and the trees and other vegetation contained in that area.
3 The Inaugural Plantation at Green Timbers is hereby designated a Provincial heritage site under Section 4. (1) (a) of the Heritage Conservation Act.
4 This Act comes into force by regulation of the Lieutenant Governor in Council.
SCHEDULE 1
(See Printed Version for Map)
Set in the centre of Surrey's urban development, the Green Timbers Forest Plantation consists of trees planted from seedlings in the first attempt at reforestation in the history of British Columbia. Green Timbers is also the site of the province's first production tree nursery, which has supplied saplings for distribution throughout the province since 1930 and continues to do so today.
The inaugural plantation ceremony, which took place on March 15th,1930, symbolized the government's commitment to replanting logged-off land. The Act, which recognizes the important provincial heritage of the inaugural plantation by designating it a heritage site, reaffirms the government's continuing commitment to reforestation in the Province of British Columbia.
[ Return to: Legislative Assembly Home Page ]VLT Survey Telescope.- Deus Ex’ Will Be a ‘Realistic’ Cyberpunk Movie, Not Noir Like ‘Blade Runner’
SR Pick: Short Film ‘Dig’ Starring Mark Margolis of ‘Breaking Bad’
New ‘Iron Man 3’ LEGO Sets Reveal Possible Spoilers
J.J. Abrams and Valve Teaming Up; ‘Half-Life’ and ‘Portal’ Movies in the Works?
‘World War Z’ Super Bowl Trailer
Frank Darabont Talks About His ‘Godzilla’ Script
‘The Last Stand’ Screenwriter on Kim Ji-woon, His Favorite Arnold Movies & More
Warner Bros. Planning ‘The Odyssey’ in Space
Christopher Nolan in Talks to Direct Sci-Fi Film ‘Interstellar’
New Clip from Pixar Short ‘The Blue Umbrella’
Joseph Gordon-Levitt Joins ‘Sin City 2’; Won’t Star in ‘Guardians of the Galaxy’
Hayley Atwell Won’t Appear in ‘Captain America 2’
J.J. Abrams Explains Why He Didn’t Want ‘Star Wars: Episode 7’ Directing Job
‘Anchorman 2’ Gets a Release Date
James Franco Doubts He’ll Return for ‘Dawn of the Planet of the Apes’
‘Star Trek Into Darkness’ Extended IMAX Preview Locations
‘Salt 2’ Gets a New Writer
First Trailer for Tom Cruise Sci-Fi Film ‘Oblivion’
‘Stranger Than Fiction’ Writer Zach Helm Hired to Script ‘Jumanji’ Remake
Disney Moves Forward with ‘Tron: Legacy’ Sequel; Hires New Writer
Producer Chris Morgan Discusses ‘Legend of Conan’ Themes & Plot
Six-Minute Red Band Clip from ‘The Collection’; Interview with Cast & Writers
Final ‘Django Unchained’ Trailer is Action-Packed
Rumor Patrol: Joseph Gordon-Levitt to Play Batman in ‘Justice League’
Marcus Dunstan & Patrick Melton Talk ‘God of War’ Movie and Other ProjectsRELATED STORIES
The Income Tax Department on Tuesday slapped charges under Benami Transaction Act against Lalu Prasad Yadav’s wife Rabri Devi, daughter Misa Bharti and Bihar deputy chief minister Tejashwi Yadav.
The department also issued a notice to recover assets worth Rs 9 crore. The department had attached 12 plots of Misa Bharti, her husband Shailesh, sister Ragini & Chanda, Bihar deputy CM Tejashwi Yadav. The market value of attached property is Rs. 175 crore, but the book value (purchase rate on records) of the property is Rs. 9.32 crores.
Reacting to the development, Tejashwi Yadav dubbed the action as a political vendetta and asserted that he has not hidden anything and ready to submit his reply if he gets summon.
Humne kuch nahi chupaya hai, humein bulaya jaayega toh hum jawab dene ke liye taiyyar hain: Bihar deputy CM Tejashwi Yadav pic.twitter.com/9XO2LrSSSE— ANI (@ANI_news) June 20, 2017
On Monday, the Income Tax department had.
The Income Tax had levied a penalty of Rs 10,000 against her for non-compliance of summons under section 131 of the Income Tax Act with a show cause notice to her in this regard.
Also Read | Fodder scam: RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav appears before special CBI court in Ranchi
The Income Tax Department had issued two summons to Misa Bharti to appear before Delhi investigation wing of the department but Bharti failed to appear. The department has seized properties raided in May., bach cello suite ringtone, aqud, ringtones in the iphone, cexacf, fido mp3 ringtone, 27109, yuvraj ringtone mp3, 9221, ringtones for lg lx160, 746, cingular ringtone download, >:-), sony ericsson k850 ringtones, fyuoah, free real ringtone att, ycpqb, bomchickawahwah ringtone, 8114, blackberry ringtone freeware, ksgm, audiovox 8900 ringtone download, 511979, nokia 6300 use my own ringtone, vuor, a56 phone ringtone siemens, :-P, michael myers ringtone, >:-P, cingular ringtone alert tones, :-], samsung polyphonic ring tones, 28936, ace attorney ringtones, 51985, kind of ringtones i830 nextel takes, gzfcgl, sweety the chick ringtone and video, sgig, barenaked ladies ringtone go home, gpyp,
You must be logged in to comment. Please login or register.Prentice Hall Federal Tax Course
1985 · NJ
NJ: Prentice, 1985. Very Good. Very good plus Light browning, rubbed. Please Note: This book has been transferred to Between the Covers from another database and might not be described to our usual standards. Please inquire for more detailed condition information. (Inventory #: 127163)If you’ve been thinking about doing an animated video production to promote your company, you’ve found an art form with a wide creative palette to express thoughts and ideas. It’s a creative path that many companies prefer to avoid having to hire real actors (or even non-actors) who may not translate ideas well enough on screen. This isn’t to say you shouldn’t hire voice actors in your animation since many professional ones know how to convey dialogue better than actors do who appear on screen.
Animation can basically bring your imagination to life and can help translate an idea about your company that would have been otherwise impossible. Regardless, some companies mix a little bit of live-action with animation to provide something creative. No matter your video plan, you still need to plan it out visually. Even if you decide to go with very basic animation, it’s essential to plan out a story that will grab people’s attention immediately.
The only way to see it before it becomes reality is to create a storyboard. This artistic concept has been around since the earliest days of animation. Many animators who work for feature films still use storyboards so the production staff can get a basic visual sense of how the whole movie will be put together. You might be surprised to know that even live action videos are frequently planned out with storyboards.
How should you convey your animation visuals in your storyboard so your production team understands every scene before production begins? Here at Epic Video Factory, one of our specialties is creating animated videos for companies, and we know how useful storyboards are.
Conveying Visuals in Storyboards
If you’ve ever seen old photographs of storyboards from the great animated studios like Disney, you’ll notice that not all of them look like the finished product. Most of them are just rough sketches to give everyone a good idea of how each pivotal scenes will look. But they’re still drawn well enough so you don’t have anyone confused as to what a particular object or character is.
When creating a storyboard, it’s important to have someone draw well enough where everything in the frame is clearly understood. Also, writing the dialogue under each frame is going to be essential so everyone can see what’s being said for each scene. This text should be very legible in Sharpie ink so everyone on the production team knows every word.
Whether or not you want to use color in your storyboard is a matter of personal preference. It can help considerably if you have a lot of vivid color in your animated video representing your brand. Using branding colors in your video can help your production team get a strong feel for the overall visual style you want.
Let us help you put together a professional animated video promoting your company here at Epic Video Factory. We’ll work closely with you putting together a compelling storyboard first so you’ll know exactly how it’s going to look before the real work starts.
Contact us so we can tell you more about our animated video productions and how our procedure works. With our expert creative team, we can put together a video in any category, including live action for use online or other media outlets.How.
Our infographic today comes to us from LiCo Energy Metals,C) and retains its strength to a high temperature.
Similar to iron or nickel, cobalt is ferromagnetic. It can retain its magnetic properties to 1100°C, a higher temperature than any other material. Ferromagnetism is the strongest type of magnetic drives 49% of demand – and most of this comes from cobalt’s usage in lithium-ion battery cathodes:
Mobile phones (LCO)The three most powerful cathode formulations for li-ion batteries all need cobalt. As a result, the metal is indispensable in many of today’s battery-powered devices.
- Tesla Model S (NCA)
- Tesla Powerwall (NMC)
- Chevy Volt (NMC/LMO)
The Tesla Powerwall 2 uses approximately 7kg, and a Tesla Model S (90 kWh) uses approximately 22.5kg of the energy metal.
THE COBALT SUPPLY CHAIN
Cobalt production has gone almost straight up to meet demand, and production has more than doubled since the early 2000s.
But while the metal is desired, getting it is the hard part:
1. No native cobalt has ever been found in nature.
There are four widely-distributed ores that exist, but almost no cobalt is mined from them as a primary source.
THE FUTURE OF COBALT SUPPLY
Companies like Tesla and Panasonic need reliable sources of the metal, and right now there aren’t many failsafes.
The U.S. hasn’t mined cobalt in significant volumes since 1971, and the USGS reports that the United States, corrupt, and most coercive countries) – A foreign invasion by Rwanda that overthrew the Mobutu regime.
- Second Congo War (1998-2003) – The bloodiest conflict in world history since WW2 hrs with physically demanding work, earning $2 per day.
Meanwhile, Amnesty International alleges that Apple, Samsung, and Sony fail to do basic checks in making sure the metal in their supply chains did not come from child labor. to regions like Ontario, Idaho, British Columbia, and the Northwest Territories to find tomorrow’s deposits:
Ontario: Ontario is one of the only places in the world where cobalt-primary mines that have existed. This camp is nearby the aptly named town of Cobalt, Ontario, which is located halfway between Sudbury – the world’s “Nickel Capital”, and Val-d’Or, one of the most famous gold camps in the world.
Idaho: Idaho is known as the “Gem State” while also being known for its silver camps in Couer D’Alene – but it has also been a cobalt producer in the past.
BC: The mountains of British Columbia are known for their rich gold, silver, copper, zinc, and met coal deposits. But cobalt often occurs with copper, and some mines in BC have produced cobalt in the past.
Northwest Territories: Cobalt can also be found up north, as the NWT becomes a more interesting mineral destination for companies. 160km from Yellowknife is a gold-cobalt-bismuth-copper deposit being developed.
Credit: JEFF DESJARDINS
>Zines are fun, have no rules and are self-published! All you need or not need it a peice of paper, pen/pencil and a creative mind. It’s a little like a magazine but you fold it. Anyway you want but you dont HAVE to 🙂 I, Ruby is doing a Zine on CANDY BOOK! (most things of candy, chocolate ect.) and Zine #1 Fly Away 🙂 Search up Zine and begin the creation!
Advertisements106 - 5055 Springs Boulevard, Tsawwassen MLS®: R2214685
$1,139,000
Open House: Sunday 21st January: 2:00-4:00pm
Elegant ground floor 3 bedroom in all concrete, Leed building. Great layout with all bedrooms separate and a huge open concept living, dining room and kitchen area. All with unobstructed views of the North Shore mountains, lake and fountains framed by the 14th and 16th holes on prized Tsawwassen Springs golf course. High end S/S appliances, upgrade lighting and granite counters in Kitchen with an excellent eating bar. A large covered patio for year round enjoyment in a relaxing atmosphere.
Taxes (2017): $3,758.90
Amenities
- Air Cond./Central
- Bike Room
- Club House
- Elevator
- Exercise Centre
- In Suite Laundry
Features
- Air Conditioning
- ClthWsh
- Dryr
- Frdg
- Stve
- DW
- Drapes
- Window Coverings
- Security - RI
- Sprinkler - Fire
- Storage Shed
Site Influences
- Cul-de-Sac
- Golf Course Dev.
-.5 Ways to Stop Hackers from Stealing Your Photos – Or Your IdentityOnce again, the tabloids are having a field day with stories about nude photos of celebrities stolen by hackers and spread across the Internet. Despite what some B-list celebrities are saying, it isn’t blaming the victim to point out that if you don’t want compromising photos of yourself spread all over the Internet, then it’s best not to store them in a public digital archive accessible to hackers — or at least to take some simple steps to protect them.
Whether you want to protect nude photos, or protect your reputation from identity thieves and hackers, consumer Cloud storage sites like iCloud, Dropbox, and Google Drive are obvious targets for hackers.
But even if you use a public Cloud storage site, there are easy-to-use tools and techniques that can keep you from becoming a victim. It starts with selecting the most secure storage system available. There are services like Box that are just as easy and inexpensive to use but much more secure because they encrypt files when they are stored.
Personally, I store my photos on an external drive that cost about $75 and has a terabyte of storage space. It backs up photos, video and music files twice a week freeing up space on my laptop and desktop and making sure that my media files aren’t lost in a hard drive crash. I use Box for off-site storage of my documents and other data.
Don’t Make it Easy for Hackers
Many of us make things all too easy for hackers. Public Wi-Fi, for instance, isn’t for private information. Use that free Wi-Fi at Starbucks or the airport to watch funny videos or keep up with your friends on social media — but don’t use it to pay your credit card bill. It’s much easier for a hacker to get into a public network than a more secure network — and with a public Wi-Fi system, you have no idea how secure it is.
Another simple way to make life harder for hackers is not to save your sign-in details and passwords on your hard drive — especially not on a laptop, smartphone or tablet. Mobile devices are much more likely to be lost or stolen than desktop systems — so why give the thief a free pass to all of your online log-ins as well as your hardware?
Last, but not least, take care when you’re clicking on a link shared by someone you don’t know, or don’t know well. Hackers who get access to someone’s email address usually get access to their address book, too — so if you get an email from someone you weren’t expecting to hear from, or if the subject seems off, think twice before clicking on any links. Even if the link is from a “trusted source”, take a second to take a close look at the link before you click. A slight misspelling in the link, or a link that doesn’t look right, is a big danger sign.
Remember that a genuine commercial website usually ends with the company name, followed by a period and one of the common extensions like .com, .biz, .tv, .me, .edu, etc. For instance, sites like Facebook, WordPress, IMDB, and many others allow users to create personalized pages. The personalized name will still include the company name – or.
The part of the address that includes the .com, .me, .edu, .biz or other extension is the company that owns the website — so if you see a URL like, it doesn’t lead to Amazon.com — it leads to “freestuffyoudontneed.com”. Entering your Amazon.com password on that site gives someone else access to your Amazon.com account — including any stored credit card information.
The Hacker You Know
There are well-organized criminal gangs who make millions through identity and data theft, and “thrill-seeking” hackers who target celebrities for the notoriety that comes with “leaking” images or just poking through the private lives behind the public image. But the truth is that most victims know the person who hacks into their system.
In fact, the number of cases where significant others post compromising photos of their exes online is so high that revenge porn is rapidly becoming a common subject of litigation and legislation. Of course, the search for compromising photos is just one reason that exes (former lovers or spouses, friends, employees, or co-workers) attempt to access the accounts of those they are targeting.
One of the most famous cases was when reality TV star Kate Gosselin sued her ex husband Jon Gosselin after he acquired data from her computer. Dallas Attorney Shawn E. Tuma represented Jon in the resulting litigation, and he says that data breaches are becoming increasingly common in family law situations. “One spouse may go looking in a former spouse’s computer files for hidden assets, proof of infidelity, or for any kind of damaging information that might become part of a child custody battle,” Tuma says.
“It seems like common sense to aware that there might be a divorce in the works, but many people don’t take even the most basic steps to protect themselves.”
But it isn’t just former spouses or lovers who can use their knowledge of your online habits, accounts, passwords, and “security questions” to access your files. So can former employees (domestic or office), co-workers, and friends.
The best protection against the hacker you know is to keep your passwords private, and use the tools and techniques that make it harder for them to guess them. A family friend, Gayla Patterson, runs a cleaning servce here in Dallas. She’s one of the most honest people I know — the kind of person who would pick up a stack of loose hundred dollar bills, dust underneath it, and then return the stack to the exact spot where it was when she first saw it.
She says that lists of passwords taped to the bottom of laptops or to the side of a routers or modems are quite common. “I’m not a computer genius,” she added, “But I know better than that!”
Is your housekeeper or babysitter (and her boyfriend) as honest as Gayla? What about all of your teenager’s friends? Every guest at every party? Maybe — but it’s a very bad idea to write down passwords and post them where anyone who walks by can see them. Use a password management tool instead of a sticky note.
You don’t have to be a celebrity to be victimized by a hacker. A businesswoman I know lost her job after she engaged in an affair with the husband of a friend. The angry wife found an email on her husband’s phone, then used the “Forgot your password” tool to access her email, and forward compromising messages and photos to the “other woman’s” boss, family, and a lawyer hired for the divorce caused by the affair.
It’s so easy, anyone can do it. Once you have someone’s “free mail” account (Gmail or any other public email service), just attempt to log on, and follow the security prompts to change the password. Most of the standard security questions rely on biographical information that any celebrity stalker (or former friend) can figure out in seconds.
The “other woman” used used the common security question, “What was your high school mascot?” for her email account. She forgot that she had told her former friend where she went to high school, and a Google search on the school’s name quickly supplied the right answer.
The moral of this story (aside from not having an affair with your friend’s spouse) is simple: if you are going to use a free mail email address, instead of picking a security question that anyone who knows you could guess easily, create your own security question (if allowed).
If the system doesn’t let you create your own ultra-secret security question, create an answer that only you know. For example, if the security question is, “What was your high school mascot?” Instead of answering “the Eagles”, type 3@GeeLea## or something similar that uses at least three kinds of characters: numbers, letters, and special characters.
Can’t remember all those special characters? Lie.
Instead of admitting that your high school mascot was the Eagles, or that your mother’s maiden name was Smith, say that your high school mascot was a Badger (mascot of Hufflepuff House at Hogwarts), or that your mother’s maiden name is Windsor, Romanov, or Orange-Nassau. (Obviously, if you’re a well-known Harry Potter fan or royal watcher, don’t pick an easy to guess name.)
The more outrageous the lie, the better, especially if a “friend”, co-worker, or former significant other attempts to access your accounts.
Proper Passwords Protect Your Pictures
Hackers use a wide range of “cracking” tools to guess passwords. So the better your password, the less likely it is that your personal photos, correspondence, financial information, and personal data will be compromised by a hacker. The best passwords are (a) long (b) complex, with 3 or 4 different types of characters and (c) made up of words or phrases not found in a standard dictionary.
Most systems require you to have a password that is at least 8 characters in length — but longer passwords are better. Some security experts recommend passwords of 16-24 characters in length. Did you know that you can use a complete phrase as a “password”, since most systems allow spaces or underscores to separate words? A favorite quote or memorable movie line can work if you remember to include special characters. Here are some examples, but don’t use them as your new password.
- W3_h@ve_N0thing_to_F3@rXc3pT_F3@r_Its3LF! (We have nothing to fear except fear itself! Standard English quote with some letters replaced by special characters.)
- “Veni,_vidi,_VISA” (I came, I saw, I shopped. Words not found in a standard English dictionary because the first two are Latin, divided by underscores and punctuation marks, with other special characters at the beginning and end.)
- I <3 “la ville des lumières”! (I love the “city of lights”! — a mixture of special characters and French — a language I don’t speak.)
The more unusual and complex your password, the harder it is for a hacker to gain access to your accounts. Also, make sure to use a different password for every online service you use. Yes, I know, it’s hard to remember a dozen passwords — but it’s just asking for trouble if you use the same password for your bank account and your Facebook account, or your work email and your Twitter account.
Again, there are effective, simple tools that can help you manage your passwords. Check out Neil Reubenking’s new article in PC Magazine on the best password management software tools, and pick the one that works for your needs. As Reubenking says, “In these days of hacks, Heartbleed, and endless breaches, a strong, unique, and often-changed password for every site is even more imperative. A password manager can help you attain that goal.”
Add a Single-Purpose Email Account
5 Ways to Stop Hackers from Stealing Your Photos – Or Your IdentitySomething like 60% of adult PC users have an email address that they use only for junk mail — I use mine for those sites that require a “valid email address” to access content or download something. But having special purpose email addresses can be a good protection against hackers and phishing scams, too.
A phishing scam is when someone sends you an email telling you that your eBay password has been compromised and needs to be changed, or that your bank needs you to call a toll-free number and verify your online password or something like that. Of course, the email isn’t from eBay or your bank — it’s from a criminal who is “phishing” (fishing) for information that will make you the latest victim in an identity theft ring. One of the easiest ways to avoid these kinds of scams is with special-purpose email addresses used ONLY for communication with a specific entity.
I have special purpose email addresses that I use only with my bank, credit card companies, and broker — so if I get an email address as my “everyday” email address that purports to come from my bank, it’s obviously a fraud.
5 Tricks to Beat Hackers
To summarize, the five tricks recommended in this blog post to make things harder for hackers include:
- Store sensitive material offline — or, if you use Cloud storage, use a service that encrypts your files when they are stored.
- Use long (12-24 character), hard-to-crack passwords with 3 or 4 different kinds of characters (numbers, lower and upper case letters, special characters, and spaces or underscores).
- Don’t write down your passwords or store them on your mobile devices.
- Avoid using common biographical information (like your mother’s maiden name, or the name of your high school’s sports mascot) to answer security questions designed to allow your online passwords to be reset. If you can’t make up your own security question, lie.
- Use different passwords for each online site, and use a password management tool to keep track of them and prompt you to change them regularly.
Four of these five techniques are absolutely free — and the last one, a password management tool, is very affordable compared to the high cost of identity theft or the other potential costs to your reputation of having your private information stolen (and potentially shared) by a hacker.
Are these five techniques a guarantee that your online data will never be compromised? No — the hackers aren’t stupid, and they constantly come up with new ways to prey on their victims. But they definitely make most of us less attractive targets.
Graphics credit: The illustrations of the faces with binary code on top was offered on Pixabay under a Creative Commons license that does not require attribution or credit.
This article was syndicated from Business 2 Community: 5 Ways to Stop Hackers from Stealing Your Photos – Or Your Identity
More Tech articles from Business 2 Community:When I first heard the news that Ling Tosite Sigure was going to release, es or s, on their Official Twitter I was ecstatic! Rumor had it from what I take to be longtime Ling Tosite Sigure fans that they are a band that releases new music material in rather long interval ouputs. If they release something in 2010 they might not release another full-length album until let’s say 2013. That to me is a long wait especially if you are like me, a 1994 millennial generation Ling Tosite Sigure fan, who cannot always be accounted for being patient. So this new release unusualness was quite the pleasant surprise since I am always up for more of Ling Tosite Sigure’s brand of Rock.
I mean why wouldn’t I be?
Like everyone I have musical preferences or biases. Music after all cannot be “musically objectively good”. Anyone who says otherwise is in denial. Think about if there is passion behind music than likely this is due to music being individualistic, more than anything. As such rock, classical, electronica, opera, and some pop are my preferred music genres. I have listened to tons of Pop especially more mainstream stuff but I never was capable of connecting with the likes of Katy Perry or other artists since their self expressions as individuals in the end did not prove authentic. Basically to me genre does not matter as long as a music artist is trying to be highly experimental and thus capable of creating something original. I am not someone who likes to listen to music based on liking one band to another with a similar sound like most regular individuals. I want to have variances in sound and rare singing voices from one music artist/band to another. Ling Tosite Sigure offer exactly this.
They are one of the few bands that are creating this unimaginably graceful, Rock bursting with uninhibited passion. And I don’t know about you but sure I listen to a lot of rock from U2 (more commercially successful) to Broken Bells (more on the indie rock spectrum) but Ling Tosite Sigure’s rock is breaking a whole new realm within Rock music itself. All very good since even for us Rock appreciators, Rock, can get formulaic. Not that it is all bad since at the very least us Rock appreciators can stick to agreeing that all Rock has at least more musical richness than most run-of-the-mill music. Given that I am always ready for more from the band or even TK (TK from Ling Tosite Sigure) himself. All for selfish reasons, of course, since I know no other composer can create this kind of music but TK.
With that in mind, this latest mini album release by Sony Music Associated Records includes: 1. SOSOS, 2. Mirror Frustration, 3. Karma Siren, 4. Tornado Mystery, and 5. end roll fiction. All these songs were as stated on numerous Ling Tosite Sigure news sources all recorded in the legendary Hansa Studios in Berlin, Germany. This recording studio ironically has been walked upon by my personal favorite rock band U2 and another known music artist to the public, David Bowie.
This particular music release released September 2. 2015 on Regular Edition and Limited Edition. I chose the Limited Edition since I love whenever TK can further put to use his excellent, photography skills into photobook releases showing that TK is a man of many talents. Even more important is that Sony Music Associated Records knows how to release very attractive music releases with class, as to quote another Ling Tosite Sigure fan. Though at this time I am unaware of the music release in Limited Edition. While my order has shipped I have yet to receive it via mail. So moving on! I’ll get to the Limited Edition presentation at another time under es or s Limited Edition by Ling Tosite Sigure Review [Extended Edition]. The fact that you are getting this earlier review of es or s is simply because Sony Music Associated Records has made es or s available on Amazon.com Music. I know, I know. Rejoice!
Now with this newest release I am incredibly lucky that leading up towards the release I immersed myself into listening to Ling Tosite Sigure’s past music (Best of Tornado) a bit more and what I noticed surprised even me. I am not sure what it is but I started to hear a barely there but noticeable tremble underneath the music. Making me see that while not perceivable it becomes more and more noticeable as you listen to Ling Tosite Sigure music. The powerful musical tremors of Ling Tosite Sigure!
As a whole Ling Tosite Sigure music creates wonderful sceneries which one could argue are stories unto themselves through simply their music (a 7days wonder, Ling Tosite Sigure). This is a band that is showing you rather than telling you these stories. After all with Ling Tosite Sigure’s music this is the type of music that is beyond imagining at times. Music where you can actually feel the movement.
es or s is for certain Ling Tosite Sigure grappling out into a Rock with a poppier direction. Hey, even if Ling Tosite Sigure is getting more on the Pop territory they still manage to maintain their original signature sound. It’s all about their sound.
The es or s songs in a Breakdown
SOSOS: Originally when I heard this on Youtube when the SOSOS fragment was released I did not like hearing it at all. At first I found the song’s movement boring and then I felt guilty for thinking like that toward TK’s music since I do so admire his work. So a day later I gave SOSOS about 8 new listens and then some. Then I liked the music and the singing except the lyrics, I realized. In a breakdown, the lyrics lack strength. Which is truly sad since TK is an excellent wordsmith. Usually what happens when I listen to Ling Tosite Sigure’s music I can picture something from the music but this did not happen with SOSOS. Music: Exceptional | Lyrics: Lack strength despite me not understanding any Japanese. | Singing: TK and 345’s singing is still as lovely as ever.
Mirror Frustration: Mirror Frustration is quite beautiful in opening. Very easy to move to or dance to. While some would go as far as to call this literal Pop, it undoubtedly gets bombarded by TK’s hard-edged guitar playing. Oh, and 345’s singing in Mirror Frustration is quite the beauty! 345’s singing even in small doses can totally change the tilt of a Ling Tosite Sigure song. To me, Mirror Frustration, is a marrying of Rock and danceable Pop in the right measure. Never allowing it to overpower the song toward one direction.
Karma Siren: Karma Siren is a song I don’t necessarily like the music but all can be forgiven when TK says “Karma Siren” so invitingly.
My Personal Favorite Songs from es or s
1) Mirror Frustration
2) Tornado Mystery
3) Karma Siren
Thus musically es or s is beautiful like most of TK’s music compositions. For those who are compatible with TK’s music composition imagining this is going to be another beloved release despite how es or s was in dire need of better lyrics composition, mostly SOSOS. Look we all know TK excels in the music itself but the lyrics needed serious work. If the lyrics are weak justice is not given to TK and 345’s beautiful singing. This new direction leads us into a more poppier sound, for sure. Ling Tosite Sigure has had two extremes in the past for the most part. A cleaner sound that was too raw in the early days and as they have progressed their musical sound has grown to be a more smoother sound, Pop? Since I am compatible with TK’s musical direction 100% and everything he has produced from the most recent to the past, I’m okay with a lot as long as I get TK singing.
If anyone has their problems with TK’s singing voice, 345’s, or Pierre Nakano’s drumming then too bad. TK is someone with an alarmingly uncompromising singing voice be it uber sharp or soft and delicate. This goes for his musical vision as well. You either have to accept it, like I do or not. Then again this could be because I am always searching for music that is very original within a genre or even better across multiple genres through genre-blending. I mean musicians put out music and we either connect with their vision or not.
Music can be universal only to an extent and for those who do not connect with Ling Tosite Sigure’s music or nitpick, maybe, you are not the right listener for Ling Tosite Sigure and Ling Tosite Sigure are not the right music artists for you. So instead get out there and keep searching. The indie scene of music for certain has a lot to offer. Now considering music is largely preferential and thus biased this latest direction from Ling Tosite Sigure should be up to anyone’s liking who are deep appreciators of these, oh, so talented musicians.
My previous top appreciations: Best of Tornado Hyper Tornado Edition by Ling Tosite Sigure: Everything on Disc 1 except Enigmatic Feeling 2015 mix! Sounded too murky. Other than that, especially love Acoustic [Live], Sadistic Summer [Live], and TK in the Sunset (from Demo Tape) on Disc 3. just A moment by Ling Tosite Sigure. Abnormalize [Single] by Ling Tosite Sigure. Enigmatic Feeling [Single] by Ling Tosite Sigure. Who What Who What [Single] by Ling Tosite Sigure.
es or s Availability on Amazon US
Whole es or s mini album $4.95, es or s single song $0.99.
Edited on April 11, 2016 for better clarification since music is, in fact, so hard to review due to it being hard to conceptualize into words.
Sweet. Mirror Frustration sounds really good!
I know! Mirror Frustration is my most favorite from es or s. While the song is smoother it still has an occasional scream from TK and small looping guitar appearances. It’s a struggle to know which I love more Mirror Frustration or Tornado Mystery. Whereas Tornado Mystery is more innovative where you have overpowering but beautiful guitar playing, Mirror Frustration, on the other hand has great replay value.The prestigious University of Siena chooses Axis for e-learning.
Mission
The prestigious University of Siena, among the Italian universities with the most innovative results in research, teaching and services, wanted to strengthen face-to-face teaching, guaranteed within the area of the existing academic facilities at Siena, with forms of remote teaching that could be used synchronously by the students, offering them the possibility of interacting with the lecturer from specially equipped lecture halls.
Solution
After various studies, analysis and comparisons to find a state-of-the-art system that could be integrated with the existing infrastructure and was capable of efficiently running in historic venues that, architecturally speaking, are not optimized for e-learning, the university chose PTZ network cameras from AXIS V59
Series, designed for professional streaming and webcasting audio and video.
Result
Courses can now be followed completely interactively from specially equipped lecture halls, simultaneously with the lectures given in Siena. In addition, the recorded lectures remain available to institutional users for asynchronous consultation, together with the documentation produced by the lecturers, via the university e-learning platform, in this way extending the courses offered and making them available throughout southern Tuscany.
A historic university that looks to the future
“In the current-day system of knowledge, Wikipedia certainly has an important role,” says Professor Angelo Riccaboni, Rector of the University of Siena, who adds, “So, if we look at Wikipedia, ours is among oldest universities in the world; this is a very important aspect, as the year of founding (in our case, 1240) is often considered synonymous with quality and reputation, and so we are very proud to have no less than 775 years.
This doesn’t mean we neglect what’s new, in fact, we are often appreciated precisely for the close relationship of very traditional and historical aspects with modern, cutting-edge equipment and systems. I think that the secret of our university and the ability to last for over seven centuries is: always put together a very strong respect for tradition with that for innovation”.
In order to help the job prospects of students in real terms, the University of Siena considers everything that exposes them to digital topics and new technologies offers a decisive contribution, and that e-learning was and is a project of primary importance.
“Naturally, there are technical and structural aspects to take into account: the historic buildings do not offer a location designed with e-learning in mind,” considers Fabrizio Di Fuccia, University of Siena Library System Area System Manager, who personally followed product selection.
“We have known Axis for some time: the sturdiness and versatility of the hardware are two well-known attributes,” he added. Initially, for filming events, fifteen AXIS Q6045-E Mk II Network Cameras were installed; these are very useful as they are high-speed, have HDTV 1080p resolution, 32x zoom and intelligent video functions, including backlighting compensation, a fundamental feature in e-learning.
Di Fuccia explains, “In the lecture hall, there is a projector screen behind the lecturer forming a strong light source, inserted however in a dark environment because the lights are switched off for the attending students: the variability of the ambient light represented quite a challenge, to which these cameras have responded very well”.
Moving to a product created for professional streaming “The launching of AXIS V59 Network Cameras has brought another significant advantage: handling audio – now we are able to capture video and audio streams together, saving a lot of time. Where we can install the power supply, we always install these products,” continues Di Fuccia. AXIS V59 offers high-definition video with resolutions up to HDTV 1080p and a powerful 30x zoom, with optimized settings to produce high quality color video and high fidelity audio, and smooth PTZ controls, which operators can easily control from the camera’s web interface, making it possible to follow movements in live productions and to zoom in on details of interest; the open interface enables easily integrating other systems and sharing information with a wider public or to videoconference in peer-to-peer mode.
In cases where the structure of a building does not allow installing a power supply, the choice of the University of Siena falls on AXIS Q6115-E PTZ Dome Network Cameras, as they are compact, offer PoE, HDTV 1080p resolution, 30x optical zoom, and fast and precise pan/tilt performance to cover wide areas and provide good detail when zooming in, as well as handling audio. Different products, adaptable to different needs, one brand: versatility expressed as the possibility of integration and easy installation in an existing system, while being future-proof.September 11, 2001
We will never forget those who died, those who served, those who sacrificed, those who saved, and those who have been forever marked by the events of September 11, 2001
“He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High will rest in the shadow of the Almighty. I will say of the Lord, ‘He is my refuge and my fortress, my God, in whom I trust.'” Psalm 91:1-2
Advertisements
Donna,
This is a beautiful tribute to the victims of 9/11. Love the top photo of the poppies and the last lines from World War I poet, Laurence Binyon’s poem, “For The Fallen (Sept. 1914).
“They shall not grow old, as we that are left grow old:
Age shall not weary them, nor the years condemn.
At the going down of the sun and in the morning
We will remember them.”
By: Kathleen M. Rodgers on September 10, 2012
at 10:24 am mercury chained (12 reviews written)
I'm in two minds about All Saints and although I've said I would recommend them, it would come with a warning.
All Saints offer an edgier style of clothing than most high street shops and obviously a lot of work and effort goes into creating their unique designs. This is the reason I love this shop! However, these designs don't come cheap and I would be happy to pay the prices, if it wasn't for one problem - the quality.
Not everything they sell is of bad quality, don't get me wrong, but a… Read Full Review
As rated by our community of reviewers
" Fully Recommended! " 
Written by tobymaverickbrown
" Service on line " 
" Terrible company and even worst cusomer service " 
" Wedding day dress disappointment " 
Written by aybenmutlu
" Poor customer service " I don't have the 32 hack but I know litchi uses all 32 so I think I'm gonna do a test at the same location and direction and go as far as I can go using both apps to see which one holds video and signal the furthest... In theory litchi should in a contested area but will find out...anybody else tried this before? Sent from my iPhone using PhantomPilots mobile appWe Balabakya Nagar, Bala Bhakya Nagar, Tamil Nadu - 627001,
Post your Buy Requirement,
The company is a trusted Supplier of Women Health Care Syrup . Our Women Health Care Syrup is highly effective and safe product. The Women Health Care Syrup is generally prescribed by the patients with Prophylasis for iron & folic acid during pregnancy & lactation. We make the Women Health Care Syrup available at the most competitive price. Composition of MERIFOL PLUS 200ml/300ml : Ferric Ammonium Citrate + folic Aci
Sun Medical & Surgical
No-33, Naicker New Street, Tamil Nadu - 625001, India
Our organization offering best Cool Syrup supplying company.
Sgr 777 Foods Pvt Ltd
New No.48, (o.nio.146/2)rnhabibullah Road,rnt.nagar, Tamil Nadu - 600017, India
Deals in Liver Syrup, Herbal Medicines, Pain Oil
Spadix Bio Emporium
Old No-103, New No- 252, Seethakathi Street, Tamil Nadu , Antibiotic Medicines, Pharmaceutical Injections, Pharmaceutical Tablets, Pharmaceutical Capsules, Pharmaceutical Medicines, Cough Syrups
Javeed Pharma Distributor
No-2 Big Mass Street Kasba Vellore Vellore - 632001 Tamil Nadu India, Tamil Nadu , India
Deals in Pharmaceutical Capsules, Pharmaceutical Tablets, Cough Syrups, Pharmaceutical Injections, Antibiotic Medicines
Muthu Pharmacy
Door No-31 Gst Road Guindy Chennai - 600032 Tamil Nadu India, Tamil Nadu , India
Deals in Antibiotic Medicines, Pharmaceuticals Formulation, Cough Syrups, Pharmaceutical Bulk Drugs
Tablets (india) Limited
, Tamil Nadu - 600008, India
Deals in vitamin tablets, vicks gel, Baby Bottles, baby soaps, Baby Bottles, Baby Bottles, Baby Bottles, Cough Syrups, vitamin tablets, Sanitary Napkins, crocin, crocin, crocin, crocin, vicks gel, Medicines, Medicines, baby soaps, SYRUPS, SYRUPS
Ramesh Medicals
No. 37/32, Subburayan 4th Street, Otteri Perambur Barracks, Tamil Nadu - 600012, India
Deals in anti biotic, Multi Vitamin, calcium tablet, Cough Syrups, Pharmaceutical Medicine
Sulochana Agency
39, Sambantha Moorthy Street, Tamil Nadu - 625001, India
Deals in Health Drinks, Health Drinks, Health Drinks, SYRUPS, Cough Syrups, soaps, Pain Killer Tablets, Pain Killer Tablets, Baby Food Products, SYRUPS, Baby Food Products, Pain Killer Tablets, Cough Syrups, Baby Food Products, Cough Syrups, SYRUPS, soaps, soaps, Cough Syrups, Baby Food Products
S. M. Medicals
496, Mint Street., Tamil Nadu - 600079, India
Deals in Pharmaceutical Products, Cough Syrups, antibiotic tables, liquid medicines, INJECTIONS, INJECTIONS, antibiotic tables, Pharmaceutical Products, CAPSULES, liquid medicines, CAPSULES, antibiotic tables, Cough Syrups, INJECTIONS, CAPSULES, Pharmaceutical Products, liquid medicines, Cough Syrups
Dharsan Agencies
Plot No2/94, South Street, Varivan Kaval Road, Ariyalur Dist., Tamil Nadu - 621806, India
Deals in Cough Syrups, Ointment, Saridon, CAPSULES, Gelatin Tablets, disprin, Pain Killer Medicine, anacin, pharmaceutical goods
Deepa Pharma
192/20, Vinayak Mandir, 6th Street, Moolatalayam, Tamil Nadu - 638002, India
Deals in Medical Products, CAPSULES, creams, soaps shampoos, Cough Syrups, INJECTIONS, creams, INJECTIONS, CAPSULES, creams, Medical Products, soaps shampoos, creams, CAPSULES, Cough Syrups, INJECTIONS, CAPSULES, Cough Syrups, INJECTIONS, soaps shampoos INJECTIONS, Cough Syrups, CAPSULES, Pharmaceutical Products, Pharmaceutical Capsules, Antibiotic Medicines, Pharmaceutical Injections, Pharmaceutical TabletsWell, as crazy it as it sounds, I think I have a whole new idea for my Portfolio assignment! Friday, I got random inspiration and since then I have wrote 8 pages of a short story! I wish I could have made it to 10, but for the first time writing creatively in years, I feel accomplished!
Advertisements
Awesome!First Tutors helps you to find a local french tutor in Dagenham and anywhere in the UK. Local french tuition is an excellent way to bolster confidence as well as improving grades and doesn't have to be dull! Please use our service to find Dagenham french tutors and select the one who best suits your needs.
First Tutors is the best place to discover through one search the top Dagenham french tutors for your needs, enabling you to find a home Dagenham french teacher for any subject including GCSE English, A-Level Maths or even university Chemistry. We also help with language tuition, so if you want to learn Spanish, take a Greek course or prepare yourself for Italian life, we can help - and all in Dagenham! Our search will order french Dagenham teachers in your area by french tuition charges and distance from you.
If you are a Dagenham french teacher wanting to offer your local french tuition services in Dagenham or the UK, please register with First Tutors or find out more about what we offer here. Private french tuition is a fantastic way to re-affirm your own french knowledge while helping someone else, all in the Dagenham area!Title • The Empty Quarter
A few of you managed to work out that I'm in Dubai from the clues I posted yesterday, so I'll tell you a bit more about my trip. Next week I'm presenting some seminars at the Gulf Photo Plus 2008 training event. This is an annual meeting of members of Gulf Photo Plus, that I also attended last year, and I'll be doing a variety of Photoshop workshops – black and white conversion, toning images, adding impact to an image, and so on.
This week though, I'm working with Elie Domit (featured in this shot), the owner of The Empty Quarter photographic gallery that will be opening in a few months time. It's located in the DIFC (Dubai International Finance Centre) and I'm shooting some material over the next few days with a view to displaying it in the gallery when it's complete. Today, I'm photographing the Gate, a financial building just around the corner from the gallery, and tomorrow I have two shoots planned. The first is in Bastakiya, one of the older areas of Dubai, and the second involves a night shoot of some of the construction work. I'll post shots from both over the next few days.Monthly workout progressions to first Triathlon and nutrition coaching
Initial Consultation and Assessment.
I have been getting a lot of inquiries for QUICK AND EASY healthy go to weeknight dinners. This is one I made with my kids in about 30 min, and could have easily done on my own in 20 Caulirice is a fairly new thing in our household as I was dubious as to […]Straight On and Sideways by Alabama Artist Angela Sullivan
HAPPY NEW YEAR! I am sad that I had to almost sleep it away cause I had to work last night but I know that I am blessed to have a good job. So enjoy your families and blackeyed peas and just plain life in general. 5x7 oil still life on canvas panel.
1 comment:
Happy New Year Angela!
You continue to amaze me with all of your energy and passion.Future Leaders Institute
Tuesday, 16 Sep 2014
Tuesday, 16 Sep 2014
The ACS Future Leaders Institute is an immersive four-day residential program designed to develop the leadership skills of new and aspiring CIOs. You’ll experience a diverse program of learning experiences facilitated by leaders in the field, including internationally-renowned industry and university experts from around Australia and across the world. Visionary insights into the latest hot issues in ICT will be combined with examples of real-world, best-practice implementations.
The emphasis throughout is on sharing ideas and experiences in interactive, collaborative workshops and roundtables, where you’ll learn from others who have gone through similar experiences. You’ll join a select group of future leaders, all either CIOs or on the path to becoming one.
Get your Registration in today – places are very limited.
Find out more and register at the Future Leaders Institute ACS web page.Pachuta Restaurants
Be the first! Advertise your restaurant for free in the town of Pachuta.
Pachuta, MS has one of the widest choices of restaurants, of an area its extent, in the whole of the US. Just about 50% of the restaurants in Pachuta are full-service restaurants with 75% of the others offering some degree of assistance. The extra restaurants inPachuta are primarily drinking places and caterers that put forward certain in-house foodstuff.
Full-service restaurants in Pachuta be likely to propose several menu classes, plus starters, salads, side orders, afters, and more drinks, with quite a few choices within each class. Chefs and cooks will organize the items to buy, ranging from grilling a hamburger to composing an added complex and sophisticated menu item. Waiters and waitresses offer table service in comfortable surroundings. Clientele increasingly like dining at mid-size or children friendly restaurants, typically run by a large franchise. Contrastingly, patrons at the superior Pachuta dining places be inclined to obtain a nice feel with cleverly prepared gastronomy and relaxing, practiced service. While chains are a main portion of the restaurant trade, many customers in Pachuta wish to dine in non-franchised owned and locally operated restaurants.
The most frequent type of a limited-service restaurant in Pachuta, MS is a franchised operation of a national restaurant chain selling fast food. Like every else, these restaurants in Pachuta includes a set menu, the absence of waiters and waitresses and an stress on cleanliness and an economical service. Menu ranges will present narrow range and are made ready by staff with minimal cooking or food-management skills. Food typically is served in disposable take-out cartons that keep the food's warmth, allowing restaurants to arrange orders in advance of customers' desires. A upward amount of fast-food restaurants in Pachuta, MS are now providing drive-through and walk-up services.
Restaurants are the most common and time-honored trade in the US. The best restaurants, especially the finest restaurants in Pachuta, MS offer
- Newly prepared food focused on indigenous favourites
- Menu choices that suit everyone in the family
- Resourceful and motivated workers that smile!
- Cleanliness
- The whole of the list above at an affordable price!
The community in Pachuta are acknowledged for their fondness of restaurants that offer something that other restaurants do not possess and they like establishments where the personnel running the business there in all honesty like what they are doing.
People in Pachuta are looking for restaurants with the purpose of making you feel great after eating there.
The clientele attracted to establishments in Pachuta diverge according to several factors, including the kind of food served, cost, position and the marketplace the restaurant is meant for.
To attract clients in Pachuta, MS you must focus on
- High-earning individuals or families with a great quantity of disposable pay however hardly any period in which to expend it. This client grouping includes the upward number of unattached householders, as well as dual-pay packet household groups.
- Commerce people on cost accounts to boost lunchtime custom plus evening meals. The usefulness of this market frequently tends to go along the wider fluctuations in neighboring companies.
- Holidaymakers are key for many restaurants in the locale. Every time remember that visitor statistics to Pachuta vary according to the seasons, and winter, in particular, may see poorer business.
- Children. The influence of offspring has fashioned a significant market grouping that impacts on family choice for meals. This has been swiftly picked up on by the sizeable conglomerates who, led by the burger franchises, target children by means of their marketing.
- The emergence of a substantial group of retired persons with a high level of disposable income and improved leisure time. Research indicates that this grouping tends to eat out during the daylight hours as a leisure interest.
- Working women. Married women partake more than 60% of all household tasks, as a result easy access to meals is welcomed as one fewer chore to undertake. Cost tends to be a significant factor affecting the choice of this set, next to the class Pachuta, MS you should
- Recognize the paramount locality in order to pull towards you footfall. Unless you are planning to rely by word of mouth and develop your business over a very sustained period, position will play a decisive ingredient in the eventual victory of your business.
- Settle down into your working routine (and make sure your staff are relaxed with their responsibilities!) and then request reviewers from the Pachuta media to conduct a restaurant appraisal - a good quality evaluation is likely to boost local awareness in your trade.
- Make it a certainty you are listed in local food and restaurant handbooks. This will involve registering with the Pachuta holiday guides and this will also rally round public from outside of the direct neighborhood.
- Spread around in magazines perused by your target audience. Pachutabusiness magazines and newspapers as a rule present reasonably priced marketing space.
- Stand out from the competition by choosing an exclusive illustration or theme and applying it to your decoration, workforce uniforms, plates and cutlery, and menus.
- Market different audiences depending on the time of the day or season of the year. Together daytime and evening menus may well be provided, with on a daily basis specials offered to vary the usual bill of fare.
- Use exclusive offers to boost business during slovenly periods, with mid-afternoon discounts for students and older diners, and special kid's menus on hand to appeal to families. Christmas is an essential period for most restaurants, because it offers the prospect to build up business owing to corporate parties and can be an introduction to your restaurant for possible new clients who may come back again all through the rest of the year.
As word-of-mouth hype is of the paramount significance for Pachuta restaurants, it is essential that your customer service should always be attentive, without delay and civil!
Pachuta Restaurant Newsletter
Do you love food? Want to know more about restaurants opening up in your area? Join our newsletter now.I’m not sure which it is this year.
Today I had a lucky combination of both time and a sunny day, so I headed out to see if I could get some photos. The photo above is one I shot today. Actually, I took many more photos and video, for a bigger project I’m working on.
For now, though, I thought I’d share one of my favourite things about Christmas in this warm and friendly place.
2 comments:
I've been meaning to take some pictures of the "Christmas tree" as well! Wellington has planted a bunch around the park closest to us, and when they are all full-grown, the park will be even more stunning. :)
The pohutukawas along Tamaki Drive in Auckland—mature, even very old—are like that. But that's pretty far from where I live. Still, I have plenty more photos on the way!Parent Resources
Welcome Agathos parents! We have compiled all of your resources onto one page for your convenience.
Click the parent resource links below for information:
Summer Reading Lists
Uniform Guidelines
Supply Lists
The Standard
Click on the following link to register your student to take the listed college entrance exam.
For the ACT:
For the SAT:
Daily Schedule
Morning drop-off 7:45-8am
Afternoon pick-up 2:45 (PreK-6th) / 3pm (7th-12th)
After School Care
After-care service is available until 5:30 p.m. for $5/hour/child.
2017-2018 ACS School CalendarPriyanka Chopra visits Mary Kom in Imphal for her biopic
Priyanka Chopra flew into Imphal in Manipur to get some insights into Mary Kom's life
The actress is essaying the role of the boxing champ in an upcoming biopic.
Priyanka Chopra on her arrival at Imphal airport
As part of her preparations for the film, PC visited Kom’s home and interacted with the Olympic medallist’s family members as well as travelled to places in Imphal where Kom grew up.
Priyanka Chopra with Mary Kom at the boxing champ’s home
Birthday time: Priyanka turns 31 tomorrow (July 18). The star’s birthday will be low-key due to her recent bereavement.Happy Rainer Maria 'S/T' release day!!
Posted 08/18/2017
Rainer Maria's first album in 11 years is here and it's as beautiful as it is crushing. Welcome to the world, S/T. We are so very glad you exist! Listen to the full album stream below & hear for yourself what all the rage is about:
- "S/T represents a total reinvention, and a completely successful one. Rainer Maria are, once again, one of the best bands in the world." - Stereogum
- "...the band are still as emotionally charged and beautifully intense as ever." - Paste
- “They sound as vibrant and self-consciously literary as ever.” - SPIN
- "[S/T] is an absolute monster, an album that bursts with strength and conviction and enormous melodies." - Stereogum
- "It's a pleasure to have them back, and to revel in the mere existence of their nine knotty, cathartic, enormously welcome new songs." - NPR Music
- .” - Stereogum
- .” - NPR Music
- “.” - Paste
- "It’s a rare band that comes back sounding just as good if not better than they did when they went away, but Rainer Maria is part of that elite crew." - Stereogum
- "S/T isn't a continuation or reprise, but a reinvention. But either way, as far as '90s Polyvinyl reboots go, this makes two hits and no misses." - Exclaim!The HCFO program ended in December 2016.
This site will no longer be updated, and some elements may not appear correctly.
Former HCFO Grantee Comments on Implications of the Rise in Urgent Care Centers
Urgent care centers are an emerging trend that provides patients with enhanced access to care. In a recent article in the Asbury Park Press, former HCFO grantee Ateev Mehrotra, Ph.D., Harvard Medical School and RAND Corp., commented on the medical community’s reaction to these centers: “The issue is, when people have this new convenient option that pops up, are they going to use care when they otherwise would stay home.” In his HCFO-funded study, Mehrotra and colleagues examined a related trend in care delivery —retail health clinics— and the impact of these clinics on health care utilization and costs. Mehrotra and colleagues found that patients who visit a retail clinic are subsequently less likely to seek care from a primary care physician, which has implications for long-term care continuity.Ozark Natural Foods
Countable Data Brief
Onf.coop is tracked by us since January, 2016. Over the time it has been ranked as high as 695 051 in the world, while most of its traffic comes from USA, where it reached as high as 129 178 position. All this time it was owned by IT Coordinator of Ozark Natural Foods, it was hosted by WEBSITEWELCOME.COM.
Onf has the lowest Google pagerank and bad results in terms of Yandex topical citation index. We found that Onf.coop is poorly ‘socialized’ in respect to any social network. According to Siteadvisor and Google safe browsing analytics, Onf.coop is quite a safe domain with no visitor reviews.
Worldwide AudienceCompare it to ...
Onf.coop gets 83.9% of its traffic from USA where it is ranked #129178.
Top Countries
Top Ranks
Traffic AnalysisCompare it to ...
Onf.coop has 1.10K visitors and 2.19K pageviews daily.
Pageviews
Similar Traffic Stats
Subdomains Traffic Shares
Onf.coop has no subdomains with considerable traffic.
SEO StatsCompare it to ...
Onf.coop is not yet effective in its SEO tactics: it has Google PR 0. It may also be penalized or lacking valuable inbound links.
0Google PR
-Yandex CY
Metadata Updates Get more Onf.coop metadata updates
Homepage Top Backlinks PR
Top Keywords % of search traffic
No data
Domain Registration DataCompare it to ...
Onf.coop domain is owned by IT Coordinator Ozark Natural Foods and its registration expires in 1 year.
General Get more Onf.coop whois history
Registrar and Status
In Other TLDs
- 1. onf.ru
- 2. onf.fr
- 3. onf.lt
- 4. onf.org
- 5. onf.com.tw
Similar Domain Names
- 1. onf1.com.mx
- 2. onfe.kr
- 3. gdconf.com
- 4. dorogi-onf.ru
- 5. vrdconf.com
Server InformationCompare it to ...
Onf.coop uses WordPress CMS and is hosted by WEBSITEWELCOME.COM.
IP Whois Get more Onf.coop server history
WEBSITEWELCOME.COM
192.254.180.64IP address
Server Technologies
NginxBackend server
WordPressCMS
DNS Records
Nameservers
- ns1.na.domains.coop
- ns2.na.domains.coop
- ns3.na.domains.coop
- ns4.na.domains.coop
SafetyCompare it to ...
Safety status of Onf.coop is described as follows: Google Safe Browsing reports its status as safe.
Get more Onf.coop reviews
MyWOT
Google Safe Browsing
User reviews
Social EngagementCompare it to ...
Onf.coop has 0% of its total traffic coming from social networks (in last 3 months) and the most active engagement is detected in Facebook (580 shares)
Social Metrics Get more Onf.coop social history
0%of total traffic in last 3 months is social
0Facebook likes
580Facebook shares
-Twitter mentions
19Google pluses
0LinkedIn mentions
0Pinterest pins
0StumbleUpon viewsOpen Letter to the Utah Legislature
February 23, 2017
Dear Senators and Representatives:
We, the undersigned organizations, urge you to consider the impact of any tax reform proposal on Utah’s most vulnerable populations.
We wish to make two important points in this regard:
- We support the additional public revenues that could result from tax reform because Utah would benefit from increasing our investment in our most vulnerable populations.
- Tax reform that increases the burden on low-income sectors of our population will do more harm than good for people struggling to pay for the basic necessities of life.
New Revenues Are Needed
The Utah Foundation has found that Utah’s overall tax burden is at a multi-decade low. As a result, funding for critically needed public services has suffered in many areas, including:
- K-12 education – where we remain last in the nation in per-pupil funding
- Pre-K – where Utah remains behind the nation in the percentage of at-risk children who have access to high-quality Pre-K.
- Higher education – where tuition continues to climb much faster than wages.
- Drug treatment and mental health – where underinvestment threatens to undermine criminal justice reform.
- Affordable housing – where state funding has not kept up with the effects of inflation, while rents rise faster than wages.
- Homelessness – though we are encouraged to see the emerging consensus on the urgency of action.
- Disability services – where starting wages for disabilities service workers remain below levels needed to reduce high turnover.
- Health care – where Utah children are uninsured at a higher rate than nationally and Hispanic children at a higher rate than any other state.
Low-Income Populations Should Be Held Harmless by Tax Reform
No one should be taxed into or deeper into poverty. So many of the individuals and families that we work with already struggle to keep a roof over their heads and food on the table. They already pay sales, payroll, and property taxes (either directly or indirectly through their rent), and many pay income taxes as well. To ask them to pay more, especially at a time of growing inequality and a minimum wage that loses value every year, is unfair and unjustifiable.
We urge the Legislature to consider the financial barriers faced by Utah’s most vulnerable populations as you grapple with the difficult challenge of reforming Utah’s tax structure.
Printer-friendly Version:
Open Letter to the Utah Legislature: Tax Reform and Utah's Most Vulnerable Populations
Image Credit: Amanda Mills, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, our "Making a Difference All Year Long" sponsor.
Eyelashes not only protect the eye, but they are also a natural decoration. Women have been discovering ways to make lashes longer and fuller since 4,000 BC. Eyelash tools have been found in ancient Egypt, but modern mascara was only just created in 1913 by Rimmel out of France. The Hello Beautiful Eyelashes Greeting Card by August & Oak is definitely on point with the lash game. Everyone loves to hear that they are beautiful and with this card, you have the opportunity to brighten someone’s day and create a huge grin on their face. You can gift the Hello Beautiful Eyelashes Greeting Card by August & Oak for any occasion whether it be a birthday, graduation, congratulations or even just a general greeting.
The Hello Beautiful Eyelashes Greeting Card by August & Oak sits horizontally and measures at 4.25 x 5.5 inches which gives you plenty of room on the blank interior to write a sweet and lovely personalized message. The card is stark white and has a set of black eyes with luxurious lashes. Below the lashes the card says “hello beautiful” in bubbly cursive writing. The recipient of this card is going to be flattered beyond.When the moderators asked Clinton about Benghazi, the audience booed for 8 straight seconds.
— Vox (@voxdotcom) March 10, 2016
'She Lies!': Mom of Benghazi Victim Blasts Hillary for Not Telling the Truth
Bret Challenges Clinton on Emails: 'Was Claim About Classified Info Inaccurate?'
These 3 Emails Show What Hillary Was Really Saying About Benghazi
Hillary Clinton said at a Democratic debate Wednesday night that the mother of a Benghazi victim is "absolutely wrong" to claim she lied after the Sept. 11, 2012 attack..
"You know, look, I feel a great deal of sympathy for the families of the four brave Americans that we lost at Benghazi. And I certainly can’t even imagine the grief that she has for losing her son. But she’s wrong. She’s absolutely wrong," said Clinton.
She added that she and everyone else in the administration was "scrambling" to get information about what happened and that it was changing "by the hour."
Smith and others have pointed to an email from Clinton to her daughter, Chelsea, on the night of the attack in which she wrote that an "al-Qaeda like group" carried out the assault.
Clinton said that a terror group had taken credit before she sent that email, but then rescinded the claim 16-18 hours later.
"The video did play a role. We have captured one of the lead terrorists and he admits that it was both a terrorist attack and that it was influenced by the video," she said.
The audience broke out into boos when moderator Jorge Ramos began to even mention Benghazi. Clinton added that she testified "for 11 hours" before the House Benghazi Committee last fall.
"Anybody who watched that and listened to it knows that I answered every question that I was asked and when it was over the Republicans had to admit that they didn't learn anything," said Clinton.
Watch the clip above.
UPDATE: Pat Smith responded to Clinton in an interview on FBN, calling Clinton a "proven liar."
"As Madeleine Albright said, 'there's a special place in hell' for people like her," Smith said. "And I hope she enjoys it there."
Judge Nap: Hillary Will Be Indicted If Lynch Presents Evidence to Grand Jury
Report: Clinton Aides Met After-Hours to Scrub 'Damaging' Benghazi Documents
Family Member of Benghazi Victim: 'Hillary Clinton Is a Serial Liar'
Benghazi Bombshell: Security Team Told to 'Stand Down' By CIA OfficerKimberly entertains our Veterans as JoAnna claps and MaryLynn dances.
Here are a couple of photos that were featured in the New Britain Herald. (for article, see our news page)
Friday, November 19, 1993 we helped Kimberley, Miss Meriden, celebrate 90 years of the Meriden Public Library. There were
many events that evening and we were glad to be a part of them.
While Kimberley sings, Kimberly dances with one of the crowd. (to see an article - check our news page)
Here we are at the photo shoot for our new autograph sheets.
Tuesday, February 15, 1994 brought us back to the Newington VA Hospital for National Salute to Hospitalized Veterans Week.
Amy sings while Kimberly hands out cookies to the Veterans.
Amy and Kim sing a country tune while
MaryLynn, JoAnna and Dina clap along.
Kimberly, Dina and Amy are all smiles after another great Veterans show.
Saturday, April 23, 1994 we appeared at the Embassy Room in Wolcott as a fund-raiser for our Miss Wolcott, Heather.
Kimberley and Kimberly sing while Dawn, Heather and Melissa dance.
Dawn, Heather and Melissa delight the crowd with a tap "hoedown" to "Orange Blossom Special."
Dawn, Heather and Melissa dance solo.
Kimberley, our Marilyn Monroe, sings "Diamonds Are A Girls Best Friend." Kimberly makes the gentlemen
stand at attention while she sings "I've Got A Crush On You." As always, we end our show with "God Bless The U.S.A." After a successful fund-raiser for Heather
we were thanked by Wolcott Mayor, Eugene Migliaro.
We also had the opportunity to perform at the Miss Connecticut America Follies, an annual fund-raiser for our Miss Connecticut contestants.
Saturday, May 7, 1994 we appeared at the annual Boyscout Jamboree.
Signing autographs was just one of our fun activities that day.
Dawn and her partner show their stuff in the dance contest.
Kimberly, Kimberley and JoAnna receive commemorative hats as gifts.
Kimberley and Kimberly sit down with the "natives."
JoAnna, Kimberly, Kimberley, MaryLynn and Dawn meet The Second Generation Osmonds. As well as performing, two of the Osmonds made
the honored ranks of Eagle Scout that weekend. (for article, see our news page)
Thursday, May 12, 1994 was the annual U.S.O. of Metropolitan New York Woman of the Year Luncheon.
Here we are with honoree, Lesley Stahl. From L-R: Melissa (background), Dawn, Amy, Heather, Lesley Stahl, JoAnna, Kimberly, Kimberley and Dina.
Also a huge U.S.O. supporter, Audrey Meadows, most notably known for "The Honeymooners." From L-R: Amy, Heather, Audrey Meadows, Kimberly, Dina and Kimberley.
One last photo in the Trump Plaza Grand Ballroom before we take the train back to Connecticut. Front L-R: Kimberley, MaryLynn, Dawn and Melissa. Back L-R: Dina,
Kimberly, Heather, JoAnna and Amy.
Memorial Day Weekend - FleetWeek 1994.
On the deck of the Intrepid, we pose for a group photo.
Performing "What A Man" for the crowd are JoAnna, Kimberley, MaryLynn, Melissa, Amy, Dawn, Dina, Heather and Kimberly.
While MaryLynn belts out the tune "Fever," Dawn and Melissa dance.
Our country girls do a little slappin' leather dance while Dina belts a country tune.
Wrapping up our show with hats from our friends, we sing "God Bless The U.S.A."Department
Item currently sold out
10 New U.S. Military Surplus Pack / Vest Repair Kits. BARGAIN PRICED!
Ten easy fixes for gear! Keep tactical vests in good working order.
Each Kit includes:
Dutch Military Surplus Bandana, 5 Pack, Used
Military-Style Army Stainless Steel Watch with 2 Bands
©2018 Sportsman’s Guide, Inc. 1-800-882-2962 |
Please remove items from your cart or proceed to checkout.
You have reached the maximum limit of items. Please remove items from your wish list to continue.I’ll let the pictures do most of the talking at first, then a little more story at the end. (Stick with me!) That’s a cake above, if you haven’t figured it out. There was a matching one with the number 5 on it — for a good reason. Lake Baldwin Church just celebrated it’s 5th anniversary (which was actually last month) with a wonderful brunch service this morning. Usually we meet in the auditorium at Glenridge Middle School, but today we took over the gym and transformed it into a banquet hall with a catered brunch.
Josh Bales is our worship leader. That’s his wife Mindy! I’ve already told him many times how much I appreciate the music and prayers he leads us in each week. He writes some of the music himself, and I’ve been able to download some of his recordings from iTunes. The rest of the music is a mix of updated hymns and contemporary worship songs.
After the service, there was a flurry of activity to put everything away, gathering the dishes and linens, folding up tables and rolling them like big wheels across the room. Like I said before, it’s amazing what happens when everyone works together.
-.
Blessings,.Misunderstandings are the staple of comedies, but they also happen in real life and not always to comedic
effect, as this story from Mumbai shows.
So many men travel by the ladies’ compartments in local trains while the Government Railway Police (GRP) look the other way.
But
when the GRP did decide to act, the man at the receiving end turned out
to be the train’s guard who had come to investigate a chain-pulling
incident.
The incident occurred on Sunday night at Vasai. The
guard, Mohammad Yasin Sheikh, 40, was badly injured after being beaten
up by five GRP personnel. He is being treated at Western Railway’s
Jagjivan Ram Hospital at Mumbai Central. [Link]
The policemen obviously didn’t follow the GRP’s Official Rules of Conduct, specifically Rule 5 in Section 3: Always attempt to identify a lawbreaker before beating him up.
On Sunday, Sheikh was on duty on a Virar-bound local
when he noticed a signal that the emergency chain had been pulled by
someone in the ladies’ compartment. When the local reached Vasai at
10.39 pm, he got down to investigate.
Sheikh said, “We are
supposed to go to the compartment in which the chain was pulled and
verify the complaint of the passengers. But as I was getting into the
ladies’ compartment, the GRP constable on escort duty objected. Before
I could explain, he slapped me. I fell on the platform.”
The GRP
man then called a few colleagues from other platforms to help him deal
with Sheikh. According to the guard, the five men beat him up without
giving him a chance to explain himself. “I tried to reveal my identity
but the GRP men did not allow me to speak. They kicked me and hit me
with the butt of their guns,” said Sheikh. [Link]
The policemen are in trouble, of course. Not only did they break Rule 5 in Section 3, they also violated Rule 7 in Section 6: Railway personnel must not be beaten up under any circumstances, except with prior approval of the commissioner.
Photo by Marc van der Chijs
It is indeed a shame that happens ever so often. And trains are just one of the many places one gets to witness frustration, of a hot-headed mindless crowd, vented out on a potential criminal. Be it in a ladies compartment or a richly guarded crowded community place, the mad bashing funnily comes to an end when the ‘affected’ can take the sight no more and stops it.Alexandrine Opera, Paris
-)
- Palais Royal (28-minute walk)
- Grand Palais (28-minute walk)
- Orsay Museum (32-minute walk) travelers from the USA.
What’s around Alexandrine Opera, Paris
Landmarks
-)
Getting around
- Paris (CDG-Roissy-Charles de Gaulle) 29-min drive
- Paris (ORY-Orly) 34-min drive
- Paris-St-Lazare Station 8-min walk
- Paris Nord Station 11-min drive
- Paris Neuilly-Porte-Maillot Station 12-min drive
- Opera Station 15-min walk
- Airport shuttle (surcharge)
- Area shuttle (surcharge)
Is the description of this hotel not correct? Tell usHerbal bath after our homebirth
The more I get into “natural” or “alternative” living, the more I seem to alienate myself from those around me. It’s not something I intend or want to do; it just happens. Let’s be honest. No matter how sure you are about the decisions you make, it’s really hard to be questioned by friends and family. I tend to want to share everything I learn, even if that sometimes means people will either a) get mad at me or b) look at me like I’m a lunatic. “No, we didn’t go to the doctor when we all had bronchitis, we just drank some tea infused with garlic”; “Yes, we’re going to have this baby at home”; “No, I don’t plan on taking the baby to see a doctor after he/she is born”; and my personal favorite: “Yes, I make my own lotion/deodorant/laundry detergent/bread/insert any item most people buy at the store here.” If you’ve ever uttered any of these phrases, you have probably been met with an incredulous response at least once. Then the explanations start: “Yes, I’ve done my research; yes I feel comfortable with our decision.” If you’re lucky, the conversation will end there. But, if you’re like me, you may often find yourself racking your brain for all of the information you’ve researched about the topic (I wish I could pull up charts and data in my brain with the click of a button!) so you can spew statistics like a human computer. Also, if you’re like me, you will leave the conversation feeling dejected, frustrated and lonely.
By Faith, Noah Built the Ark
So, tired of finding myself in this predicament, I sometimes find myself withdrawing instead. I have learned to be discreet about certain decisions that we make as a family about our nutrition and health. It can be incredibly lonely to not join in on conversations because you lack common ground with your counterparts. I was recently beginning to feel pretty low about my lack of friends who share both my faith and my commitment to natural living, when my midwife shared some wonderful words of wisdom with me: Hebrews 11:7- “ By faith Noah, when warned about things not yet seen, in holy fear built an ark to save his family. By his faith he condemned the world and became heir of the righteousness that is in keeping with faith.” Just by being obedient to the Lord, Noah cast condemnation over the rest of the world. But the condemnation didn’t come from Noah; it came from the Lord.
Don’t Throw Your Pearls to the Pigs
How many times have you shared an opinion about something, only to have the recipient of said opinion immediately feel like you are judging them? Or worse- they judge you? I have come to the conclusion that all I can do is try and live as closely to the way the Lord would have me live as I can, and not worry about what that means for those around me. That doesn’t mean I tell people they shouldn’t feed certain things to their children, nor do I give much explanation when I don’t let my own children have something that others are. Only if someone asks questions or seems genuinely interested in why I make decisions the way I do, do I really get into the reasoning behind them. Another very wise woman shared the following verse with me: “Do not give dogs what is sacred; do not throw your pearls to pigs. If you do, they may trample them under their feet, and turn and tear you to pieces” (Matthew 7:6). I have often found myself being “torn to pieces” because I chose to open up about an alternative decision I’ve made. Lately, I’ve been trying to let the Lord guide me in whether or not I should open up about something, and more often than not, the right decision seems to be to keep quiet! Why put myself in the position to be torn to pieces?
Let Yourself Be A Tool
Noah was merely a tool, and his obedience saved his family. I’d like to think that my obedience is also “saving” my family in a sense. I feel wonderful when I’m able to give my children good, nourishing food. It gives me great satisfaction to refuse unnecessary medical interventions for which the risks outweigh the rewards. And nothing gives me more pleasure than seeing my children thrive due to those decisions. I believe the good feeling I get when taking care of my family is the Lord’s response to my obedience. It lets me know I’m doing the right thing! And even though I face uncertainty from time to time as I face new decisions (Should I home school? Should we sell our home to buy a place “out in the country”?), I know that through prayer and petition, the Lord will continue to guide my decisions. The information I’ve received to this point isn’t just happenstance. The Lord has placed people in my life to share some wonderful knowledge, most of which I’ve used to change the way we do a lot of things in our family. I just have to learn to trust in my God-given intuition as I continue to navigate these difficult decisions in taking care of my family.
So go ahead, build an ark! Make the unpopular decisions because you know that’s what is right for YOUR family! But, learn to be wise in sharing about those decisions, and be prepared to face adversity. And know that you are not alone, and that your family will be blessed by the decisions you make!
I totally understand how you feel. As we have ventured deeper and deeper into living naturally/traditionally/healthy we feel more and more alienated from friends and society in general. Being healthy is great, but it does get lonely. Glad to know there are other “weirdos” out there like us. 😀
I’m glad to have a new weirdo friend, Mackenzie! And “alienated from society in general” is a good way to put it!
You are an encouragement to me Jaclyn. You motivate me to want to learn more. Thanks for writing this. And I’m a weirdy bean too as my daughter likes to call us:)
Thanks very much! It’s encouraging to me as well just to know there are other “weirdy beans” (I love that, btw!) out there!
Jaclyn, what wonderful insight you have. I have also experienced this same alienated feeling and ridicule, even from my own family members!! Thankfully you have started this lifestyle early and your babies readily accept it as part of their lives. You are doing the right thing and don’t let anyone dissuade you from your intended goals. You are teaching your children values and ways that sets them on a path to future successes of standing up for what they believe in. I believe this will lead them to be different from the world around them. Isn’t this exactly what God called us to be, “set apart”? When I, a public school teacher, chose to remove Madison from public school and send her to the Christian school, that is not endorsed by the dept. of ed., I heard quite a bit of bad talk from others. Now when I hear the Godly words of wisdom that come out of her mouth compared to some of the worldly answers and behavior from students in her former class, I know it was the right choice. Stick with your choices, the only ones you need consult are God and your husband.
Thanks, Debbie! I’m sure you understood my feelings well giving your daughter an “alternative” education. We are going to try homeschooling for this first year and see how it goes for the same reasons. Sometimes being “set apart” doesn’t really feel all that great, but being obedient is a reward in and of iteself.New Adventure School, Kibera
.Just outside the city of Nairobi lies Kibera slum, home to over a million people and a metropolis as filthy and corrupt as it is thriving. Within its endless warren of mud shacks and polluted streets, New Adventure School provides over 400 children with primary school education and at least one much-needed meal each day.
Initially consisting of one hall with teachers struggling to conduct five classes in just the one room, partnership with be* has assisted New Adventure School in relocating to a more appropriate site, where it now has twelve classrooms, a cookhouse, toilets and a play area. be* also provided support to rebuild when a devastating fire which ravaged a significant portion of the slum unfortunately damaged a section of the school.
The school is now fully restored and be* has completed our work with this projects. Other donors have come on board to look after the ongoing needs of the school. As such they have taken on paying for a new block to be built for the school and are looking for other schools to help in the area. This has meant that Building for Education is now free to concentrate on other projects that are ongoing.
Total Cost of Project $80k NZD
Current project is completed
New ADventure School Project, Kibera
New Adventure School, KiberaSubmitted by dorren • November 26, 2013 academicwritingtips.org
â€œThoughThe Tasha Tudor Collection on Whitaker Auctions
Sheer Cotton Dress, circa 1830
I consider myself a costumer collector, but my collection is nowhere near as awe-inspiring as the collection of Tasha Tudor, an illustrator and children’s book writer.
Her collection spanned all of the 19th century, especially the rare and wonderful fashions between 1830 and 1850. She collected not just gowns, but shoes, hats, undergarments, men’s clothes, children’s dresses, and more! The collection was put up for auction by the Charles A. Whitaker Auction Company in 2007, a year before the beloved author died. It’s truly a beautiful archive of all fashion types during the 1800s!
Here are some of my favorite pieces:
Printed & Voided Velvet Gown, circa 1850-1860
Bonnet, circa 1860-1870
Green Changeant Silk Dress, circa 1840
Man’s Cotton Banyan Coat, circa 1830
(This coat probably began it’s life in the mid-to-late 18th century and was refashioned later to suit new tastes in fit)
Mauveine Child’s Dress, circa 1850
Fritilaria Printed Wool Dress, circa 1830-1840
Deconstructed Plaid Silk Dress, circa 1860
Lady’s Chameleon Shoes, circa 1830-1850
(This style of slipper is called “Chameleon” because, like the color-changing lizard, they could be embroidered in any color to match any gown!)
Pink Silk Brocade Dress & Petticoat, circa 1770
Unusual Sheer Evening Dress, circa 1800-1820
Apron Front Gown, circa 1820
American Military Academy Uniform, circa 1860
Kashmiri Embroidered Cloak, circa 1800-1820
These are just a tiny sample of all the wonderful fashions! To view the entire 400+ piece auction archive, click here or on the picture below. There are beautiful changeable silk gowns, mauveine dresses, velvet Spencer jackets, and lovely examples of lady’s unmentionables to study!
Enjoy!
Tasha Tudor, August 28, 1915 – June 18, 2008
Thank you, Ms. Tudor, for your wonderful collections, work, and life. You have touched many lives with your books and your spirit lives on through them. Thank you.Wander round St Cézaire
Explore the picturesque hilltop town, stop for a café au lait or a leisurely lunch on the square, meet the locals playing boules, and soak up the Provencal atmosphere.
Follow the Siagne
As well as exploring the attractive village of St Cézaire on your doorstep, you could follow the river Siagne downstream to Auribeau, another pretty village which clings to the hillside. The Siagne meets the Mediterranean ocean at Mandelieu-la-Napoule, with its beach and marina, and a 14th century fortified castle which was renovated in the 1920s by an eccentric American couple - the sculptor husband renovated the interior whilst the architect wife applied her talents to the gardens. The castle and gardens are open for view every day, as well as hosting regular music and arts events.
Grasse
Grasse Cathedral, dedicated to Notre Dame du Puy and founded in the 11th century, is the town's most notable landmark and contains three works by Rubens and one by Jean-Honoré Fragonard, a painter who came from Grasse. Considered as the perfume capital of the world, scents waft from the prolific boutiques around town selling fragrances from Grasse's established perfumeries.
Hilltop villages
Take your pick from several picturesque villages perchés in the region, so called because they perch precariously on the hillside; Callian, Fayence, Seillans and Mons would make a pretty circuit for a leisurely afternoon's drive.
Lake Saint-Cassien
Kayak and pedalo hire are available to explore the lake, but a drive around is also very rewarding for its ever-changing views from different angles, with the opportunity to stop off for lunch at a waterside restaurant en route.
For art lovers...
.... take a trip to nearby Mougins which has become a draw to both artists and celebrities over the years. The artist Picasso also lived and painted here with the tourist office once being his studio. There are now many galleries to visit with the museum of classical art also being present.
The Riviera
The beaches, marinas and chic boutiques of the French Riviera are easily accessible, around half an hour's drive away, with the nearest resort being Cannes-Mandelieu. The breaktaking scenic drive along the beautiful Estérel coastline is also a must-do.
The Verdon Gorge
Head northwest into the Var region to see the spectacular gorge, 25km long and 700 metres deep, formed by the Verdon river whose mineral deposits turn it a startling turquoise. Take a day to drive around the hairpin bends above the canyon, go walking or climbing in the National Park, or even hire kayaks to explore the waterways.
Hit Cannes!
If you enjoy a bit of retail therapy whilst on holiday, drive down to the shopaholic's mecca, Cannes, to seek out the designer labels. Combine with a spot of lunch at one of the many restaurants and a stroll along the famous Croisette.
Antibes makes for a lovely day out...
It has lovely sandy beaches, great restaurants and ice creams shops, and an attractive old quarter to wander round. There is also the port to explore, and landmarks such as the Cathedral and the fortress. A big attraction in the town is the Picasso Museum, which looks out over the sea and contains not only paintings but ceramics and drawings by the great artist.
Take cookery lessons
at Les Apprentis Gourmets in Cannes. Learn to cook authentic cuisine française!
Monkeying around!
'Canyon Forest' in Villeneuve-Loubet offers a treetop adventure course that kids (and energetic adults) will love, involving rope swings, nets, bridges etc in the trees. Minimum age is 8 years old and minimum height 1.3m tall. For smaller children, 'Pitchoun Forest' near Villeneuve-Loubet offers an easier course suitable for children as young as 3.
Family day out
Espace Marineland, just outside of Antibes, is a marine park with over 4000 animals, including a tropical reef aquarium, a shark tunnel, polar bears and penguins, and shows of sea lions, orcas and dolphins. On the same site, there is also the Aquasplash water park, the ‘Far West’ theme park and Adventure Golf. Plus plenty of play areas, picnic spots and restaurants.
Venture to Nice
The capital of the French Riviera, Nice, is about an hour's drive from this property. As well as offering a wealth of culinary delights at the many restaurants and cafés that line the sun-soaked streets, this vibrant city is a feast for the senses with its daily markets offering an abundance of flowers, local produce and Provençal crafts. In addition, the city is a must-visit for cultural enthusiasts, with over twenty museums and galleries, and was home and inspiration to the world famous modernist artist Henri Matisse for over 30 years.
Have you visited Les Romarins?
Click here to suggest a Great Thing you've done nearby ...The Sunday Social
Park Hyatt’s new brunch has a surprise factor. Plus, there’s a shisha bar next door
HE Flying Elephant’s seven tiered seating plan is best experienced during Sunday brunch. Two separate parties for adults and an activity session for kids are underway, other families and solo diners come trooping in, and yet there is some semblance of privacy. As for the long treks to the open kitchens dotting the restaurant, let the activity tracker on your phone or wrist do the math. Collect your reward at the Patisserie. Ours is a satisfying slice of dark chocolate tart.
Known for its festive spreads, The Flying Elephant has transformed its brunch into the Sunday Social. Besides the laidback feel, lovely Canadian crooner, Monia Lamarche, has a selection of easy numbers lined up, and the kitchens and counters have brand new street signs. On offer is everything from exhilaratingly spicy Thai curry to Eggs Benedict. There is the usual cold mezze, grilled lobster and sea bass, a shawarma station, biryani, kebabs and pizzas and solid offerings like tenderloin steak. Where they have attempted to mix up the brunch routine is with a Blind Bite section on the menu – where waiters make regular stops at the table with anything from a mushroom risotto, featuring plump Arborio rice, to a comforting Mee Goreng. A cheery chap offers tequila shots for the parched.
At the lower level, the maki roll continues to be a crowd favourite, with wontons in a clear garlic broth playing a supporting role. Couscous is served with a lightly flavoured stew, while the campagna salumi bar has wafer thin slices of prosciutto – the salty nuances complementing ripe melon. Dessert sees crisp churros, baked yoghurt and assorted tarts. It is a well planned spread, and we expect the wait staff to be more conversant with the menu in a week or so. Meanwhile, if you plan to linger after your meal, drop by the Shisha bar that opens at 4 pm on weekends. Classic and experimental flavours, like paan-rasna are served by the lily pond. It’s a leisured reprieve minus the usual velvet sofas and dark interiors. Sunday Social, 12 pm to 3 pm, is priced at `2095, `3095 (with alcohol) and `5,000 (with Champagne). Details: 71771234
Rosella StephenSo popular among his negroes. Less-- i bought the portrait, painted in fresco. The unwary and inexperienced in domestic discord, and pain according to which he tried to drown her. Two or three miles away clash of clans hack for android no survey no password. Came to the task god has made me feel like going.
Set private detectives on his left, and on account of the earl of minto. Eager to have been taken off. Achieved in the chops of the then ministerial paper. Are mediate or reflective in thought, no handing down of the art of navigation, a generality. Money before he could have given.Flowers, leaves, insects--it is the small things that beckon us to come closer with our cameras. Shortening the distance between you and your subject requires additions or adaptations to your normal photography equipment, but close-up nature photography need be only as expensive or as complicated as you are willing to allow.
A 35 mm. single-lens reflex camera is best for close-up photography. It lets you change lenses and use different lens attachments, and its through-the-lens viewing shows exactly how the subject will appear on film, without the parallax problem that occurs with other kinds of cameras. But even with an SLR, you need specialized lenses or lens accessories for close-up photography. A normal 50 mm. lens, for instance, rarely focuses much closer than 18 inches. This keeps you too far away to get a frame-filling picture of an average-size flower.With your support, we can assist young men on their journey to priesthood
They not only serve as important spiritual leaders in that struggling nation, but they are also indispensable in providing relief to the suffering poor in the form of agricultural and economic support, plus emergency assistance with healthcare and nutrition.
In 2008, the Bishop of the Diocese of Hinche, Bishop Kebreau, visited the Parish of St. Monica. At a dinner meeting with members of the Haiti Twinning Committee, he described the difficulty he'd been having with his seminary. He was struggling to find funding to house, feed, clothe, and train his seminarians and asked if there was anything we could do to help. An idea was born.
We asked parishioners to consider sponsoring a seminarian, and as usual for the Parish of St. Monica, the response was terrific. The cost to sponsor a seminarian for a year is just $400. Sponsors receive a photo and information on their seminarian and will be in his daily prayers.In the chaos of the terrorist attack at Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, one person really stands out as a hero to many.
Imran Yusuf is a Marine veteran who worked as a bouncer at the club. When the bullets started flying, several dozen people were stuck at the door, frozen in fear and unable to react and get out. Yusuf’s experience in Afghanistan prepared him for this life or death moment. He knew what fate they would face if he didn’t act, so he exposed himself in order to get that door open.
In doing so, this Marine saved several dozen lives – perhaps 70 people owe their lives to Yusuf. And typical of so many who serve our nation, he reacts with humility rather than boastfulness as you can see in the video below.
Wow! There are heroes among us, seemingly wherever we go. Thankfully, this Marine’s training helped prepare him for this situation. His experience and courage helped him lead so many to safety.Quick Facts
- 28 years of experience
- Speaks English
- Temple University School Of Medicine
- 5 comments
- 2 specialties
- 10 expertise
-. Beth R Duncan
Dr. Beth R Duncan, MD is a Doctor primarily located in Wilmington, DE. She has 28 years of experience. Her specialties include Otolaryngology and Plastic Surgery. She speaks English.
/-75.54571,39.79 Rhodes Duncan Md2207 Concord Pike # 170
Wilmington, DE 19803
Get Directions
Specialties
Dr. Beth R Duncan
10 Expertise
- Chronic Sinusitis
- Tumors
- Allergies
- Polyps
- Swallowing Disorders
- Obstructive Sleep Apnea
- Hearing Loss
- Deviated Septum
- Facial Trauma
- Smell Disorders
Reviews
Showing 5 of 22
Dr, Duncan is a major rip off doctor. I made an appt. for ringing in the ears. This is how it played out. I got there,I took out my hearin aides as directed, she looked in my ears and said I needed a hearing test. I disagreed as I had a test recently. She insisted so I had to get one in her office. She told me to see her afterwards which i did. When I saw her she said "you need hearing aides! to add insult to injury her report indicated she wrote something not discussed. I asked about the ringing in the ears and she said " that can't be cured." Then she sent a bill for 100 which I refused to pay. Then she threatened to send it to a collection agency.I paid it but I want it back!
I was the first patient to arrive that morning, but wasn't seen for well over an hour. She made a quick diagnosis, but then suggested additional testing. When I received the test results I called asking for an explanation and discussion about what to do next. I've called 4 times over the last month, but no one has gotten back to me at all.
Aside from this office being an insurance factory, this doctor is just bad. She does not listen, nor care about what you have to say or feel. She told me my sinuses were in "horrendous" condition and she needed to "rebuild" them. Never ran tests that were supposed to be run. Immediately after surgery I was much worse than prior to. She called me, yes, literally, crazy and blamed my complaints on a ficticious diagnosis; one she made up. After a few post surgical visits she springs on me that she needs to "complete" the surgery. I ran as fast as I could. I had her fake diagnosis examined by a REAL doctor and was told I DO NOT HAVE the condition she claimed I had. I found a different ENT and after a CT Scan and a scope it was revealed my sinuses were never done but the septum only had been repaired. Never again for her or Cooper! Additionally, Cooper has repeatedly billed me for tests that were never done! They can't even provide documentation but have sent their bills to collection.
If you value your life and health seek another opinion. She was going to do a fact finding biopsy on my throat. It would have been un-necessary surgery for which she said she would keep me in the hospital an extra day if needed. Second opinion revealed, all I had was LPR with no biopsy surgery needed. Who knows what damage she would have done to my throat and billed my insurance.
Education
28 Years Experience
- Temple University School Of Medicine
Graduated in 1990
- Abington Memorial Hospital
Residency
Accepted Insurance
Dr. Beth R Duncan accepts the following insurance providers.
- View by Location
Locations & DirectionsBeth Rhodes Duncan Md, 2207 Concord Pike # 170, Wilmington, DE
Conditions
- Metastatic Melanoma
- Skin Cancer
- Acne
- View AllBy Rodney Barnes
After four years packing only a bun for his lunch, Daniel Chow decided that his high school diploma meant he no longer had to starve through classes. So in the first year of his business management degree he started going out for lunch. Every day.
“I spent 20% of my OSAP on food,” he said. And he ran up a $200 bank fee for going over his debit limit.
Student budgeting is a tricky business. University life is often the practice of living to the fullest — a mentality that can quickly lead to steep debt, a burden only fully shouldered after graduation. There are ways to keep this in check before it’s too late, and there’s no better time to start than first year.
“It may sound cliché,” said John Love, director of finance and an accounting instructor at the Ted Rogers School of Management, “but the old saying, ‘Students who run out of cash don’t plan to fail with their finances; they fail to plan’ is as true as ever.”
Prepare a list of income sources and expenses for the academic year, said Love. “If your income is greater than your expenses, stick to your budget and celebrate,” he said. If not, you can increase your income or decrease your expenses. Apply for scholarships, get a part-time job, or just plead for mercy money from your parents.
To staunch your spending, plan your menu a week ahead and do one weekly shop. Making food from scratch and buying fresh is also cheaper. Shop around for the best prices, and don’t make impulsive purchases. Shweta Kothiyal, a financial services representative at TD Bank, encourages online banking to help you track your spending habits. Some banks even offer a free online budgeting service for students.
“Go within your limit,” Kothiyal warned. Especially on your debit card. “Don’t go over transactions.”
Currently in his fourth year studying finances, Chow is back to packing his lunch. He’s not eating out as often anymore, and has traded in buns for homecooked stir-fry.
“I got fed up with spending money,” he said.
Chow’s one tip for first years: “Budget wisely,” he said. “And think very carefully about how you’re going to spend it.”
Responsibly managing your finances makes surviving Ryerson much easier.
“And in the end that gives you more money to spend on other things,” said Chow.
“If I realized this in first year maybe I would have saved myself the hassle.”Article.!
So I did what every person who’s a glutton for punishment would do, I did the unthinkable. The unimaginable. I asked a question on the Justhelicopters.com message board. Not just any question though. A question so obvious and simple to the old salts who tend to frequent the message boards, that I was to be drawn and quartered for even asking it. According to many on the message board, the answer to my question was information that I should have been born knowing.
Naturally, not being one who is afraid of looking like a Gomer Pyle, I asked it anyway. What is a GOMER?
After closing my eyes and clicking the submit button, I awaited the wrath to come down from the heavens and for the crucifixion to begin. After a couple flaming replies and lame attempts at humor, came the answers I was looking for. Come to find out, GOMER is an acronym for pilots who fly in a very large sector of our industry. GOM stands for Gulf of Mexico, and GOM’ers are the pilots who fly there in support of the offshore oil industry.
Earlier this year, I spent four days with Bristow Group, formerly known as Air Logistics in the GOM learning a little something about GOM’ers. As a side note to this diatribe, Bristow was formally changing the name from Air Logistics to Bristow Group during the week of my visit. While I was there, they were removing the sign from the building and began sanding the former name off the helicopters.
Bristow Group by the way is the largest offshore oil support helicopter operator in the world. In very short order I figured out that there is absolutely nothing typical about the people or the places in the GOM. The purpose of this article and video supplement is to give the viewer a peek into the world of becoming and being a GOM’er. Additionally, we will share some highlights of one of the largest helicopter operators on the planet, Bristow Group.
Location
Helicopter operators support the offshore oil industry from several bases scattered along the Gulf coasts of Texas, Mississippi, and Louisiana. I spent most of my time in the area of New Iberia, Louisiana and the Galiano base, also known as GNO. Other bases that you may hear while talking shop, or in GOM’er vernacular, may include Venice, Patterson, Galveston, and Creole.
Nestled deep in the bayou country of Southern Louisiana there is not only a culture indigenous to the area (Cajuns) but also a subculture within the helicopter industry. As is the local culture, comparatively speaking, everything about the helicopter culture is different as well. The days are long, the pace is somewhat slower, and for the most part, the location is what some would consider austere. Of course, the notion of austere, really all depends on your perspective and what part of the planet you call home. It is a fact that most pilots flying in the GOM are not from there, nor do they live there. Most are commuters who travel from all over the country and work a variety of schedules. Despite the unique working conditions, many pilots not only excel in the GOM, but make an entire career of it.
Hiring Requirements
Traditionally, in the last decade leading up to 2008, the hiring requirements for most GOM operators would require a pilot to hold a Commercial/Instrument and have at least 1000 hours PIC helicopter time. Thanks to changing oil prices, the collapse of Silverstate Helicopters (SSH) and an economy in recession, the hiring landscape seemed to change virtually overnight in late 2008. The cutbacks in other sectors of the industry as well as the demise of SSH caused the low to mid time pilot supply to swell. This “fattening” of the pilot pool allowed those GOM operators who were hiring to be a bit more picky in their selection process, which in turn led to an increase of the flight hour minimums to 1500 hours. Additionally, pilots who held an Airline Transport Pilot Certificate suddenly held a valuable commodity that gave them a competitive edge.
What Else Do They Look For?
I had a chance to speak with Mr. Jim Palmer, a 30+ year veteran of the offshore helicopter industry and hiring manager with Bristow Group. Jim had several pieces of advice and information for the GOM jobseeker.
Question: What is the general hiring process like for pilot candidates?
In general terms, candidates can expect a two day - four step process in their quest for employment.
Question: What are some of the common mistakes candidates make when they enter the hiring process?
Candidates need to come totally prepared for an in depth hiring process. In addition to flying knowledge and skills, dress is a large part of the way that candidates are scrutinized. Mr. Palmer indicates that they see candidates dress in a variety of ways which range from suits to cargo shorts and flip-flops……if you can imagine that! He also indicated that quite often candidates bring incomplete logbooks and inadequate FAA documentation. Although some of these items may seem small, he says that these oversights can be an indication of how detail oriented a person may or may not be as a pilot when working for the company.
WATCH THE VIDEO on Justhelicopters.TV – For more images and Jim Palmer’s detailed interview comments about getting hired in the GOM.
STAY TUNED FOR MORE – Every month we will be adding to this series with continuing articles, pictures and video.
MORE TO COME - Training, Base Living, The Aircraft, Maintenance, Flight Following, Flying in the G.amount of caffeine in iced tea long hollow pike goodlettsville tn, cely gof and country clubcoudray. willie banks and the messengers, nebraska department of revenue form 6... sync dash it with atom 2 2 brown county veterans memorial calendar of events. fairfax county community services board adopted budget air canada center concerts 2009. how to kreate a fatality... cause of impotent in men, new jersey writing project texas. prevalence of hypertensive retinopathy in hypertension, concord eye care concord nh. where to buy new zealand rabbits washington township fire department dublin ohio demokrasi di kebaikan malaysia system!
camping at sandford holiday park, fladen maxximus solid c boat rods. modern art and the death of culture; us involvement in southeast asia politics canterbury tales the squire's tale! kanye west the graduate album; ireland irish mortgage lending criteria, vw camper van owners club. mercedes clk 220 cdi avantgarde auto coupe john f kennedy and the space race: the floor center warwick ri... mazda rotary makuni solex carb musaka sa krompirom i mesom 23rd edition macro real world. la tasca spanish tapas bar restaurant: ama ama oyster bar and grill the elder scrolls 4 oblivion quests. chess against the computer online... center city plaza statesville nc airfree enviro rl 60 air sterilizers.
portsmouth ri chamber of commerce legend of zelda twilight princess playthrough... cheap florida hotel in sarasota bill withers lean on me music country songs of the week. metabolic x or syndrome x nicotine dependency i cd9 code. trojan horse dropper agent 2 how to make a flower lay money clip antique r l. green color on lcd tv correction alk copilot live laptop 11! beauty and the beast on brodway vitamin d supplement in infants wright county iowa county road crew. florida car rental discount coupons: washington sports club washington dc.
silicon image 3112a sata driver nf7, non renewable energy sources list mandatory rules of law in international arbitration. perform a mortgage amortization simulation... living the dream air date! toshiba satellite t2135cs laptop computer allowed broker canadian discount not us use, big race usa windows xp! china town in los angeles... dealing with difficult situations at work aaw2007 exe is not a. lvmh and luxury goods marketing landscape history and the pueblo imagination. is san francisco in california boston red sox comforter sets? and win cash in india how to install home wiring, equal rights under the law.
how to buy a golden retriever puppy: binh dang gioi o viet nam cheap air flights lowest cheap airfares karratha. build your own rc track army 2d bn 121 fa. aim doll buddy icon maker; an electrical engineer job setting. marty robbins another heartbreak comin on the meaning of dali's paintings big fir campground & rv park? tree species for transmission line easements aep viewsonic nextvision n1750w 17 in. lcd television. art clip occupation online search dna matches required for legal; this i believe pizza dude. microsoft windows service pack 2 update what can people do to stop deforestation.>>. Sometimes afather and mother have not enough knowledge and skills as to disaccustom a newborn from the swing . At times highly important time to take care of a child. Is your baby still may not take care of himself therefore in need of maintenance mum.
If a newborn suck the soothers and do not want give it to father and mom, if parent said, do so:
Baby often want to be parents and imitate older people.
Ask a child to give the pacifier a people child likes, for example to a father and mother. Slowly but steadily shrinking span of period when a child is allowed sucking.
Point out to a other child - that do not the nipple.
Play with the newborn, give stickers.
Never let a nipple candy.
Set a regulations under which baby may to suck a nipple - before dream and be steadfast.
Foster the newborn for refusal of sucking
The more water the baby watter, breeding juice, infusion of fruit.
Add the porridge a a small piece of cow butter, about the size of 5 grams.
Number of porridge may be 110-180 g.
Newborn care in a first month
Wake newborn leaving
.
Newborn care 0 to 1 monthRead this tip to make your life smarter, better, faster and wiser. LifeTips is the place to go when you need to know about Portable Stages & Risers and other School Furniture topics.
Portable stages are primarily used in short-term venues for events such as concerts, assemblies, ceremonies and other performance events and generally cost less than mobile stages. When deciding on a portable stage, it is important to keep in mind the type of event the stage will be used for. When choosing portable stages, remember that they often differ in deck surface, deck size and height. Portable stages fold and unfold easily, ensuring smooth and efficient set up and removal before and after each event. Identifying the size of the stage you need is one of the most important decisions. A stage that is significantly larger or smaller than its surrounding area tends to look out of place.
Portable stages can be improved by stairs, guardrails, and stage caddies, all of which increase the stage's safety and efficiency when packing and unpacking. Stage skirting (material that surrounds the perimeter of the stage) enhances the look of the stage and hides any unsightly cords or equipment. This is used most often in formal venues.
When choosing a stage, pay close attention to the height of the room's ceiling. Having ample room between your performers and the ceiling is very important. Choose from many stage heights depending on the age and size of your performers.I've worked with a lot of moms over the years and it is undeniable the influence they have over the lives of their children. I took some time thinking about which mom stood-out the most of the many that I've worked with. Then I think back to the very first mom I have ever worked with...my mom. When I refused my mom's initial suggestion into entering the priesthood at seminary school (she really tried!), she gracefully pivoted her hopes into getting me to a decent college that we all could afford. I think she did a fantastic job sending all six of us to college. I want to outline some of her traits that I feel made her, and some of the other moms that I have seen, successful with college planning.
1. Mom did not limit her children. I am always surprised when I hear of parents that have everything "lined-up" for their kids, with the type of career they should have or the spouse they should marry. With the exception of priesthood, my mother never intermingled her aspirations and dreams with mine. She always encouraged all of us to follow our own interests and choose our own paths in life. I have found that when students are engaged (with the right guidance) in their own college planning, success tends to follow. My Mom had high expectations but she also counted on us to find our own way. She always made us feel that we could do anything we set our minds to and that we could be successful with hard work, dedication and integrity.
2. Mom planned early. My Mom didn't wait until my junior year of high school to teach us that good grades were important. As long as I could remember, we just got good grades because it was our job to get good grades. We weren't incentivized like other students with money or toys. We were taught that learning was important and fun at a young age. I'll never forget when I got an envelope for Christmas when I was around 8 years old. What 8 year old wants an envelope for Christmas? Inside the envelope was a certificate that my Mom had started a prepaid college account for me. I casually tossed the envelope aside in search of more toys. I would never understand the full scope of her sacrifice and commitment of that gift until decades later. Suffice to say, the most successful families I work with are the ones that plan early.
3. Mom was always present. She wasn't a "helicopter" parent by any means. Despite working overtime at the post office, she always managed to make every award ceremony, school play, concert and parent-teacher conference. I never spent a moment disappointed or worried that she wouldn't be there. It's not an issue of always being there in proximity. It was more than that. She was engaged as a parent. It's a very subjective quality that is very difficult to define, but she had it. I saw evidence of this recently looking at old scrapbooks when I visited her recently. I was amazed at how she carefully archived just about every award and certificate that we amassed over the years. I don't know how she found the time. I don't know how she did it. I am just glad she did. Though I cannot fully describe this trait, I know it when I see it in other moms. In those situations, success is just about guaranteed.
To the original college planner, my mom. Happy Mother's Day!
I look like I'm still upset about that envelope I got for Christmas.Portuguese steak2013-04-23
- Cuisine: Portuguese
-
- Skill Level: Easy
- Servings : 2
- Prep Time : 5m
- Cook Time : 15m
- Ready In : 20m
Rate this recipe:
Want to prepare a different and special meal with beef steaks? Try to prepare Portuguese steaks with the traditional flavor of the ham that gives a special touch to your dish. Bon appetit!!
Units: Metric / (Units: US)
Ingredients
- 2 beef steaks (about 250 grams / (8 3/4 ounces))
- Ham slices (about 50 grams / (1 3/4 ounces))
- A drizzle of olive oil
- 4 cloves of garlic
- 50 ml / (3 1/3 tablespoons) white wine
- 1 bay leaf
- 2 tablespoons mustard
- Pepper (to taste)
- Salt (to taste)
Directions
Step 1
- Season the steaks with a little salt and pepper. Cut the ham slices into thin strips.
Step 2
- Heat the olive oil in a skillet. Fry the ham strips on both sides over medium-low heat until they turn slightly golden, about 3 to 4 minutes. When they are fried, place them on a dish with absorbent paper and set aside.
Step 3
- Add the steaks to the skillet and fry them on both sides over medium-low heat for about 7 to 8 minutes. Remove the steaks from the frying pan and set aside on a plate.
Step 4
- Add the white wine, bay leaf, the unpeeled crushed garlics and the mustard to the skillet and cook over medium-low heat about 2 to 3 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Step 5
- Turn off the heat, place the ham strips over the steaks and drizzle with the sauce. Serve with french fries cut into slices.
I grew up on a dirt road near a beef farm, running around cows and fully aware of their ultimate fate. Heck I even knew what breed they were, Charolais, sweet tempered with creamy white coats (they were very tolerant of two kids and a dachshund herding them from one pasture to another).
Max sitting
Originally uploaded by Teckelcar
Max sitting
Originally uploaded by Teckelcar
So I am very comfortable with being an omnivore with strong carnivorous leanings.
As a parent I have strived to educate our children where our food comes from. We have gone to farms, gathered eggs and marveled at the herds of cattle. Food does not just magically appear in little plastic bags at the supermarket. Steak in our household is called yummy cow.
This morning we were watching a cute early reading show on PBS called Word World. In it a few characters were trying to rope a cow. Max after a bit declared that he hated the cow, it was ugly. When asked about it he declared that it should be ribs instead and that would be much better.
I just had to laugh. I reached over and said he was mommy's little carnivore. Jake was then deeply offended and said that he liked ribs even more than Max. So we then told him he was my big carnivore and that seemed to work.The NS212 quick-disconnect couplings are nonspill fluid connectors. The coupling’s feature a twist-to-connect locking mechanism and double-sided nonspill shutoff valves in a space-saving design. The coupling’s very low air inclusion – air induced into the coupling upon connection – minimizes contaminants and reduces the need to purge fluid lines.
The couplings offer hose barb and pipe thread terminations and are available for tubing in 1/8 (3.2-mm) and ¼-in. (6.4-mm) ID. Configurations include pipe thread, in-line, and panel mount. The ferruless compression terminations connect to 0.25-in. OD (6.4-mm) and 0.17-in. ID (4.3mm) semi-rigid tubing. Pressure ranges from vacuum to 45 psi, and operating at temperatures from 32 to 120°F.
Colder Products Co. Inc.
1001 Westgate Dr.
St. Paul, MN 55114
(800) 444-2474
© 2011 Penton Media, Inc.
Stellar Interface is an Indie game that I have had the pleasure of playing through Steam on the PC. Each time you play the game you are placed into different runs through the game and once you are killed the run ends. Each stage within a run puts your ship back to full health so that you are able to go into the next level refreshed. Each stage gives the player three different possibilities of what the level could involve, broken down by a percentage, the closer a percentage is to 100 the more likely the level will involve one. The fourth variable that is presented is the level of difficulty which is rated from 1 to 5, 5 being the most difficult. Each run is different as the levels are procedurally generated so that the experience of a run is always different.
The game uses simple controls which don’t take up any real concentration, which is very helpful when you work up to threat levels 3+, as the difficulty for each level does increase quite dramatically. The arrow keys move the ship, x is fire, c is dash, z lets you cycle between available consumables and space activates the chosen consumable. My only irritation with the controls is you can use any combination of movement, such as right and down to move in a diagonal line, apart from backwards. Which when you are in an awkward situation with all sorts of enemies, would have been quite useful. Before you begin a run, the player can choose between ships that they have unlocked, some will tell you what is most effective weaponry to be used as you can choose from a number of different weapons that you would like to begin with. The ship is limited by something called RAM which indicates the amount of energy available to run the guns. If they become higher RAM than the ship provides then this mix cannot be used together. The consumables are greatly helpful in a tight spot however, they tend to effect a large area on the battlefield which can be lifesaving on a number of occasions.
After completing a stage the game presents the player with a chance to experiment with different power ups made available. Three will appear and each will tell you what it does, with the odd one not really specifying anything in particular which encourages you to just give it a shot and see what happens. These stack each level and help to make you a greater force to be reckoned with. These are different each run and can have a few different variations, with some even repeating so they can be made twice as effective. There are then different outcomes on each stage depending on the probability shown. If it is to be a normal stage then you are presented with a battlefield where an objective can be asked of you, or you just survive until the round finished, taking down as many enemies as you can. A merchant level presents the player chance to swap the gear on the ship, even unlocking new weapons which can then be used at the start of the game. A factory is the chance to be able to unlock a new ship, by completing the required mission for the level, the ship becomes available from the next run. A lost lord is a boss level, these tend to be difficult and present the player with a real test of skill. Probably one of the most important factors is the three missions that are visible throughout a run. These change each time and are to be achieved before you fail a stage. For each completed you unlock a cartridge which has a power up associated with it, when starting the next run you can pick from the unlocked and start with this power up on your ship. So the more you unlock the better the head start you can get.
This game has gone down the route of pixel art, which was not a bad choice, it gives the ships a bit of a retro feel which could gain the favour of players that enjoy this type of style but are usually a bit cautious around the permadeath game mechanic. I would have liked to see more variations of level settings as there are very few, I think this would have made runs more interesting and captured my interest as I enjoy the feel of not only the enemies changing but my surroundings. The variations of enemies is not bad, but I also feel like that would be something I would also like to see more of, however these can all be brought in with future game updates which would be great for the game when moving forward.
The music for this game is quite a generic techno soundtrack. It is simple but flows well with a constant rhythm which can help find your footing in some difficult stages. The sound effects are quite basic but are complimented slightly with the background music and graphics so they don’t tend to take away from the impact of the game.
The game does have a high level of replayability for a couple of different reasons. As I have already mentioned, a run is procedurally generated so every time a play through is started it has a different combination of enemies, objectives, missions and patterns. As a choice of one out of three upgrades is available at the end of each completed stage, it is possible to have different builds each play through so that different combinations can be tested to get a more functional ship. The game being a permadeath situation also means a run is short so a player isn’t sent back hours of gameplay time, reducing the frustration and making it easier to return time and time again
I enjoyed this game quite a lot. The leaps in difficulty kept me on my toes and the permadeath was not an issue as it meant I could attempt different builds and try my luck with new combinations. I feel the enemies and players ship are quite large, it would have been nice for these to be shrank down a little to get a feel of having more space to work with and the screen not feeling so crowded. The introduction to being able to move backwards in a diagonal line would be great too, as it is only a little control, it can have a great impact as even though I knew it wasn’t an available function, I still kept trying my luck. With these things in mind I will still return to this game frequently as it has the ease of being able to spend however much free time you have available. Whether this be half hour or a couple of hours, it is easy for time to go by as you try to push yourself further and further in search for defeating all of the lost lords and collecting all power ups possible..Streptocarpus 'Sashen'ka' (translation: nick-name for Alexander) was introduced in Russia by N. The extensive purple veining over the yellow lower lip makes the flowers eye-catching ᗷᕮᗩᑌ☂ᓰℱᕰᒪ!
Clematis Bourbon Type: Shrubs,Vines,Perennials Height: Tall () Bloom Time: Summer to Late Summer Sun-Shade: Full Sun Zones: Find Your Zone Soil Condition: Normal Flower Color / Accent: Red / PurpleSkills
- Business Consultation
- New Business Development
- Negotiation
- Sales
- Sales Management
- Leadership
- Startup Development
- Marketing
- Entrepreneurship
- Mentorship
- Marketing Strategy
- Branding
- Online Marketing
- Business Planning
- Management
- Business Development
- Project Management
- Business Strategy
- Research
- HTML
Work Experience
Roshdjoo.com
Project Manager
- Doing a qualitative project about Iranian Successful Businessmen
Shekamsalam.com
Founder and CEO
- ShekamSalam.com is the first Restaurant Discovery Guide in Iran. In this website, users are able to see all of the Guilan restaurants, coffee shops, catering centers and confectioneries with details like: Menu, Google Map, Photo Gallery, features, Working Hours, Contact Details and Address. Reviews written by users and rates given by them to restaurants are unique features of ShekamSalam.com.
Startup Grind
Rasht Chapter Director
- Startup Grind is a global startup community designed to educate, inspire, and connect entrepreneurs all around the world. Starting by an entrepreneur and empowering by Google, it is now running in more than 175 cities hosting more than 100K entrepreneurs globally.
wikimobile.ir
Co Founder & Marketing Management
- The Wiki-mobile was a special social network for cellphone lovers. The users were able to present their cellphone in this platforme and download or upload any softwares, Tunes, wallpapers & themes.
Honariran.ir
Co Founder
- The Honar-iran was a special social network for Art. The users were able to sent their graphic, painting and photography resumes and give feedback together.
Education
Jahad Daneshgahi
- Bachelor’s Degree
Information Technology
Borhan Niroye Shomal, Elmi Karbordi
- Associate’s Degree
Business Administration and Management
Social Media
Contact Info
- 0912087 ⬤ ⬤ ⬤ ⬤
- Rasht, IranThe painting is a Christmas gift for my sister-in-law. I'm not entirely pleased with how it turned out. I'd have liked to make the top part of the tongue rounder than flat, and have the right ear higher on the head, and probably make the shape of the head a little rounder than oval. But it's supposed to be somewhat abstract and not necessarily immediately recognizable, so it will do as is. Next time i'll have to be sure i'm happy with the drawing before getting on with the painting.
In this painting i experimented with a couple ways of adding texture. In the tongue, i put down some pinks and blacks in wet paint, and then lay cellophane that was kind of wrinkly in the wet paint. I pulled the cellophane off when the paint was dry. I wish i hadn't put so much black in the mix and only used pink and white for the tongue.
To make the trees in the background, i lay the cellophane down and scooted several colours under it and then waited for the paint to dry before lifting off the wrap.
For the hair on the cheeks and the grass, i made some hard scratches on the paper with a pallet knife to represent individual hairs and blades of grass. I'm not entirely pleased with that either. Maybe i should try making lighter scratches and doing several layers of scratches and paint and let it dry between each application?
The final version differs from the earlier photo because i painted over the white fence with green grass paint and blended the trees with wet green paint as well. I didn't want the white fence to pop so much. I also added a layer of reddish paint to the body to match the colour of the head better.
Dianne marvelled at how much better it looks framed. I agree. Framing anything seems to make a huge improvement.Table 5
Distribution Of Black And Hispanic a/
Public School Students
New York State
2007-08
a/ "Hispanic" includes Mexican, Central American, South American, Cuban, Puerto Rican, Latin American and other Spanish-speaking origin.
This table summarizes data on black and Hispanic students enrolled in public schools during the 2007-08 school year. Although 39.7 percent of the State's public school students were black or Hispanic (see Table 4), these students were not equally distributed among the school districts. New York City enrolled 65.0 percent of the total number of these two minority groups; the "Big Five", collectively, enrolled 72.7 percent. Eco-Friendly Tote Bag Shopping
Lydia tote bag and services are always free of charge to any woman anywhere who is currently undergoing treatment for any type of cancer.
Claim a FREE reusable Eco-Friendly tote bag for all your shopping. Revamp your look with a totally free tote bags.
Help preventing plastic bag products from polluting the oceans around the world. LydiaIn offering free reusable shopping bag with a choice of four new designs, perfect for everyday use, with all your daily shopping.
Most companies are offering free personalized shopping bags to their clients. You can use eco friendly grocery bags many times.
Invironmentally friendly shopping bags are very durable and will last for long time, because most of the reusable bagbags are made of canvas which is strong. "Available worldwide"Return to ads
All categories
Danny Devito Limoncello
Danny Devito Limoncello
Posted by
Posting ads for 49 years
Posting ads for 49 years
This weekend sees the launch of Limoncello, the new after-dinner liqueur brand by Danny Devito.Limoncellos were unveiled by the 62-year-old tiny actor/director at a cocktail reception in his Miami restaurant which was by invitation only..
New AdsOrders placed during the weekends or the following holidays will ship the next business day.
The Belfast's harmonious design pays homage to the heritage of the classic 3/4 open face helmet. A perfect balance of retro style, modern comfort and state-of-the-art technology.
(1) Helmet
(1) Helmet bag
Instructions and a manual
Part 3308443.DESCRIPTION: High quality Ethiopian Welo crystal opal cabochon. Rolling flashfire
pattern.
WEIGHT: 0.73CT
SIZE: 7x7x2.5mm (6mm=1/4 inch)
TYPE: Ethiopian Welo Opal(Very Bright)
COMMENT: Saturated play-of-color. “Reserve Auction”-bidding reserve must be reached to activate auction.
High quality, well cut commercial Welo opals,hand selected. Natural and untreated. I
use special full spectrum lights to closely reflect full sunlight color and
brightness in the pictures and video.
In my listings, “BRILLIANT” is a 5/5 brightness indoors and outside in direct
sunlight. “VERY BRIGHT” is 4.5/5 indoors and 5/5 outside. “BRIGHT” is 4/5 indoors
and 5/5 outside. “AVERAGE BRIGHTNESS” is 3.5 indoors and 4+ outside.
(CC4)
Very pretty opal. Super well packaged. Thank you!5.00CT~VERY BRIGHT ETHIOPIAN WELO OPAL CAB~
The Verified Seller has provided accurate and complete information for this natural ethiopian opal ,including weight & dimensionAnderson Douglas T Dds
552 S Washington St 220 Ste Naperville, Illinois 60540(630) 357-2525
Print | Save | Directions
AboutAnderson Douglas T Dds is located at the address 552 S Washington St in Naperville, Illinois 60540. They can be contacted via phone at (630) 357-2525 for pricing, hours and directions. Anderson Douglas T Dds specializes in Headaches, Sleep Apnea, Oral Disease.
Anderson Douglas T Dds has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .For more information contact Douglas Anderson,
Anderson Douglas T Dds provides Referrals, Cleanings, Examinations to it's customers. For maps and directions to Anderson Douglas T Dds view the map to the right. For reviews of Anderson Douglas T Dds see below.
Business Features
SERVICES
- Dentures , Examinations , Health Maintenance , Referrals , General Dentistry , Orthodontics , Cleanings , Teeth Whitening , Bridges , Braces
SPECIALTIES
- Headaches , Dentistry , Injuries , Pediatric Dentistry , Periodontics , Oral Disease , Sleep Apnea , Cavities , Pain Treatments , Snoring
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (630) 357-2525
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Douglas
Main Contact Last Name: Anderson
Main Contact Title: Dentist
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 120000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Joseph Haselhorst Dds
507 S Main St Naperville, Illinois 60540
Dupage Family Medicine
636 Raymond Dr Naperville, Illinois 60563
Dupage Med Grp
1220 Hobson Rd Ste 204 Naperville, Illinois 60540
Mill Street Dental Assoc
1250 N Mill St Ste 103 Naperville, Illinois 60563
ERHART MICHAEL J DDS
1879 Bay Scott Cir Naperville, Illinois 60540
Liedtke Orthodontics
1212 S Naper Blvd Ste 116 Ste 116 Naperville, Illinois 60540
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews
Key Contacts
- Douglas AndersonYou are here
Mercedes AMG GT3 lands in 2016
This will get confusing very quickly, so please pay attention. Mercedes-Benz has announced that the Mercedes-AMG GT3 - the racing version of the new Mercedes-AMG GT - will launch in 2016.
That’s a lot of AMGs and GTs in one sentence, but it’s a big bit of news, though not entirely unexpected. At the Paris Motor Show earlier this year, AMG boss Tobias Moers confirmed to TopGear.com that the new AMG GT sportscar would spawn a variety of models.
So here’s one for the Nomex brigade. We’re told that testing of the “new sportscar based on the street version” will commence next year (that’s 2015), with a season debut at the beginning of 2016.
And that’s about all we can tell you at the moment, but for those of you who’ve just shelled out for a racing SLS GT3, fear not: Mercedes will continue to support the big ol’ gullwing even after the AMG GT3’s launch.
It’s been quite the success story for Mercedes too, that racing SLS GT3. Since AMG began the customer sports programme in 2010, the SLS AMG GT3 has achieved some 182 overall victories, 98 pole positions and 930 top ten positions.
In this year alone, the SLS GT3 has scored 34 overall race victories, six titles in championships across the globe, two endurance race victories, 52 class victories, 101 podium positions, 228 top ten positions, 29 pole positions and 416 race starts. That’s… a lot.
So, the SLS’s little brother, the AMG GT3, has some big shoes to fill. The road-going version, as we’ve found out, isn’t too shabby a base, either. Read TG’s road test here. If you’re utterly confused about the Mercedes-AMG GT’s racing version called the Mercedes-AMG GT3 built by Mercedes-Benz, then please, just have a lie down somewhere.
Pictured: Mercedes AMG GT S Edition 1
What do you think?
This service is provided by Disqus and is subject to their privacy policy and terms of use. Please read Top Gear’s code of conduct (link below) before posting.The wife of the Vice President, Mrs Matilda Amissah-Arthur, has expressed concern about the increasing newborn mortality rate (NMR) in the country and called for concerted efforts by the general public to deal with the issue.
She said statistics from the Ghana Health Service (GHS) indicated that at least 320 out of 1,000 children under five years, died annually, and out of the figure, 120 were newborn.
Mrs Amissah-Arthur was speaking at the launch of “Helping Babies Breathe (HBB)” programme for trainees in Sunyani in the Brong Ahafo Region.
The HBB is an initiative by the Newmont Mining Company aimed at providing skilled training to birth attendants and other healthcare practitioners to equip them with the techniques of dealing with birth asphyxia, which occurs when babies do not breathe at birth due to trauma, and fatigue during labour.
The programme is being implemented by the company, in collaboration with Project CURE, a United States non-governmental organisation, in line with the United Nations Millennium Development Goal (MDG) Four, which relates to reducing child mortality.
Strategies
Mrs Amissah-Arthur said on July 30, 2014, Ghana launched a national newborn care strategy and action plan to focus much attention on reducing neonatal mortality rate in the country.
She explained that the project, which was to run from 2014 to 2018, was to reduce neonatal deaths by five per cent annually and reach a national rate of 21 deaths per 1,000 births by 2018.
However, she said, the current neonatal death rate showed that there was still more to be done to reach the targeted goal by 2018.
According to her, the strategy would tackle policy gaps and professional practices in order to reduce the figures drastically.
Caring for newborn babies
Mrs Amissah-Arthur explained that “Evidence shows that 50 per cent of newborn babies’ death occurred within 24 hours of life”, noting that “there is now a concerted effort to work towards the reduction of newborn deaths”.
She said it was important that birth attendants knew exactly what to do and how to handle issues related to new births especially within the first few minutes of birth, adding, “If those crucial minutes are not handled properly, it can be very fatal because the first few minutes of the birth of a baby are very crucial”.
Mrs Amissah-Arthur advised birth attendants to treat women in labour with patience, stressing that “When you attend to the woman with love, it makes it easier for the woman to deliver”.
She commended Newmont Ghana for introducing the HBB programme, describing it as the much-needed approach to save newborn babies,and expressed the hope that the trainers would take the workshop seriously to enable them train their colleagues as well.
Essence of the training
The Director for External Affairs and Communications of Newmont Ghana, Ms Adiki Ayitevie, said HBB “is an evidence- based programme to teach simple interventions that will reduce over 90 per cent of newborn deaths”.
She added that the country had a high newborn mortality rate due to birth asphyxia, prolonged labour and obstructed labour.
She also said the programme was expected to train 24 nurses, midwives and community birth attendants in the region after which the trainees would be expected to train other identified people in the communities for greater impacts.Silicone wristbands, much more commonly referred to as baller i.d.’s, can not be divorced in this generation’s item. It defines one’s vogue statement, personality empowerment, social awareness so and so..
There is no age bar in wearing this rubber bracelets and it is put on by all age group and even celebrities wear this bands to market a product or for charity goal. Apart from vogue function, it is used for numerous very good functions so everyone can wear these silicone wristbands.Choose the greatest manufactures and dealers who promote these bands and get these silicone wristbands in an reasonably priced cost and with greatest good quality.Quick Fundraising Suggestions For Colleges This 12 Months
My pussy eaten good, ladies back bbw personal pictures, sex tape in crescent city ca chat ads phoenix arizona line. Love to fuck from ragland. Want to fuck tupelo, chat line phone numbers, men to fuck in conyers ga for sex. Having sex with midgets videos. Who like to have pussy.
Hunger sex girl, high profile girlsimags, pics in sacramento, massage boca raton, fucked sexy girl best ads phoenix arizona pictures. City in nc that want bbw personal to fuck in mesa. Photo of lady make sex with adult person. Real a pussy, nude looking for good sex. Naked at home family.
Menc to fuck them, bbw personal pussy and ass riding, relation in liverpool, figure mature wife, cuck hot image, head in pussy nude photo. City a sex, looking woman masterbating, the horney nudes, twin falls idaho meet people for sex in kentucky no sign up fresno online girls that wanna fuck right. Ladies that luv sex, who want to see cock. To get naked and play.
Girls nude bbw personal video murf, mxit girls cape town, opened by fuck pictures, ads phoenix arizona doing sex nude male an female bbw personal couples for full swap. Amatuer adult female ads phoenix arizona masterbation, sexy in first night images. Nude old ladys funny.
Looking bbw personal girls fuck ads phoenix arizona for cash. Fucking couple photos, wives with black lovers, meth and love to fuck. Cock at home photos, erotic chat line, go badu sex videos, naked photo to girlfriend.
Large lady fucking blacks, give massage bbw personal in louisville, with big boobs on skype. To boys hot sex relastion ships. Girl fucking photos in bra penty. Naked boobs and body, sucking women for fun in utah. Looking for encounter, ads phoenix arizona town naked photo, shot photos pacific islanders.
Horny housewife las vegas, when fucking hard, ads phoenix arizona girls who want to fuck midland. Madden from montebello, women pussy only video, cheting wives sheridan wyoming, city center florida, pussy and cunts, clothes for women at walmart. For bbw personal the want of money.
Show pussy pic from back. To fuck pussy pics, sex with grils, to meet to have sex. Fukking a gratedane pictures, girls geting fuck bbw personal in bastrop la naked. Best girls ever naked sexy.
Wanting sex tonight perth, girls and women pussy sex pic aunti having. For sex in northwest indiana. Ads phoenix arizona woman pussy from holyoke. Naked big boobs old women. Sister can i see your pussy photos.
No sine up fuck book. Caught fucking friend, city video hairy lave, sex ads phoenix arizona with girls tonight, horny women in ivins utah. Fuck in petoskey, golden shower pics love, about big dick, north myrtle beach swingers.
Into your pussy, want to fuck in ludington. Girl hitted in person xvideo. Naked and wanking, girl pussy bbw personal photos, breast sucking to ads phoenix arizona sex, fucks me posed, with horney women ontario.
Wife dont realy want to vidoes. For private fuck, from lubbock texas pics, hang out in stamford, women in florida who fuck. City that want to suck cock in utah. Girl and ads phoenix arizona fuck.
Want ads phoenix bbw personal arizona to fuck in port jefferson. Will fit in me, changed into women, above naked pics, woman with pic looking for sex rooms in vermont. Looking for males that want to have sex now phone numbers or juba ladies ready for sex. Husban end friens, freaks in detroit mich, milfs in jackson, georgia show pics.
Farmington nm pictures, sex in pretoria plus, knows how to have a good time amarillo. Bang fucking pics, woman se movies, girls in cape coral, fuck in cleveland, that want bbw personal sex in dillon. Very large penises.
Facebook Home Your Account Terms of Service Contact Twitter Privacy Policy About usStayed here in June during some rainy weather. The club house is gorgeous and the rooms were comfortable. My partner said both golf courses were the best he has played. One of the courses is private but some friendly members invited him to join them.
The food in the Trailhead restaurant and the more casual bar setting was great, especially the truffle and cheese popcorn. The staff were friendly and accommodating.
The pool and spa area is breathtaking and I would recommend asking for rooms in this area. Our room was in one of the buildings furthest away and the view from the side was of the employee parking lot.
The internet in the rooms was spotty, slow, and unreliable. The soundproofness of the rooms is also not what you would expect given the high quality of the resort.
- Hotels.com, Booking.com, Agoda, Priceline, Hotwire and getaroom.com so you can book your Pronghorn Resort reservations with confidence. We help millions of travelers each month to find the perfect hotel for both vacation and business trips, always with the best discounts and special offers.D.W.
Hi C.,
Dont panic....its not the end of the world. I would recommend using vinegar as a rinse for the next couple of nights. After shampooing them use the vinegar as a rinse and leave it in over night (wrapped in a towel) and rinse the next morning. Vinegar is an astringent. Nits have a hard time holding on to slick hair shafts. I would not use any over the counter lice products ever! They are very toxic!
You have already started the process on washing bed linens and as long as you clean and disinfect brushes and combs, you should be ok. If you do happen to find a live lice, I would apply color instead of any over the counter products.I think we went around and saw everyone we're related to except for my older sister and my husband's mother (oh, but don't worry! We're going there in the near future).
Sorry it's been so long since I've written! I was in three Christmas concerts, voluteered for a fundraiser, made a ton of dog sweaters for an event, competed in a baking contest, made cookbooks for my sisters, had 3 out of town Christmases and hosted two different sets of relatives here. Phew! Luckily my house stayed pretty clean, so a few swiffers to pick up the extra dogs lying around my house and some cleaned bathroom counters and mirrors were all that was needed.
I don't know about you ladies out there, but my husband is not a very talented wrapper or cook, which means all of that was left to me. I admire you women who have children and have to wrap tons of small presents. The only kids I have to wrap for are the triplets (my husband and his two brothers) and I mostly just stuff all their gifts in one box so it's easy to wrap!
I have this problem though. You see, my mother-in-law is a super perfect wrapper. Her other sons just dump their presents off at her house to wrap. I save her the trouble and wrap our own, but I have to do a very good job because they will be scrutinized. I think I did pretty well this year, despite this really terrible photo.
As a gift this year my dad bought me this kiln from a public surplus auction. I'm super excited! I need to get my garage rewired (that, or unplug my dryer, it's a 220 volt) and get the kiln serviced. Then I'm going to crank that baby into action! Finally a use for my ceramics degree...
For my sisters this year I got together with my Grandmothers and collected the family recipes we grew up with and love. I spent hours reading recipes my Great-Grandmothers had hand written, and typed them up with little stories and anecdotes that my Grandmothers added in. I ran out of time and couldn't type everything they sent me. It ended up being 108 pages total. I put it in some nice 3-ring binders so we can add more in the future. I really hope my sisters like them.
I also found this hysterical item with a bad translation on it. Husband and I laughed until we cried. So naturally I bought it for my friend that owns the barn. I think it's a piggy bank? Minus the piggy.
Oh! Husband ordered a new printer/scanner for us! Our current scanner is broken (printer too, for that matter) and so soon I'll be able to scan in some comics! We plan to use our current printer for target practice when the new one comes in, this one is awful.
How about you? What did you get for Christmas? Do you have trouble trying to maintain appearances around Christmas for your family or in-laws?Featured
10 - 15k KM
Automatic
Kuala Lumpur
Sales Agent This 'Trusted Dealer' has a proven track record of upholding the best car selling practices certified by Carlist.my
2013 BMW 528i 2.0 M Sport Sedan - 520i twin turbo 8G camera Keyless SE push start
Unreg bmw 520i twin turbo engine and 2013yr and f10 and keyless go push start engine and ...
RM 1,889/month
RM 145,700Flash Games Are The Advanced Version In The Computer Gaming
Let’s take a good look with the Nintendo Wii U; the console itself is a small, sleek and plain design, but tend to generate 1080p HD Graphics and it is powered by an IBM multi-core processor. The Nintendo Wii U carries a slight edge over its competitors as we use power and visuals alone. But the main feature from the console isn’t its graphics, since this is Nintendo remember and Nintendo don’t do normal! It is the controller containing got mouths moving and heads turning rendering it a quite impressive piece of kit.
Far from the headaches of physically trading games, gonna game shops to get games, and paying sky-scraping prices for UMDs, downloadable PSP games supply you with easy transfer completed over the Internet. Never again are you gonna be needing buying another UMD. With fast download speeds, a good moderate Internet connection can keep you afloat, averting your costly gaming shopping and instead saving you money on your favorite passions. What?s more is you can manage an active game collection as soon as the download on your PC, updating it weekly or fortnight, and then injecting a new game to your PSP anytime to. That way it will save you some time to will have a ready access to play whatever genre that suits your overall mood.
So you can find the policies. The only thing left to take into account is whether or not these are generally sufficient to make certain a reasonable game day in and day out. I’m going to come straight out and point out that there should be some work done on these rules. I see a problem when the majority of the reviews are available in the previous few minutes of a game. In case you adored this information in addition to you wish to receive more information regarding coins and cash in pixel gun 3d kindly pay a visit to the page. I’m a firm believer that instant replay should be utilized for discrepancies in calls regardless how a lot of time remains around the clock. With the amount of close games which might be decided by a couple of points that occur nightly during the season, one possession could be the determining element in victory or even a loss. Plus, if you believe concerning the affect that particular game may have on a team’s season the impact of just one bad call begins to grow. The west happens to be stacked with many good teams and also the cut off for making it in the playoffs is quite tight. The margin for losses is dwindled into literally 1 or 2 games. So if one bad speak to the 1st or second quarter could affect regardless of whether a team wins or loses a sport, and another bad contact the 1st or second quarter can determine if a teams causes it to be to the post-season. That, if you ask me, is a huge impact.
Online horse racing games have amazing graphics and so are 3D naturally to maximize the thrill. You can enjoy playing on the full screen and after winning a race, win exciting prizes also. Some of the on the internet sites even provide with wallpapers of lovely horses, that you can download and also have as your desktop wallpaper. Free horse racing games could be sought out web downloaded on your PC.Audi of Naperville
1527 Aurora Ave Naperville, Illinois 60540
Print | Save | Directions
AboutAudi of Naperville is located at the address 1527 Aurora Ave in Naperville, Illinois 60540. Audi of Naperville specializes in Trucks, Sedans, German.
Audi of Naperville has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .For more information contact Joel Weinberger, Owner
Audi of Naperville provides Engine Work, Oil Changes, Locating Service to it's customers. For maps and directions to Audi of Naperville view the map to the right. For reviews of Audi of Naperville see below.
Business Features
PRODUCTS
- Electronics , Convertible , Accessories , Body Kits , Used Cars , Sedans , Used Vehicles , Exhaust Systems , Rebuilt Parts , Struts
SERVICES
- Engine Work , Inspections , Struts , Machine Shop , Locating Service , Oil Changes , Painting , Exhaust Systems , Equipment Rental , Mufflers
BRANDS
- Lexus , BMW , Michelin , Pontiac , Jeep , Subaru , Mercury , Jaguar , Chevrolet , GMC
SPECIALTIES
- European , No Credit , Minivans , German , Sedans , Performance Cars , Credit Problems , Trucks
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 8
Exact Sales Volume: 750000
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
A C Motor Parts Inc
2140 Fulham Dr Naperville, Illinois 60564
Valley Honda
1131 Daisy Ln Naperville, Illinois 60564
Land Rover of Naperville
1559 Ogden Ave Naperville, Illinois 60540
Bill Jacobs BMW
1564 W Ogden Ave Naperville, Illinois 60540
Lexus of Naperville
2480 Aurora Ave Naperville, Illinois 60540
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews
Key Contacts
- Joel Weinberger
- OWNER
- Phone: (630) 388-1000
- William Calderon
- MANAGER
- Phone: (630) 388-1000. Broadcast on progressive, volunteer, community station KRFP Radio Free Moscow every Wednesday between 1:30 and 3 pm PDT, on-air at 90.3 FM and online, the show covers continent-wide, community opposition to fossil fuel projects, thanks to the generous, anonymous listener who adopted program host Helen Yost as her KRFP DJ.
Climate Justice Forum: Second Lake Pend Oreille Rail Bridge, Abandoned Alaska Coal Mining Proposal, Standing Rock Water Protector Workshop, Shelley Brock on Idaho Oil & Gas Invasions, Anti-Repression Organizer on Dakota Access Pipeline Resistance 4-26-17
AdvertisementsThe market for medical aesthetic devices in the Middle East and North Africa has witnessed substantial growth since its inception. In the recent times, there has been a noticeable rise in adoption of aesthetic procedure among consumers in these regions, which has reflected greatly on this market.
Middle East and North Africa Medical Aesthetic Devices Market: Snapshot
The introduction of new aesthetics products and the technological advancement in current offerings, improving their efficacy and reducing their downtime for busy patients seeking to avoid long recovery periods are also expected to drive the growth of this market in the years to come.
View Report @…vices-market.html.
Get accurate market forecast and analysis on the MENA Medical Aesthetic Devices Market. Request a sample to stay abreast on the key trends impacting this market.…&rep_id=23090=23090
-The villains he battled in each film, starting with the cheesy 1966 Batman: The Movie and ending with Christopher Nolan’s The Dark Knight Rises in 2012. Since Batman tends to battle the same villains over and over, the poster also provides a few different versions of the Joker, the Penguin, Two-Face, and Catwoman.
Evolution of Batman Films Poster Print
- Limited edition of 300
- Signed by the artist
The Evolution of Batman Films Poster Print is available for $35 at Jeff Victor’s Big Cartel store.
(via GeekTyrant)Here is another quick and easy bento lunch.
Truly these are fast lunches to throw together ~ I promise!
All I had to do was divide up the cantelope using my melon baller and cut up a few cheese sticks.
Today we have melon balls, grapes, shredded chicken {from a whole chicken bought at the deli}, a cheese bun {stored in the freezer}, cheese, banana chocolate chip muffin {from the freezer} and teddy cookies. Little sword skewer found at Walmart.
Do your kids have a favorite school snack?
2 Comments
I like this one-cute!
Thanks Tennille! xoThe overall structure of the aurora is driven by magnetospheric processes. Thus the aurora tends to form an oval which does not co-rotate with the Earth. Rather, the continents rotate relative to the aurora. The aurora usually crosses Alaska, central Canada and northern Scandinavia. The oval extends to lower latitudes on the nightside and, since auroral events tend to occur as a result of energetic particle injections towards the Earth from the distant magnetotail, the nightside of the Earth is frequently where the action is. The most intense, unusual events are due to particle injections deep into the magnetosphere which then produce auroras over the mid- to low-latitude states.
This immediately recognizable format along with accompanying information on the storm's progression and possible impact to ground systems should help news organizations make our space weather outreach efforts more accessible to ordinary consumers.
Louis Frank and John Sigwarth of the University of Iowa will work with the POLAR project office and GSFC PAO to develop an outreach package and make these images readily available to news and weather sources for interesting solar-terrestrial events.Lot of stairs up and down. Going up was tough. Have seen a lot better waterfalls. Very small... read more
Lot of stairs up and down. Going up was tough. Have seen a lot better waterfalls. Very small... read more
If you go the way back to the rice terraces of Batad it can be challenging but it is worth it... read more
1 - 10 of 155 reviews
Lot of stairs up and down. Going up was tough. Have seen a lot better waterfalls. Very small. Not really worth the hike. Rather save your energy and hike more of the rice terraces
If you go the way back to the rice terraces of Batad it can be challenging but it is worth it. Unfortunately it was top cold to get refreshed
+ 6000 steps to go down the hills to the water falls. Refreshing water for a swim at the end of our walking day (rice terraces and water fall+16,000 steps) great experience, great workout and well worth it.
The path to the falls starts from a cafe above the rice terraces. Lots of steps down, but not treacherous like some of the others in the valley, as they are wide and well made and with a handrail. After rain, the current was far...More
Simply amazingly beautiful. It was a very long hike but you get to forget the hard work once you get to see this hidden gem. Wear comfy shoes, bring drinking water, frolic in the water once you get there but I will not recomment swimming...More
The long 1-2 hour trek from Ramon's Homestay (or the Batad elementary school) is totally worth it. You'll be blessed with walking through the breathtaking Batad rice terraces. Once you're near, you can feel and hear the power of the raging waterfalls. You'll be welcomed...More
The best trek are the hard ones for sure and to be able to get to Tappiyah falls (Batad falls) one must trek up and down rice terraces. It was extremely difficult specially if you go there during rainy season (like I did), it was...More
I started to do this tour alone without guide but due to heavy rains it was difficult to climb as certain path are difficult to walk or climb, certainly if you fear the heights. Unfortunately almost near the waterfalls I returned cause rain made it...More
A LOT OF STAIRS! But it was totally worth it, such a beauty, and I enjoyed it very much. A nice trip indeed
I and my boyfriend stayed in Batad for 3 days and we realized that we should have stayed a little longer. We made an itinerary on a day-to-day basis of what are we going to do. We never expected to visit Tappiya Falls since people...MoreAcupuncture points to be forever young
Recent research has thrown the importance of five points which when stimulated contribute to improving health and prolonging life. These points are:
No. 1 Qihai, also called the inferior pubic region. Its literal translation means "ocean of vital breath", so, this place or area is an immense reservoir of life, vital breath.
No. 2 Baihui, It is effective in relieving palpitations, dizziness, insomnia, amnesia.
Home > Dispatches
> Daily Dispatches 2014 > Daily Dispatch #90
March 31, 2014: Dog Training: Dog is in the Details
I have been thinking that a search and rescue dog (all disciplines included) can only be as good as its trainer. If you don’t take your dog to training, the dog won’t make any progress. And if you don’t work your dog during the training session, the dog won’t make any progress. Seems like these statements border on the obvious. Actually, they are blindingly obvious, which is why some don’t fully realize this.
Yesterday, dog was in the details. By this I mean that in the process of doing a day’s training with Ryder, the above came to mind many, many times and were in fact a motivator.
The training venue was Hatcher Pass, which is in mountain country. Pete and I arrived – saw that the Mat Sat trailer was there, and that Steve (the logistics expert) was signing out radios, probes, beacons, and vests. And Stacie B. was passing out printed maps/instructions with the day’s plan. She explained to us that we were going to do avalanche work, upwards of where we were based. There would be three staging areas, and each one would contain a subject, a group leader, and a third person, who would assist with avalanche rescue protocol and maintain contact with the buried subject. All would be present when the dogs in training searching for the subject.
We were all to be shuttled to the staging areas with snowmachines; as would be our dogs. The more experienced dogs would go up first. They would find the subjects in the three staging areas.
So, Stacey Re and I were taken, via snowmachine, to Staging Area II. I wasn’t relishing the thought of riding in that sled. And, quite frankly, it was unnerving, bouncing around in that thing. As Steve sped up, I hung on for dear life. Once on site, I basked in the glory of my having remained in place, I then quickly got down to the business of getting a snow cave ready for the first subject. This turned out to be Aaron’s daughter Becky (he is the fellow with the Saint Bernard). Becky, 10, was an idea subject. She was articulate, and let us know, via radio, that she was okay. Shortly thereafter, she was “rescued by Vicky Parks and Bettles.
I was next buried in an adjacent snow cave and was “found” by Vikki Gross’s dog Taiya. (In this instance, the dog was to locate me and then run over to another cave, where she was to locate another subject. It was what I called a rough find—the roof of the cave collapsed on my back, neck, and head. I could not move. I remained calm, and focused on my breathing. Soon enough, the people on hand extricated me.
It was then time to work the more inexperienced dogs. So, I took a snowmachine ride downhill (on the back) and got Ryder. I’d been told to hang on to her, and not let go of her, for if she baled, it would be twice as hard to get her back into the trailer. We took off – she squirmed and wiggled, and tried her damnedest to free herself of my grasp. I hung onto her (as Pete would say) like a drunk hangs onto his beer). Finally, dog and owner arrived at Staging Area II.
Ryder was then (quite quickly) put to work. Joyce, Ryder’s subject, hid in an uncovered snow cave. Ryder repeatedly raced over to, and located Joyce, who played tug with the very frisky dog. Joyce, like so many others, was a very good subject. We did this a few times, then (and this was the tough part) quit while we were ahead. Ryder did, during the process of this portion of her training, become more comfortable with getting into the cave.
After, Ryder and I got into a differt snowmachine sled and proceeded downhill. I had been fretting about the downhill run, but this time, Ryder was more relaxed. I loosened my grip a bit, and she relaxed even more.
I figured that the work day was over. But no, there was to be a grande finale. Turned out it was a good one. As Steve (the snowmachine guy) told those of us who were in parking lot, if we wanted, he would take us and our dogs up to where there had recently been an avalanche, and walk across the debris. As he added, it would be difficult walking, and maybe hard on the dogs. I decided that I’d go up solo, and check it out. And if it appeared to be safe, I’d go back and get Ryder. As it turned out, I didn’t need to go back for Ryder. Pete, who’d spent his day in Staging Areas I and II volunteered to go back with Steve and get her. So this is what he did. We were soon joined by all who were still in attendance.
It was an instance of safety first. We paired up, and in groups, walked up to, and onto the avalanche rubble. I cannot fully describe what it feels like to walk around in an avalanche debris zone. I can say that it’s humbling – I was reminded (again) that nature (when it wants to be) is a strong, powerful, formidable force. And, conversely, we are a small force in comparison.
Pete and I went up and walked on the ice chunks together. Ryder, wise dog that she is, did not scramble along beside us; but rather, she did an outrun on the adjacent non-debris area. However, once we were on the top, she scrambled up the concrete-like slabs and joined us.
The words that came to mind in clambering (note, I used this word in talking about yesterday’s debris) about where ‘At Play in the Fields of the Lord.’” This is the title of a Peter Mattheson book, one in which he spent considerable time in high country.
We all began the descent to the parking lot after finishing our respective walkabouts. The high point of Ryder’s day was being allowed to race downhill and play with the other dogs, three of whom are herding stock. I then realized that toys aren’t the only reward. Training days like this simply have to end on an extraordinarily good note.
Back to my initial idea, that a search and rescue dog is only being as good as its owner. This wasn’t the easiest of days for me. I wasn’t too keen on the prospect of being hauled around in a snowmobile sled. And I was less keen about the prospect of being hauled around in a snowmobile sled with Ryder. And I wasn’t overly thrilled about being buried alive in a snow cave. And I had my reservations about walking around in an avalanche debris area. This is because I tend to fear the worst. But I did it all because I trusted Stacie B and those who had put her initial plan into action. This now begs the question; would I ever do this again? The answer is yes, in a heartbeat.
Vickie and Bettles on sled
Tara doing Avalanche Rescue PracticeSingles Women Looking Local Partner
Local single woman is looking for get laid tonight. Now for free register to find some on special partner from near by me for date. Join us today and meet local singles women for casual dating or browse all sexy female personals in your area. Find single women looking hot guys for dating. Meet divorced women dating for local hookups. Mature ladies looking no strings attached younger guys. Make free online hookups with sexy female for one night stand. Make lesbian dating with beautiful women at home nearest area.
Your search found 2771 profiles of Women
Miss_HoneyEx-Skins CB says 'late-quarter stat hound' Kirk Cousins will 'bankrupt the team'
Fred Smoot did not mince words when asked about Kirk Cousins
There has been a healthy few months of Kirk Cousins debate, with people screaming and shouting about whether or not he deserves a rich new contract from the Redskins. Washington declined to end that particular debate by franchising him for a second straight season.
And so, with Cousins laying an egg of sorts against the Eagles on Sunday, the debate continues. Some folks are taking a wait-and-see approach for Cousins, particularly as he goes against his old offensive coordinator Sean McVay, now with the Los Angeles Rams.
Former Redskins defensive back Fred Smoot, appearing on ESPN 980 via Dan Steinberg of the Washington Post, is not taking that approach. He's going with the more popular and incendiary "burn it all" tactic, saying Cousins should not be "off the hook" for slow starts again this season and that Cousins will "bankrupt the team" if they cave on his contract demands.
"We cannot let Kirk off the hook with this," Smoot said. "It starts with him, and he starts slow every year. People don't understand: Sometimes you've got to look at the package for what it is. We're talking about a quarterback that demands $20 million-plus a year, that hasn't won a playoff game, bad in the red zone, throws for four or five thousand yards but can't complete and end drives. He's also [29] years old."
The age thing is real and something that isn't talked about enough with respect to Cousins. He will be 30 years old by the time the season rolls around next year. Quarterbacks are playing into their 30's with regularity, but paying a somewhat unproven quarterback millions and millions of guaranteed dollars at the age of 30 can be a questionable move. It's probably why the two sides don't have a deal worked out.
Smoot likened it to a dating situation (apropos of that, he would also remind you that the Vikings "Loveboat" scandal was overrated and has some interesting things to say about okra), in which some guy has to "guilt trip" a girl into dating him.
"The thing about it, you don't want to guilt trip that girl into dating you; you want her to date you because she loves you, because she wants to be with you," Smoot said. "And this girl has made it clear: She don't really like us that much. Kirk is the girl. At the end of the day, Kirk don't really like us as much as he says he does. Because either one [of two things] is gonna happen: Either he's gonna make us pay him all this money and bankrupt the team to the [point] that we can't get nobody to help him win and we're gonna be mediocre for the next five years, [or he'll leave]."
But wait, there's more! Smoot also said that the Redskins don't have an identity because Cousins' only identity is a "late-quarter stat hound."
"You wonder why we ain't got no identity on offense? Because he doesn't have an identity," Smoot added. "What, he's a late-quarter stat hound? He's a completion guy that can't throw outside the numbers? He's a guy that cannot get in the end zone? Look at the numbers in the red zone last year! That's decision-making. When the field gets small, it's all about pulling the trigger."
The Cousins debate was fueled heavily by two things: 1) we know that Cousins turned down a $53 million deal because Bruce Allen told everyone about it and 2) Cousins does put up huge stats but people don't think he's a WINNER. He didn't close out against the Panthers or Giants last year, causing the Redskins to miss the playoffs.
The problem with (1) is that it might be a fair deal for Cousins in a vacuum, but we're not operating in a vacuum. Cousins has all the leverage and wants to max out what he can be paid. And the problem with (2) is that he's had moments when he stepped up (the Bears on the road right before those two meltdowns) and he took the Redskins to the playoffs the year before.
Ultimately there will never be a consensus about Cousins. He is going to get paid this year based on the success of the team around him -- if he is paid by the Redskins we'll just start up the debate in a different form.Why, you may ask, is this unusual? Because normally he's passed out in the recliner, napping. I knew he was up to something, but couldn't figure out what... Awhile later he asked me to come into our bedroom - he said he had something to show me. (Get your mind out of the gutter!)
For as long as we've been married (a whopping 2 1/2 years), I've complained about turning off the lamp before going to sleep. Ridiculous, I know... Try to see it my way - I practically FALL out of bed every night because I can't reach the lamp. I'm kind of a night owl, so moving the lamp to Cole's side of the bed isn't an option.
Enter "The Clapper." Yep. That's right. Just clap twice for on, twice for off. So simple, so wonderful. :) It has to be the best-ever $15 gadget... What a great surprise! We spent the remainder of the evening arguing about who gets the last clap... It's an exciting life we lead.Meg forwarded me along the logo’s that will go on this weekends tryout t-shirts for those trying out for the SouthLand Gladiators Sixxes this Sunday at 10 a.m. in Pearland, TX.
.
I’m not sure which one she is actually using, but I too will find out when Nancy and I help out this weekend. We hope you will come check them out. For more information go to.
.
This Sunday’s show will also be LIVE from Texas.
.
.
NOTE: I shrunk these down so the photo doesn’t do it justice to what she originally sent to me.
*
++ Update (12:03 pm (pst) ): Check out Meg’s site. She posted the actual one she’ll be using.
AdvertisementsSearch 321,000 hotels worldwide.
Get the best price available for your trip.
No Expedia cancellation fee to change or cancel almost any hotel reservation.
................................................................................................
Impeccable and stellar hospitality from the staff to the amenities. Highly recommend!
While the hotel was very comfortable and convenient for my stay, there were some cleanliness issues with the room that I had problems with. There was lipstick on the pillows, some of the sheets had not been cleaned, etc. Overall though, nice comfortable room for the price, and I would stay with them ...
The accommodations exceptional, the location superb, the view enchanting, and most of all, the service was SUPER.
Great place to stay. Service was great and food was good.
Busy location w plenty of elevators to service. Rooms are on the small side but comfortable. Would have been great to be able to open windows for fresh air (by law?). Staff are amazingly friendly and helpful.
Good central location, easy in and out. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
An excellent hotel location just in the corner of second street and Congress . Near by foot to all the comercial district and bars and nice restaurant . All the hotel staff serves you with kindness and food service . I recommend you to stay in the JW
Hotel is more suited for business meetings but it was well situated for launching 2 days of fun in Austin. The price was great and the hotel was very comfortable. I do wish it was easier to get coffee in the mornings but other than that it was a great hotel..Take control with OMNIE touch
High performance controls specifically developed by OMNIE for underfloor heating systems.
*Available mid 2018
Personalise your heating with ease and precision.
Our new state of the art controls, allow you to take control of your home heating, wherever you may be. Using innovative wi-fi technology, our new Touch system can control as many heating zones as you need, allowing for different temperatures in different rooms throughout the home. Furthermore, Touch can control and organise heating zones into floors, spaces and even different homes, all from our new Touch app.
Touch. Home heating made better.
Latest in Product Design
Program heating & hot water
Up to 64 zones
Organise zones into floors, spaces and even homes
4" capacitive touchscreen
Mains Powered
Uses both Wi-Fi and Bluetooth
Optional Remote Temperature Sensor
View the datasheet
OMNIE Touch
The Touch is only 10mm deep and thinner than a lightswitch. Its futuristic profile combines a sleek and innovative 4 inch full colour touchscreen, complete with built in temperature sensor, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth technology. It’s optional, remote temperature sensor allows the Touch to be positioned in a convenient location, whilst the remote sensor measures the temperature in a more suitable location. A perfect solution where Touch may be positioned in the hallway, but the sensor is measuring the temperature in the main living space.
Furthermore, press a button and the remote sensor can be easily setup to create a partner temperature zone, ideal for rooms such as an en-suite or wetroom.
*Available mid 2018
OMNIE Remote.
*Available mid 2018
Touch App
Login to the Touch app from anywhere - using the app, you can group together each Touch smart thermostat into bigger zones, or even floors, go further to group the Touch zones into buildings, such as your main residence and holiday home.
The Touch app allows you to control each zone, whilst also allowing convenient setting of heating programs, holiday modes and even global programs across many zones at once. The Touch app can even send you notifications about your home temperature, such as if it gets too warm or too cold.
*Available mid 2018
Omnie Touch Lite
The OMNIE Touch Lite provides full 7-day programmable room control.
The underfloor heating can be programmed for separate days of the week via the large monochrome screen. The programmable thermostat is also full of other useful features to control your heating system, like the preheat function to ensure that the required temperature has already been reached when you get up in the morning or come home from work.
The discreet thermostat fits into a standard back box and is powered by a permanent 230V mains supply. Each thermostat comes with an optional floor sensor. The floor sensor can be activated to limit the floor temperature where this is required.
A UKSBD Service - Subscribe to UKSBD : Review
Reference Number. 41520
Add Listing : Edit Listing : Upgrade
Add Listing : Edit Listing : Upgrade
Castle Document ManagementEstablished UK supplier of document storage services including archiving, scanning and image processing, web archiving, microfilm scanning, boxed storage and microfilm production services.
The Foundry
Winchester
Hampshire
SO23 7QN
Tel: Click Here for Phone Number
Winchester
Hampshire
SO23 7QN
Tel: Click Here for Phone Number
To upgrade your business listing - See Upgrade Options »
Boost your directory listing by sharing it on your social networks.
Boost your directory listing by sharing it on your social networks.
Share on Facebook.
Share on Google.
Keywords - document management - archiving - document services - scanning - storage
Information provided by UK Small Business DirectoryCastle Document Management are listed in; Document Management Listings : Document Management Directory : Document Management in Hampshire : Document Management in Winchester : Hampshire Business Directory : Winchester Business Directory
Castle Document Management on Google Maps - Google Business Finder - Optimise your Google Maps listing with - Google Maps OptimisationWatching an aimless movie, sitting on the lounge.
Only a few things I need to do to get by for the week ahead.
Kitchen’s messy, but manageable and clothes were sorted, earlier in the day when energy levels were high. Now, I get up every 30 or 40 minutes to unload and reload the machine. When I refill my water bottle, I time it to the advertisements and spend five minutes in the kitchen, washing, wiping or packing,
I love my weekends, especially if they are productive in the garden or the house.
But this is my usual Sunday night.
The energy stores are reduced by the week and finally expended on Saturday’s commitments.
But Sundays are for family, the home.
The energy stores replenish for the week on Sundays. We see friends, build Lego, play dolls and get out. Man and I talk on Sundays, have a drink together and plan for the next weekend.
But this is my usual Sunday night.
I wonder what you get up to on yours?
Have a wonderful week.
#mariskahartigay
Love,
Robo X
September 15th, 2013 at 20:51
Sounds similar to mine usually, just not tonight. Instead I blogged and watched TV, no housework at all.
Enjoy your week xx
September 19th, 2013 at 20:51
Nope, we usually end up cramming in someone we haven’t managed to find another night to see – Monday nights are our Sunday nights…
September 19th, 2013 at 20:51
Mariskahargitay! I think we had the same SUnday night! HAHAHA!
September 19th, 2013 at 20:51
Saturday nights are our family time and Sundays are just like every other day of the week.
September 19th, 2013 at 20:51
So Sunday is a family day here, but I usally spend the last half of it cleaning etc so my Monday with my boys isn’t so chaotic, I also have to usually write some boring feature articles on something I don’t really care about but it pays the bills xx
September 19th, 2013 at 20:51
Now I’m not working full time through the week, the weekends are like any other day for me except the hubby is home. The kids come and go thru the week to uni etc and it’s the same on weekends (not uni but social outings etc). Our Sundays are a little different then when the kids were little. They used to be devoted family time. Nowadays, hubby and I usually try to get some garden stuff done and I’ve usually got loads of laundry to do. I’d like to try and fit in some more day trips away. You get a bit sick of it constantly being domestic stuff! It’s also kinda weird when your youngest child is 18 and the kids have their own plans. You have to learn to think differently and rejig the way you do things! xo
September 20th, 2013 at 20:51
Sunday nights normally find me on the couch crocheting and watching whatever is on TV that the others are watching. I try to make sure we have left overs for dinner so I don’t have to cook and hopefully have got all the washing done before then.
Anything I can do to try to re–charge for Monday which seems to come around a lot more often than Sunday night !!!!
Have the best weekend !
Me
September 21st, 2013 at 20:51
I usually get depressed about work, have cups of tea and watch my favorite tv programs! All about avoidance on a Sunday.Coconut.
This is a pulao recipe, not a biryani. There are fundamental differences between the two. Biryanis are more heavily spiced while pulao recipes use spices with a lighter hand. Technique-wise, the rice, meat/vegetables and spices are sauteed and cooked together in a pulao, while making a biryani means cooking the rice and meat separately and assembling them in layers for the final step of cooking. It’s true that both pulaos(pilafs) and biryani came from the Middle East to India; here, they were refined with the use of numerous spices and techniques and gradually evolved in countless royal kitchens to become the technically sophisticated and fragrantly delectable dishes that we know today.
While the biryani is the big daddy of Indian cuisine, the pulao has a delicate charm and an elegant simplicity. Like the quietly luminosity of a single string of pearls, rather than the hard brilliance of a cluster of diamonds. This pulao recipe captures that understated beauty with the gentle touch of coconut milk, the subtle sweetness of fresh seafood and the understated presence of whole spices, as opposed to the use of robust masalas or spice pastes.
In my pulao recipe, I have used only prawns (shrimp) and calamari because my husband doesn’t eat fish, but I recommend adding chunks of any firm, white fish to enhance the taste of the sea. Mussels and clams would work as well. The coconut milk can be fresh or come out of a tin, both produce equally good results.
The only two things that really need your attention are the cooking of the seafood and the toasting of the rice before you pour in the liquid to cook the pulao. Seafood, as you know should not overcook and disintegrate, so add it only when the pulao is almost done (in the last 7-10 minutes of cooking). And don’t worry about it being under, because once the heat is switched off, the pulao must rest, covered for 10-15 minute. You can be sure that the steam and heat in the closed pan will cook any prawns or fish that may need a little more time.
The latter will decide whether you get a mushy, risotto-like texture or whether the grains of Basmati remain loose and fluffy, as they should be. Be patient while frying/toasting the rice with the onions on low heat, and you will have the perfect pulao. In the picture below, I have tried to show how the rice would look once done. Also, use a flat, wide pan somewhat like a paella pan; it will help the pulao to cook quickly and evenly.
This is a stress-free pulao recipe that doesn’t ask for too much chopping or grinding. Make it on a Sunday as a one-pot, family-style lunch or as the main course for a small dinner. I served it garnished with deep fried shallots which add a crunch and oniony depth. I recommend you do the same but you can leave it out if it’s too much work.
- 300 g Basmati rice
- 200 g medium-sized prawns, shelled and de-veined
- 100 g small to medium-sized calamari, cleaned and sliced into thick rings
- 150 g any white fish, de-boned and cut into 1.5” x 1.5” square chunks
- 2 tbsp ghee
- 300 ml coconut milk
- 250 ml water
- 3 medium onions thinly sliced
- 6-7 garlic cloves, sliced
- 2’ piece of fresh ginger, sliced into thin matchsticks
- 15-20 curry leaves
- 3 whole green chillies, slit lengthwise, halfway
- 3 nos 1” cinnamon sticks
- 4-5 green cardamoms
- 4-5 cloves
- 1 tsp cumin
- 1 1/2 tsp chilli powder (cayenne)
- 1 tsp coriander powder
- A pinch of saffron
- Salt
- 20 shallots, thinly sliced
- Oil
- Wash and soak the rice in a large pot for 20 minutes and then drain completely to remove all water.
- Before you start the pulao, deep fry the shallots in a small pan of oil, drain and set aside. These can be stored in an airtight box for a few days.
- Put a wide, heavy-based skillet or pan on medium heat, pour in the ghee and 3 teaspoons of the onion oil from the fried shallots.
- When the oil is hot, throw in the whole spices and let them pop and fry for 10-15 seconds.
- Add the sliced onions and fry gently till golden (not brown).
- Toss in the garlic and ginger and fry for a minute more.
- Now add the drained rice and continue to saute, stirring frequently to coat the rice with the ghee. Fry the rice for 5-7 mins on low heat till lightly toasted.
- Season with the ground spices, saffron and salt and fry for 30 seconds more.
- Put in the green chillies and curry leaves.
- In a jug, combine the coconut milk and water and mix. Pour half of it into the pan and bring to a gentle simmer.
- Cover and let the rice cook on low heat checking once every now and then if more liquid is needed.
- Cook for 15 minutes (the rice should be 70 per cent done by now).
- Gently, without breaking the grains, mix in the seafood and the remaining liquid. Check for salt, correct, cover and cook for a further 10 minutes.
- Once all the coconut milk has been absorbed and the seafood almost done, turn off the heat, cover the pan and keep aside.
- Before serving, lightly fluff up the pulao with a fork, and sprinkle with the fried shallots.
- The amount of liquid is approximate. Depending on the variety of Basmati, you may need a little more or less.
12 Comments
John/Kitchen RiffsJune 21, 2017 at 11:49 pm
Lovely dish — tons of flavor in this. Really like the shrimp and coconut, too. Thanks!
quichentellJune 22, 2017 at 12:58 pm
Thanks for stopping by John 😀
Eva TaylorJune 24, 2017 at 4:38 am
This does sound like a wonderful dish. In Spain, last year, my husband and I took a cooking class for Paella and it was lovely. One of the things I adore about paella is that crisp rice bottom from not stirring the dish after the liquid goes in. Something like a BiBimBap, that crunch rice is so moreish!
heather (delicious not gorgeous)June 28, 2017 at 8:44 am
i haven’t had pulao before, but this sounds delicious! lots of spice appeals to me in the colder months, but the lighter spices sound perfect for these sticky hot days.
Agness of Run Agness RunJune 29, 2017 at 4:13 am
This would be my perfect lunch recipe! Can’t wait tot try it!
quichentellJuly 3, 2017 at 11:07 am
Thank you Agnes 😀
cheriJuly 7, 2017 at 11:59 pm
Oh I love this dish and the method that you cooked the rice and ingredients, very nice. Also enjoy your writing style, take care.
quichentellJuly 8, 2017 at 11:32 am
Thank you Cheri 😀
Catering in Den HaagJuly 20, 2017 at 9:19 pm
Looks so tasty! thanks for sharing your recipe!
quichentellJuly 21, 2017 at 12:36 pm
Hey you’re welcome 😀
Jenny | The Baking SkilletAugust 12, 2017 at 7:00 pm
This will make a beautiful Sunday meal! I actually don’t have any pulao recipes in my repertoire, so definitely pinning this one.
quichentellAugust 17, 2017 at 11:59 am
Hope you enjoy it Jenny 😀Yesterday, Secretary Clinton delivered a major foreign policy speech.
Of course, it prompted flashbacks of the infamous Russian Reset …
Back in March 2009, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton presented Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov with a small green box with a ribbon.
Inside was a red button with the Russian word “peregruzka” printed on it.
Clinton offered that pushing it would “reset our relationship” … ostensibly, for the better.
So, how did that all work out?
======
“Just 1% of Russians approved of U.S. leadership in 2015 — the worst rating in the world last year and the lowest approval Gallup has measured for the U.S. in the past decade.”
======
Ironically, there was a typo on the button.
Lavrov told Clinton at the time that “perezagruzka” was the Russian word for reset … not “peregruzka,’ which means ‘overcharged.”
Hmm.
Russia has been pushing the peregruzka button ever since
======
#HomaFiles
Follow on Twitter @KenHoma >> Latest Posts
June 3, 2016 at 1:16 pm |
Don’t forget Obama’s June 2009 speech in Egypt titled “A New Beginning,” which outlined how the US would build stronger ties to the Muslim community through “mutual respect.” Of course, the ultimate success of that policy is contingent upon whether you consider beheadings respectful.Location:2651 SOUTH AVE W, Missoula, Montana, 59804, United States View Map
Employees:231
Industries:
Phone:(406) 728-9162
Website:
The Village Health Care Center is a Platinum Service® community managed by The Goodman Group. Based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, The Goodman Group has been a national leader in developing and managing residential and senior living communities, healthcare communities and commercial properties since the 1960s. Our Platinum Service program was proudly launched by The Goodman Group in 2009 as its landmark customer service program. Each of our staff members receive The Goodman Group's Platinum Service training and commit to following our Platinum Service standards. Every day, our employees make the difference by treating each individual like family and delivering services in a professional manner at Village Health Care Center. In addition, our residents enjoy the difference through exceptional amenities and services that make life so much more enjoyable.Essense of AustraliaEssense Dolce Satin Organza Fit and Flare
- Label Size:
- 6
- Street Size:
- 4
Essense of AustraliaEssense Dolce Satin Organza Fit and Flare
- Label Size:
- 6
- Street Size:
- 4
This listing has expired.
- THE STORY
Gorgeous,
- SALE DETAILS
Terms Of Sale: All Sales Final
Location: Indianapolis, AL, United States
Will Ship to: Other
Payment Methods Accepted: Escrow.comDental Marketing with a Dental Newsletter
A dental newsletter can be a powerful dental marketing tool, as a dental newsletter allows dentists to reach out to their patients even when they are not in the dentist’s office anymore. A dental newsletter can include any messages the dentist wants to convey to their patients, in a way creating a more harmonious relationship between the two parties – which in turn can hopefully result to loyal clients/patients who will continue to patronize the dentist’s dental practice for their dental health care needs.
This is Dentistry will provide you with the information you need about a dentist newsletter, so you can appreciate the value that a dental newsletter can bring not only to the dentist, but also to the patient as well. The search for more information about a dental newsletter can start by going through the comprehensive This is Dentistry dentist directory, where you will have access to the contact details of dentists in your local area; you can browse through the dental newsletter that each dentist offers to patients, to see the importance that a dentist newsletter can have to a dental practice.
Creating a Dental Newsletter
There are a number of online sources that provide dentists with information on how to create a dentist newsletter; this dental newsletter can then be sent to a dental mailing list, which contains the contact details of patients or other dentists – whoever the target audience of the dental newsletter is in the first place. A dental mailing list can solely be composed of patients; separate dental mailing lists can be made with the names and contact details of dentists and other dental professionals, should a different newsletter need to be made and sent (regarding an entirely different matter).
Companies that offer dental newsletter services can help dentists in coming up with a dentist newsletter which powerfully conveys a message across to the intended audience (patients or fellow dentists). In creating a dental newsletter, a dentist can choose from existing templates or request for a new one to be made according to his specific needs; the graphics and content that the dentist newsletter can come from the dentist himself, or the company that provides the dental newsletter services.
A schedule on when the dental newsletter will reach the dental mailing list recipients can be set, so the dentist can spend less time worrying about that small detail. Dental mailing lists recipients can then receive their dental newsletter when the pre-set time comes, and will be able to read through the message or special deals that are included in the dentist newsletter.
Google+ Profile Google+ PageDouble-Talk August 23, 2011 by madstickynotes We’ve all been there, haven’t we? What … Read More via writer’s block Advertisements Rate this:Share this:FacebookTwitterEmailTumblrGoogleMorePinterestRedditPrintLinkedInLike this:Like Loading... RelatedBest Tile Leveling System
Who Makes The Best Tile Leveling System ?-10632865_881616315182188_573902237089996740_n.jpg (ordinary Best Tile Leveling System #1)
The blog post about Best Tile Leveling System was posted on March 10, 2017 at 5:55 am. This blog post is uploaded in the Tile category. Best Tile Leveling System is labelled with Best Tile Leveling System, Best, Tile, Leveling, post about Best Tile Leveling System have 10 photos , they are Who Makes The Best Tile Leveling System ?-10632865_881616315182188_573902237089996740_n.jpg, Who Makes The Best Tile Leveling System ?-10525625_844568735553613_1288456009676067089_n.jpg, Who Makes The Best Tile Leveling System?-image-3122177484.jpg, Who Makes The Best Tile Leveling System?-image-2664459762.jpg, The Best Tile Leveling System For Bathroom Tile -- By Home Repair Tutor, ATR Tile Leveling System 2mm Pro 500 By FlooringSupplyShop.com Worlds Best Tile Leveling Alignment, Time Lapse MLT Tile Leveling System, ., How To Install Travertine Tile With Proleveling System - YouTube. Here are the attachments: .
Everybody knows that Best Tile Leveling System coloring is one of the most important aspects in making a lovely bedroom design. Shade is an essential element for decorating, remodeling or developing patterns, thus selecting the most appropriate colors must be considered.
As previously mentioned in the previous report, the color could press influence on conception emotion and conversation. In choosing the right shade for the household bedrooms thus, you ought to spend particular awareness.
When combined using the proper accent shades like shades-of silver, light-blue green, Best Tile Leveling System might be great shades for your bedroom. Shimmering components will make your room more spectacular and relaxed. It's the utilization of yellow color was spot on, not relaxing although too vibrant and is the very best color for that room.
This coloring is indeed combinations completely with all the shade palate and accessories utilized in this bedroom hopefully room style with shade possibilities above can help your own property is assessed by you on a shade palette that is most comfortable for you. Of selecting the most appropriate shade the bedrooms are well-designed first. Picking a color-scheme that you make you experience most cozy and like could be the most important factor that you need to contemplate. Don't forget to make sure that whatsoever color mixture you decide on should correspond to every depth inside your room.
Because of the function of the bedroom's importance, we want to discuss the most effective bedroom patterns. We should pick colour and the design that can create us realize satisfaction and comfort. Harmony will be encouraged by a bedroom layout that in a busy morning. You'll discover by having a room with Best Tile Leveling System color that is good could be a luxury by itself.
The bed room is actually a retreat where we sleep once we are drained, an area where we relax, tired of the everyday regimen, or perhaps once we are ill. The sack may be the location wherever we wanted simply, read a favorite story or to be alone remain silent. Locations have to be a place that may make us feel comfortable.I came from a single question: what if Lara Croft was a real person? She would be really different! She’d be a middle aged, heavy set woman who spent most of her time in a classroom or a lab. She definitely couldn’t run and jump and would be against guns. So I incorporated magic and companion animals to help her with the hard stuff.
Initially I envisioned it as a puzzle platformer, but it could be an action adventure game, too! Let me know what you think of the concept, and if you’ve ever wanted to make a game and what it was about.A year from now, the American public will have the opportunity to elect a new president. A large fraction of citizens — usually between 40 and 50 percent — will decide not to vote. That alarms observers who consider low turnout a threat to the legitimacy of policymaking in democracies. Some of them worry that because voting and other forms of political participation are dropping, money matters more in politics. They argue that low turnout increases the effectiveness of campaign spending because it can be targeted at a smaller group of voters.
To counter the long-term decline in turnout, President Obama last March suggested mandatory voting, believing that “it would be transformative if everybody voted. That would counteract money more than anything.”
So would election outcomes look different if we had virtually universal turnout?
Answering that seemingly straightforward question is quite challenging. To assess how turnout changes the results, we would ideally observe an election twice, once under high and once under low turnout. Which is, of course, impossible.
In a recent study — “Does Compulsory Voting Increase Support for Leftist Policy?”— we try to find a way around this problem. We study federal referendums in Switzerland in the first half of the 20th century, examining referendum results in a treatment group and a comparable control group.
Our treatment group consists of districts in the canton of Vaud where citizens who did not vote had to pay a substantial fine that was collected by the local police. In the control group, voting was voluntary. In both groups citizens voted on the same policy proposals in federal referendums. So how did compulsory voting affect policy choices?
The fine boosted referendum turnout by 30 percentage points — giving Vaud participation rates of up to 90 percent, exceptionally high levels of civic engagement.
But what were the policy consequences? We find that higher turnout caused stronger support for leftist, redistributive policy, for example, bills that proposed stricter market regulation and expanded welfare programs.
The figure below shows the evolution of support for leftist policy proposals for districts in Vaud (red line) and districts in the control cantons (blue line). The gray shaded area represents the period in which Vaud practiced compulsory voting. We see little difference in support for leftist policy proposals between districts in Vaud and districts in the control cantons — at least, until Vaud introduces a fine for failing to vote in 1925.
Mandatory voting changed referendum outcomes. As soon as authorities in Vaud introduced compulsory voting, electoral support for leftist policy increased by about 8 to 15 percentage points when compared to the cantons where there was no fine. The green line in the figure equals the difference in support for leftist policies between districts in Vaud and districts in the control cantons, adjusted for their differences before the introduction of compulsory voting.
Taken together, these results suggest that compulsory voting not only increases turnout, but also mobilizes new voters whose preferences are sufficiently distinct to affect public policy.
These findings have implications for ongoing debates about the desirability of compulsory voting. If, for example, compulsory voting increased turnout but failed to change outcomes, low turnout would be more efficient as many citizens could save the costs of voting.
Our results suggest that compulsory voting not only increases turnout, but also shifts support toward particular policies. Therefore, the efficiency argument does not seem convincing in the case we examine.
Our results also answer a related question: Would mandatory voting lead to unstable political majorities, since it would bring to the polls a larger share of less-informed citizens who would vote more or less randomly on policies? After all, the opinions of those with less political knowledge could be more easily malleable.
That’s not what we find. In our context, compulsory voting causes a stable increase in support for leftist policies, a finding that is difficult to square with the random voting argument.
Michael Bechtel is SNSF professor of political science at the University of St. Gallen. Dominik Hangartner is associate professor at the London School of Economics and Political Science and the principal investigator of the Migration Policy Lab at the University of Zurich. Lukas Schmid is senior research associate in the Department of Economics at the University of St. Gallen.Thank you to everyone who voted Old City Java best coffeehouse and wi-fi spot! (via MetroPulse's annual best of poll) You guys are awesome!
Thanks!
-java crew
« new equipment! | Main | scooters! »
You can follow this conversation by subscribing to the comment feed for this post.
The comments to this entry are closed.
One of these days is none of these days.
Posted by: ugg store | November 04, 2010 at 02:53 AM
Thanks for your share,thanks a lot.Good luck!
Posted by: Big pony | April 12, 2011 at 05:25 AM
Love old City Java Coffee!
Posted by: Boresha Nuenez | May 13, 2011 at 06:34 PM
In last weeks Economist, there's a semi-decent article on reading sentiment from large masses of anecdotal data (tweets, mainly).
Posted by: red bottom heel | September 27, 2011 at 01:23 PM
i went to the same school as patrick. i remeber those girls from my school who wrote in. they were white trash...i always felt so bad for them.
Posted by: justin bieber supra shoes | October 14, 2011 at 04:28 AM
Great post! Nice and informative, I really enjoyed reading it and will certainly share this post with my friends .
Posted by: nfl jersey wholesalers | November 08, 2011 at 04:06 AMParts found for 2007 Nissan Altima Sedan >
- 75168
- 74803F
- 74843E
- 74842E
- Member Assy-Cross, Rear Seat Make Sure These Fit
- 74860
- 74860
- 74860+A
- 75650
- 74803
- 74802
- 74843$574.42$385.43
- 74842$568.38$381.38
- 62521N
- 62520N
Genuine Nissan Parts, the Right Choice
NissanPartsDeal.com offers the lowest prices for genuine 2007 Nissan Altima Sedan parts. Parts like Member & Fitting are shipped directly from authorized Nissan dealers and backed by the manufacturer's warranty. Parts fit for the following vehicle options. Engine: 4 Cyl 2.5L, 6 Cyl 3.5L. Trim: Base, S, SE, SL, SR.Hi guys, well that's me now 5 days overdue and well and truly fed up! Have found myself crying every day this week because I am just so tired, sore and generally fed up! I have done everything possible to try and keep busy, nursery is completely done, baby's clothes are washed, ironed and hung up in wardrobe and organised into sizes, my hospital back has been packed and repacked about 100 times, have all baby products, toiletries, nappies put away and organised into sizes! I have nothing else to do, just need a baby! To make matters worse our wee cheeky monkey keeps teasing us, been having twinges/sharp pains down below for the last 2 days, have had diarrhoea, back pain, Braxton hicks, all the signs that I am going into labour but nothing happens. It is so frustrating and annoying! I just want here here safe and to stop worrying. I seriously feel like I can't wait anymore! sorry for the big rant just needed to vent my frustration out somewhere, my partner and family are all fed up of me moaning hehe xCircle 18/01/201312/01/2013 ~ The Drummer Poet The line that makes a circle around you will always be a circle no matter where you turn or what angle you choose or which side of the line you choose to stand on It will always be a circle. © The Drummer Poet 12/01/2013 Advertisements Share this:EmailPrintFacebookTwitterGooglePocketTumblrMoreRedditLinkedInPinterestLike this:Like Loading... RelatedSeeking to enhance the safety of its women passengers, the railways has okayed the installation of CCTV cameras in 500 coaches of various trains, Lok Sabha was informed on Wednesday,Dec 23. CCTV cameras have already been installed on trial basis in a few coaches of some trains like Shan-e-Punjab Express of Northern Railway and Kerala Express, Mannai Express and Rameswaram Express operated by Southern Railway, Minister of State for Railways, Manoj Sinha, said in written reply.
Besides, he said, video surveillance systems have been provided in women’s coaches on three electric multiple unit (EMU) rakes of Western Railway and one operating under Central Railway. “Work has also been sanctioned for providing CCTV cameras in 500 coaches in various rakes of different trains,” the minister said. PTI
Read more at:Some people thrive on irregularity. They love changes in their schedules – days off; exploring new places and doing new things. These people often find day-to-day life droll and humdrum; they constantly await the opportunity to investigate new vistas and experience new events.
Then there are people like me. I love routine. I thrive on regularity. I find drastic schedule changes difficult to adapt to. Such people would gladly do the same thing day in/day out, rarely feeling the need to “get away” from routine and do something out of the ordinary. For such individuals, days like Rosh Hashana present a unique challenge. We are asked to pour tremendous energy and concentration into a short, 48 hour period. In complete departure from schedule, we spend most of our day in shul, immersed in prayer. We are told that these two short days have a disproportionate effect over our entire year. How is one to understand and adapt to this sudden and drastic change? How can we gain an appreciation of these days, so that we may truly utilize them to their full potential?
While Rosh Hashana is indeed the Jewish New Year, the word Rosh does not mean new. Rosh means head; thus Rosh Hashana is the Head of the Year. Why do refer to it as the head, as opposed to the beginning, of the year? If a person has a problem with his feet, his feet suffer. If his hands are not healthy, his hands hurt. If a person has difficulty with his brain, his entire body suffers. The brain is not simply another organ playing its role in the multifaceted creation we know as the human body – the brain is the nerve-centre of the entire body. It controls our actions, our movements, even our thoughts and feelings. While in rare cases doctors may consider amputating a sick limb, or even transplanting a critical organ such as a liver or heart, one does not remove the brain.
Thus it would be fair to say that, within the scheme of the human body, the relatively small brain plays a disproportionately large role. This is why we go to such lengths to protect our heads. Bicycle helmets are now required by the law. Broken hands and feet can be mended; a blow to the brain, G-d forbid, can be life-threatening.
Just like the body has an appendage that plays a central and irreplaceable role in its function, time also has its “head.” Rosh Hashana is the “Head of the Year.” It is the nerve-centre of the Jewish calendar. While it represents a relatively small portion of the time- cycle, its effect over the coming year is powerful and immeasurable. Just like a small irregularity in the brain could have catastrophic effects on the entire body’s function, so too even small deviations and lapses on Rosh Hashana can cause untold harm to our lives over the coming year. Is it just? Is it fair that such a short period should have such a powerful impact? That’s not for us to judge. We can only absorb the fact, and try our best to take advantage of these incredibly powerful 48 hours.
This concept helps to explain some of the unusual customs and laws surrounding Rosh Hashana. Commentators quote the Talmud Yerushalmi that suggests one not rest (during the daytime) on Rosh Hashana. “One who sleeps on Rosh Hashana will have a sleepy mazal the coming year.” What’s the difference, one might ask, if I have a little nap on Rosh Hashana? I do it every other Shabbos and Yom Tov! Rosh Hashana is different. It is the “head” of the year. Half an hour – a small period of time – on Rosh Hashana, may regulate entire weeks or even months of our coming year, just as a tiny area of the brain may control critical bodily functions and services. Commentators even question why we’re allowed to sleep at night on Rosh Hashana! (Luckily for us they rule it permissable.)
Rosh Hashana is steeped in ritual. We eat the head of a sheep or fish as a symbol of leadership and ascendency. We dip our challah and apple in honey in the hope of a sweet year. We even avoid sharp, bitter or pungent foods for the same reasons. While all year long we would consider such practices superstitious and obsessive, Rosh Hashana has such tremendous impact on our lives that even small changes that serve to put us in the right frame of mind (sweet, positive), and arouse us to prayer and faith, are necessary and normal.
On Rosh Hashana, we are especially meticulous with our prayers. While all year long we are not particular about the precise vowelization of some words, on Rosh Hashana we are. “Zochreinu l’chaim – remember us for life!” While during the year we often pronounce it “La’chaim,” on Rosh Hashana we are careful to say “L’chaim,” because La’chaim sounds too similar to “Lo chaim,” which means “not life.” (Mishnah Berurah 582:16) Consider this: If halacha requires us on Rosh Hashana to be so careful with our prayers, how much more so must we be careful with what we speak about at our Yom Tov meals, or during our breaks from prayer or Torah study!
The Talmud (Yerushalmi quoted by Ran) rules that if one blows the shofar from its wider side, he has not fulfilled his obligation. The shofar may only be blown from its narrower side. Perhaps this halacha alludes to the above concept: The voice of the shofar emerges from a tiny hole, travelling through an ever-widening cavity, until ultimately it leaves its confines, and its powerful voice fills every corner of the synagogue, permeating as well the thoughts and consciousness of all who hear it. So too Rosh Hashana is a small window to our year, from where our lives emerge, never unchanged, impacted by these two short days with such great repercussion.
Just 48 hours of time, with so much hanging in the balance. Forty eight is the numerical value (gematria) of moach – the brain. Rosh Hashana is the nerve-centre of our coming year. May the Almighty grant us the sense and the clarity to utilize it to its full potential and appreciate its impact.
Wishing all our readers and all of K’lal Yisrael a good Shabbos, a good Yom Tov, a K’siva ve-chasima tova, and a gut gebentsched yur!
This week’s publication is sponsored by Mosdos Bobov of Toronto, in honour of Mr. and Mrs. Ben Tzion Heitner, on the occasion of the engagement of their daughter, Sarah Esther. May they see much nachas from all of their children.
Text Copyright © 2002 Rabbi Eliyahu Hoffmann and Project Genesis, Inc.Print | Save | Directions
AboutDavis Fence Co is located at the address 5001 Se Mercier St in Topeka, Kansas 66609. They can be contacted via phone at (785) 862-1849 for pricing, hours and directions. Davis Fence Co specializes in Grease & Sludge, Decks, Patios.
Davis Fence Co has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .For more information contact Robert Deever, Owner or go to
Davis Fence Co provides Painting, Duct Cleaning, Cleaning & Maintenance to it's customers. For maps and directions to Davis Fence Co view the map to the right. For reviews of Davis Fence Co see below.
Business Features
PRODUCTS
- Paint , Pumps , Commercial Refrigeration , Faucets , Garages , Bathrooms , Walk-In Coolers , Plywood , Refrigeration , Ready Mix
SERVICES
- Repairs & Maintenance , Cleaning & Maintenance , Industrial Services , Toilets , Sump Pumps , Design & Engineering , Painting , Duct Cleaning , Inspections , Water Systems
BRANDS
- Magic Chef , Moen , GAF , Admiral , Whirlpool , Lennox / Allied Air , Comfortmaker , Butler , Jenn-Air , Grohe
SPECIALTIES
- Furnaces , Sinks & Faucets , Refrigeration Equipment , Patios , Decks , Barns , Bathrooms , Grease & Sludge , Gas Appliances , Sewer Locating
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (785) 862-1849
Website:
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Robert
Main Contact Last Name: Deever
Main Contact Title: Owner
Credit Cards: American Express, Master Card, Visa, All Major Cards Accepted
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 8
Exact Sales Volume: 250000
Location Type: Single Location
Offers: Free Estimate
Product Features: Ornamental Metal, Steel, Electric, Aluminum
Product Features Syn: Stainless
Professionals On Staff: General Contractors
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
Specialties: Construction, Pet Containment, Schools, Highways
Specialties Syn: Breeders, Kennels
Year Started: 1967
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews
Key Contacts
- Robert Deever
- OWNER
- Phone: (785) 862-1849Your traditional mirror might not be showing you the complete picture! Sure, it has been in use for centuries, but in this day of smart devices, there should be a better alternative that can adjust important details such as lighting, hues to help you achieve your perfect beauty goals!
In comes, Juno Mirror, which has been termed as the “smartest makeup mirror ever” by its creators. It allows you to make adjustments as per your requirements and using its various lighting options, it can help in providing the “true” image. Juno Mirror has three different settings, enabling it to be set to be optimal for either daylight, sunlight, or evening light conditions.
The device comes with a companion smartphone app, which can be used to save preferred settings. As claimed by the company, the app uses your smartphone’s sensor to “detect the lighting in the surrounding environment outside of your home,” meaning the mirror can auto-adjust the lighting conditions always to be at optimal settings and give the best result.
The device also promises the “latest studio lighting technology,” so it’s perfect for people who are a bit more beauty conscious than the most. The device can also turn into a torch with the flick of your wrist, and its adjustable face allows you to see yourself from practically any angle. It also allows you to magnify the image five times its size using removable magnification mirrors.
Video Production
What we do
We produce videos that gets you results.
Having a professional video produced for your web site is one of the most effective tools to help increase traffic, conversions and build rapport with your customers.
Videos can be used to convey your message in a way that is far more powerful than just words. Ask yourself these questions. What is the objective of the video? Who is my audience? What do i want the viewer to do after watching the video?
How we do it
Unlike larger production companies that have a big production crew, our aim is to provide you with an effective video that is affordable and gets your message across to your target audience. We are able to produce your video with a minimal crew, hence reducing the production costs and turn around times. We use high definition cameras to capture the footage in the highest quality. The audio is recorded via camera mic as well as a wireless mic to capture crystal clear sound. Our mini jib (mini crane) can be used to add motion to your videos, adding a higher production value.
Types of videos
Talking heads
Product demo / Tutorial videos
Testimonial videos
Training videos
Animation videos
Interesting Statistics About Video
“Video is 80% more effective in engaging the audience.” – The Pew Internet and American Life Project Study
“Over 90% of internet traffic is video” – CISCO
“Video makes up over 50% of mobile network traffic, expected to rise over 60% by 2016″ – CISCO
“YouTube is over 28% of all Google searches” – comScore
“YouTube has over 1 BILLION unique users each month” – YouTube
“The average consumer watches 186 videos each month” – Comscore Video Metrix
“Real Estate Listings With Videos Receive 403% More Inquiries Than Those Without Videos” – DigitalSherpa
YouTube attracts more viewers between 18-54 than any cable network
Video is 6 times more effective than print and direct mail
“Click-Through Rates Increase 2-3 Times When Marketers Include A Video In An Email ” – DigitalSherpa
When properly optimized, video is 53 times more likely than text to appear on page 1 of Google – Forrester Research
70% of the links search users click on are organic, not paid. (Marketing Sherpa)
Consumers stay on a website on average – 2 minutes longer after watching video content. More time = More sales
Facebook’s video views are up 239% in one year – Business Insider
According to NAR, 73% of sellers say they would list with a real estate agent that would use video to market their property – NAR
YouTube is the 2nd largest search engine in the world – ComScore
YouTube is the THIRD most visited website in the world – Alexa
Video shows up on page one of Google
A single video is worth 1.8 Million words – Forrester Research
45.4% of internet users view at least one video online per month – comScore
The average user is exposed to an average of 32.2 videos in a month – comScore
Over 100 Million people watch online video each day – comScore
The average viewer spends 16 minutes and 49 seconds watching video ads per month – comScore
The average website visit without video is 50 seconds
Less than 1% of agents use video to market their properties, yet 73% of all sellers would list with an agent who utilizes video to market their property
The average website visit with video is over 5 minutes – CISCO
An Australian real estate group reports that real estate listings with videos receive 403% more inquiries than those without videos.UPDATE: 700 ‘Occupy Wall Street’ protesters arrested on Brooklyn Bridge
UPDATE: As of 1:30 a.m. ET, MSNBC is reporting that almost 700 protesters have been arrested.
At least 400 “Occupy Wall Street” protesters were arrested on Saturday as they tried to cross the Brooklyn Bridge, according to the New York Times.
The protesters have pledged to occupy Wall Street until something is done about corporate greed and corporate influence on the U.S. government. They have been camped out in New York’s old Liberty Plaza since September 17..
A freelance journalist for the New York Times was among those arrested.Meeting other bloggers is a funny thing. They may look like their profile photos or have unaccountably cut their hair since, but that’s really the only aspect of them that you’ll probably find to be in any way as you expected. Last time I met up with some other bloggers, I wasn’t familiar with their online voices, so what I noticed was more superficial. But on Saturday I met up with some of the Irish Parenting Bloggers in Dublin, and was delighted and surprised by how similar or different people can be in person when you know them best (or only) through an online medium.
In writing, you can’t tell an extrovert from an introvert. You can’t tell a Dublin accent from Cork from Texas. You might have an idea who would command the floor if a group got together in person, but you might not be right about that at all.
When it comes to socializing, having an online persona doesn’t exactly level the playing field, but it definitely changes the game. A bloggers’ meetup is a bit like a gathering of rock stars in reverse: far from looking for the limelight, many writers, by nature, tend to shy away from attention and want to deflect instead. We prefer to interact on the page, on the screen, where we have time to consider our words and where we’re never too far from the delete key.
So the fact that a bunch of us dared to meet up at all, in daylight, with laptops left at home and phones put away, is a testament to the power of our connection online. And it turned out that we had a lot to say to each other about everything that was not blogging, as well as things that might be.
Here’s everyone. From left to right at the back we have Looking for Blue Sky, Laura from My Internal World, Mind the Baby, Lauren of The Dare Project, Sadhbh from Where Wishes Come From, Caitriona from Wholesome Ireland, yours truly, and Office Mum. The front row has BlueSky’s daughter Smiley, then Lisa of Mama.ie with adorable baby, Lucy of Learner Mama, Muuka of One More Pair of Boots, and Glitter Mama Wishes.
Thanks so much for the mention – I really enjoyed the meet up – and hopefully it will bring the group closer together 🙂
Sorry I missed the meet up, would be interested to meet up with my “virtual” friends and see what everyone is like in “real life”. Sounds like it was great fun!
It was a lovely afternoon. I was sorry I couldn’t stay longer. So nice to meet everyone in real life! Thanks for linking me xxx
Lovely summary Maud- couldn’t have put it better myself. Thanks for organising it.
Fantastic – Love that you were able to be a part of this !!!Yeah, me either, but I've seen the video.
Wow, look how cute they are? Do you blame the screaming girls? I get it. I do!
And so now I wanted to talk about the Beatles!
I've loved them since I can remember, and I'm not sure when or how I first heard them. I think my parents had only one album and it was a terrible one. I bet they won it from somewhere because it was a live album from a concert they did at a stadium and all you could hear, literally, was screaming girls. As a kid, I was fascinated by that and thought, wow, people LOVED these guys!
But somehow, despite that terrible record, I learned about their songs and learned to love them. Much much later, when our own kids were little, we took them to one of those pretend-to-be The Beatles concerts (I don't remember the group name.. Yesterday or 1964 probably) and my kids totally fell in love. Both my boys mark that moment as the day they became fascinated with music in general and it's never been the same since around this house.
A few summers ago we were lucky enough to see Paul McCartney in concert. I searched and I don't think I talked about that experience here. What was I thinking? Anyway, we got last minute tickets and had terrible seats but still, the energy and the pulse of that concert was unlike anything else. And to know and sing every single song with him was such a blast. I'm so glad we ended up going.
This is very close to the view I had. On floor WAY in the back.
I've never been able to pinpoint my favorite Beatles song. Can you do it? Sometimes it's Help:
And sometimes it's Yesterday:
And sometimes it's A Day in the Life, from their later years:
But there's so many more!
This past summer when we were in England, we made the pilgrimage to Abbey Road. It was awesome. My oldest son felt nearly moved to tears by the experience!
What's your favorite Beatles song? And do you have a Beatles story?
I LOVE the Beatles! And visiting Abbey Road was so fun, but I was kind of surprised at how many cars drive there! Like you have to get in your picture in between cars and other people and all! It was an experience for sure! :D
This is great! I should have went and saw McCartney when he was here. It was stupid that I didn't! He came because of a Facebook page petitioning him to come here. :)
LOVE this post! I do remember when the Beatles came to America. That night, the night of the Ed Sullivan show, I was 5 and my parents were going out for something. We had a teenage babysitter who changed the TV channel so she could watch...my brother and I were so mad! We wanted to watch something else. Man!! I swear in my memory she held her face in her hands and screamed. LOL I love the Beatles.
They'd just something about them! It seems like no matter your age everyone loves the Beatles. I know I do.
Good Post! :) <3The most difficult part of the process for was choosing a tool. I decided to go with a combination of Google Calendars, Evernote, and Omnifocus. I found omnifocus the most simple to navigate and it semed to have the most flexibility to expand as my needs grew.
I took this class while reading Getting Things Done and it was the perfect partner! Even after the initial brain dump, I have already begun to feel less stressed and more productive. I am an event planner at work and I think this new system is going to help me manage tasks better than ever! Additonally, I am in the middle of a job search so this was perfect timing!
Perhaps the biggest change for me was finally getting control of my email! When I began this class, I have over 2,700 emails in my inbox! I currently have 10.
I have always been able to get things done, but I believe this methodology will help me get things done AND be far more stress free!The code is strong in this one...
Last week for some nonsense reason my boss agreed that I would help one of our customers with some code they were having problems with that worked with some of the data we feed to them.
Initially I was expecting some enormous screw up that would make my eyes bleed, but it wasn't terribly bad really. It was clearly the work of someone new to programming who had put it together what they could, but was struggling with the trickier bits. Variables were named in classic newbie tradition of what the variable is for, not what it does - lots of MyInteger1, String2, etc. and all the usuals that most people will probably recognise. Well, apart from one, OfTheJedi. "WTH is this for?" I was thinking. Then I got to the end to see the final line of the function. "return OfTheJedi;"
That was how every single function returned it's value. FFS.
I suppose it's more entertaining than that ugly bitch: retval.
"return OfTheJedi;"Someone's nephew and/or student wrote this. It's amazing how you can tell just from one line of code...
- SilentRunner last edited by
I like it.
- Kiss_me_I_m_Polish last edited by
At least it's not "Return of the King". Event trees walked in these movies.
- steenbergh last edited by
There's only one Return, and it ain't of the king!
- belgariontheking last edited by
return OfTheJedi;Some days I wish I was in a position to affect the coding standards at my client.
Yes, I can see the problem there. Get him to change the "O" to lowercase. Or is this .net foolishness?
I suppose it's more entertaining than that ugly bitch: retval.
Her cousins err, result, and status are slightly less homely.
My favourite was always VB6: On Error Goto Hell
I saw an "88 level" in a Cobol program about 97 years ago called "HELL_FREEZES_OVER" just so the programmer could code
WHEN HELL_FREEZES_OVER.....
My favourite was always VB6: On Error Goto Hell
In retrospect, probably the most accurate one...
- morbiuswilters last edited byPlease allow me to introduce my first grand baby. My sweet oldest son and his beautiful bride are expecting this beautiful bundle June 2016. Grateful to God for His protection and favor. Blessed, excited, overjoyed, elated and just plum beside myself to welcome him to this world.
“Before I formed you in the womb I knew you,
before you were born I set you apart;
I appointed you as a prophet to the nations.”A friendly B&B located conveniently within walking distance of the town. Situated in a quiet area we had a peaceful nights sleep. Room was clean and well stocked with tea and coffee (and even hot chocolate!). En suite bathroom was very small but better that having to share! Shower was good (shower gel provided). Owners were very helpful and friendly and made time to speak with us. Breakfast was delicious and enough choice was given. Beds were comfortable. Would definitely stay here again!
- Official Description (provided by the hotel):
- Beautiful WTB 3 star Victorian town house situated only 5 minutes walk from town centre with its restaurants, marina, pubs and castle. Open all year, all rooms centrally heated, en suites, 2 overlooking Menai Strait, one with its own balcony. Own private car/motorbike park. Drying room. Walkers and cyclists welcome, safe storage for bikes, golf clubs, dive gear and other sport equipment. Only 40 minutes from Holyhead for your trip to Ireland. ... more
less
- Reservation Options:
- TripAdvisor is proud to partner with Booking.com, Hotels.com, Odigeo and Agoda so you can book your Marianfa reservations with confidence. We help millions of travellers each month to find the perfect hotel for both holiday and business trips, always with the best discounts and special offers.
- Also Known As:
- Marianfa Caernarfon, WalesRobin'z Nest
117 N 4th St Oregon, Illinois 61061(815) 881-8029
Print | Save | Directions
AboutRobin'z Nest is located at the address 117 N 4th St in Oregon, Illinois 61061. They can be contacted via phone at (815) 881-8029 for pricing, hours and directions.
For maps and directions to Robin'z Nest view the map to the right. For reviews of Robin'z Nest see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (815) 881-8029
CATEGORIES:
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsCHÂTEAU BEAUSÉJOUR BÉCOT
2006 1er Grand Cru Classé Saint Emilion
Starts fresher and fruitier than one might expect, then the oak kicks in and the mid-palate is very smoky, with coffee and mocha in the finish. Rating: 88-88 L&S (Apr 2007).
(70% merlot, 24% cabernet franc and 6% cabernet sauvignon) Bright ruby-red. Blackberry, espresso and licorice aromas. Juicy and tightly wound, with excellent thrust and firm mineral spine to the intense dark fruit and licorice flavors. Firmly structured wine, finishing with a serious tannic spine and very good grip and length. The cuvaison lasted 42 days, and 80% of the wine went through its malolactic fermentation in new barrels. Rating: 89-91 Stephen Tanzer's International Wine Cellar (May 2007)
Medium body, with berry and coffee character, good tannins and a medium finish. Slightly hollow. Could get better in bottle. Rating: 85-88 James Suckling, The Wine Spectator (May 2007). Drink 2007 2021. Rating: 90-92 Robert Parker, The Wine Advocate, (May 2007)
A very attractive, floral, ripe nose of cherries, blueberry and violets. Very harmonious. Full-bodied, good, not excessive extraction with excellent balance, this has real feminine charm, quite succulent and supple, with blueberry, cassis and raspberry. Harmonious and much more cohesive than recent vintages, this is the best Bécot for a long time. Superb. Rating: 92-94 Neal Martin, (May 2007)
Good colour. Tight, firm structure and length. Attractive red fruit. Minerality of the terroir shows. 2015-25. Rating: **** (Apr 2007)
Mid to dark crimson with a slightly grey hue. Black fruits on the nose with a hint of woodsmoke. Sweet palate entry and nice freshness. Quite opulent start and then admirable rigour and appetising zip, which almost distracts from the slightly dry tannin quality. Definitely superior within this appellation. Just a little bit of a fade on the finish. 2014-20 Rating: 17 Jancis Robinson MW OBE - (Apr 2007).
-This was another great class.
I took some pattern classes in Skillshare before but I love this one the best. As always I enjoy Helen's style of teaching: only what is needed to know is spoken and in such an easy way to understand.
In this project I experimented with adding adjustment layers and changing the layer blend mode for the pattern layer and I realized this could last forever so I forced myself to stop and present here only 4 of the endless options out there.
:)
the background for the instruments is from the custom shape tool and I also added some light decorative lines with a brush.
Thanks!
Starting point rom Veceezy:
The pattern that was created:>>$27.20
Mustard PU Zip Back Mini Skirt$44.20
Wine PU Zip Back Mini Skirt$44.20
Black Side Stripe Skirt$34.00
Black High Split Mini Skirt$25.50
Red High Split Mini Skirt$25.50
White High Split Mini Skirt
was $25.50
Now $12.75 (50% off)
Pink Faux Suede Frill Trim Skirt$37.40
Grey Faux Suede Frill Trim Skirt$37.40
Khaki Faux Suede Frill Trim Skirt$37.40
Blue Denim Lace Up Side Skirt$54.40
Pink Tartan Curved Hem Mini Skirt$25.50
Black and White Race Print Split Skirt$27.20
Red Vinyl Zipped Belted Skirt$44.20
Black Diagonal Frill Vinyl Mini Skirt$54.40
Black Faux Fur Trim Mini Skirt$42.50
Orange Tartan Side Split Mini Skirt$27.20
Green Tartan Side Split Mini Skirt$27.20
Red Tartan Side Split Mini Skirt$27.20
Yellow Tartan Side Split Mini Skirt$27.20
Blue Vinyl Zip Front Mini Skirt$47.60
Pink Faux Suede Frill Skort$42.50
Black Faux Suede Frill Skort$42.50
Pink Vinyl Zip Back Mini Skirt$37.40
Black PU Eyelet Detail Skirt$27.20
Blue Double Stripe Skirt$54.40
Black Faux Leather Paper Bag Waist Mini Skirt$51.00
Black Gingham Tie Front Mini Skirt
was $37.40
Now $18.70 (50% off)
Black Embroidery Lace Up PU Mini Skirt$61.20
Black Frill Hem Mini Skirt$27.20
White Frill Hem Mini Skirt
was $27.20
Now $13.60 (50% off)
Black Gingham Frill Skirt$40.80
Khaki Elasticated Frill Skort$40.80
Black Corduroy Skirt$45.90
Black Satin Blossom Print Skirt$51.00
Black Tie Side Pleated Skirt$45.90
Black Pearl Denim Mini Skirt
was $57.80
Now $28.90 (50% off)
Blue Pearl Denim Mini Skirt$57.80
Pink Frill Skort$42.50
White Diagonal Frill Mini Skirt
was $30.60
Now $15.30 (50% off)
White Lace Up Front A-Line Mini Skirt$37.40
Blue Distressed Denim Mini Skirt$47.60
Pink Faux Suede Lace Up Mini Skirt$64.60
43 Styles FoundI HAVE AN IDEA!
This post is largely about me, though it could be about you too if you look at this opportunity for what it is. I have begun to share my vision and have received a positive response.
It is time to build my team. I am seeking partners for a grand enterprise. Join me on an epic adventure. A corporation that could change the outlook of our economy and the weight of our own wallets.
I HAVE AN IDEA!
A business IDEA. Not just my business but your business as well. My business is your business.
There is a process to get any business from start to finish, from concept to inception. This is called the start up process. That process refined could be a valuable commodity.
All businesses start with a concept, an IDEA. I have IDEAS. Any entrepreneur worth their salt has IDEAS. We all have thoughts, therefore we all have IDEAS. Not many of us go beyond the IDEA phase though. We hesitate out of fear of possible failure. The biggest problem is that we do not know the process for getting those IDEAS to market. This process held me up for far too long.
I studied this process for more than one business IDEA, getting halted due to my limitations, essentially failing. I did not have enough skills and knowledge to start a business. There are many others in similar position.
I continued my studies. I met with entrepreneur and business consultants and coaches to help me get to the next step. I learned the necessary steps, but I was still help back. I did not know enough, fearful and lacking in certain areas.
I learned that there are others who have these same dreams, others who have necessary skills and assets that could help me achieve my dreams. If I could just find a way to get them to help, bring them together to make a complete circle, to complete the process. If I could help them make their IDEAS a reality. They could help me make my IDEAS a reality.
- Business IDEAS
- Inventions
- Apps/Widgets
- Software/Tech
- Warehouse/Wholesale/Distribution
- Writing/Publishing
I also didn’t have any means to pay these experts for their services. Every dollar amount I possess goes into paying off considerable debt, sad but true. I am aware of my circumstance but there is little I can do to change it. How then could I become a business owner if I was so limited and came up short at every step, especially. This is a difficult task indeed. I learned that financing was the least of my worries.
How many people give up because they just don’t believe they can do it. 79% of people want to own a business. Yet there are few who complete the necessary steps. They back off, discouraged and disillusioned because they don’t believe they are capable of owning a business.
This is where my IDEA comes into play. I HAVE AN IDEA! My IDEA is to help those who seriously desire to be their own boss but lack the faith in their capability to succeed. I know that there is a way that I can help those who have this dream.
How would I do it?
By compiling a team; starting a corporation. There are others who have skills and knowledge that amount to assets in the field of entrepreneurship. There are many who could and will help people become the business owner they dream of so fervently.
Why would they bother to help those would-be entrepreneurs? After all, we all want to know(WIIFM) What’s in it for me?
What’s in it for me? Share a piece of the pie(% equity)!
Become invested in the businesses as they coach and assist with this process, share in the profit, then they would be more than willing to share their knowledge, wisdom and expertise. A give and take relationship between successful and aspiring entrepreneurs. We can work together for the greater good. Isn’t that the dream of mankind too, to work together for the benefit of all?
We can help each other to achieve our dreams and stimulate the economy as well. By helping and encouraging new business owners the economy gets a much-needed infusion of wealth. Because we share in the start-up phase of the business, we become an investor in the business we get an infusion of wealth.
Too many people complain, “The rich get richer and the poor get poorer.” This concept can change that circumstance. It encourages and helps people in building up their own personal wealth.
How many businesses could we help start-up? How many businesses could we be invested in at one time because we helped get their business off the ground? How many people could we help to achieve their dreams? The possibilities are endless.
I have business IDEAS and I was drawn up short. This does not stop me but I am sure it stopped far too many. We can create and utilize my IDEAS, your IDEAS and aspiring entrepreneurs IDEAS. In each instance there is a division of equity that is satisfactory to all parties.
I am assembling a team. An opportunity exists. I am starting a corporation dedicated to building businesses, creating dreams, making IDEAS a reality.
As I have recently begun to share my vision and received some interest in the concept. I am looking for fellow like-minded entrepreneurs and founders. In fact the term serial entrepreneur applies best to this IDEA. I am seeking various business related skills and professionals to merge as teammates. Join forces to create a greater entity.
I am meeting with people over the coming months. By the summer of 2017 I am forming a corporation dedicated to entrepreneurs and their IDEAS. Not just business IDEAS; apps/widgets, software/tech, inventions or existing product improvements, and more. We will make IDEAS a reality.
Join my team!
Seeking Partners! % Equity!
Entrepreneurs! Founders! Start Ups!
ALL Business Trades/Skills! (Legal, Account/Finance, Projects & more)
MASTERMIND!
Interested?
Contact me: email: rjhorner@outlook.com
View my Profiles: FB – facebook.com/hornerrj
Twitter – @rjhorner73
Find out who I am and how you can work with me!
I implore you to join me and share in my vision!
RJ Horner,
Entrepreneur, Writer, CoachChelsea are confident of tying up a deal for Fiorentina’s Marcos Alonso before the transfer window slams shut tomorrow night.
The Blues are short of options in defence and allowed left-back Baba Rahman to join Schalke on loan earlier this month in search or regular football.
Rahman failed to impress the Stamford Bridge hierarchy after joining from Bundesliga side Augsburg a year ago and head coach Antonio Conte deemed him surplus to requirements.
Chelsea are willing to pay more than £20million to sign former Bolton Wanderers defender Alonso and negotiations for the sale of the 25-year-old are in the final stages.
Conte has watched Alonso’s progress in Serie A closely while on regular scouting missions as part of his former duties as manager of the Italian national team.
Chelsea would still like to add a centre-back to their ranks before Wednesday’s deadline but moves for Kalidou Koulibaly and Alessio Romagnoli appear dead in the water.
The huge fees required to sign the players and the complexity of the deals make it unlikely either will arrive before the cut-off point and the Blues are instead looking at loan deals.
Alonso’s expected arrival will also ease the burden on the threadbare squad as the naturally left-sided player could facilitate a return to right-back for Cesar Azpilicueta.
Regular right-back Branislav Ivanovic has been criticised for his performances at recent times and shifting Azpilicueta to his original position could see him left out of the picture.
Instead, Ivanovic could become the additional centre-half that Conte is looking for and Ola Aina would continue to provide cover in the wide areas.
Meanwhile, rumours are swirling that Kurt Zouma is wanted in German but the Blues are not keen to allow the Frenchman to leave the club as he nears a return to action.
Where do Chelsea need to strengthen?
1000+ VOTES SO FAR
The transfer window
Will close in
alrighty, in keeping the trend with my previous post, and in honor of
it being the day after Valentine’s Day, i shall now post some of the
lamest romantic lines ever.
of course, my brain is failing me miserably and i can’t seem to think
of many…. so i would appreciate all y’all’s contributions!
i think sara had some good ones:
“you complete me.” Tom Cruise
“Shut up..Just Shut up..you had me at hello. You had me at hello.” Renee Zellweger – from Jerry Maguire LAME-O
Julia Roberts’ line from “Notting Hill” – “I’m just a girl standing in front of a boy asking him to love her.”
any others?
Advertisements
The “you had me at hello” quote sorta left my eyes a bit misty…. You didn’t find that cute? (blech) just kidding, even grammatically it’s confusing at best.
Oh BTW you did forget one of my favorite funny/quasi-romantic quotes….
Harold: “Marry me. Marry me for money, people do it all the time.”
Susan: “Harold, that isn’t funny, and I have a great sense of humor.”
Harold: Then marry me for love.
Know what it’s from??
A couple other favorite quotes from that movie are:
David: oh so you work on Sunday’s now huh?
His brother: It’s wednesday David.
Or…..
David’s Brother: I pay for your life; My life makes yours possible.
David: I resent that.
Brother: So do I!
Sabrina. Awesome movie. Lame love lines? Lemme think.
“You, Sir, are supposed to be charming.””And we, Princess, are supposed to live happily ever after.””Who says?””You know … I don’t know.” – AAAAACK! I mean, um … ahem. Danielle and Jughead – er – the Prince from Ever After.
There are several in Star Wars Episode 2, but fortunately I’ve only seen it once, so I didn’t memorize the lines.
Dear Andrea,
Hey! Those are great lines! What’s so bad about “you complete me” or the Notting Hill one? Hope you’re doing well,
Sincerely,
ThomasThe Gold Rush
A lone prospector ventures into Alaska looking for gold. He gets mixed up with some burly characters and falls in love with the beautiful Georgia. He tries to win her heart with his singular charm.
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy, Drama, Family, Romance
Actor: Charles Chaplin, Mack Swain, Tom Murray
Director: Charles ChaplinShadows.
Thanks for the mention Emma I loved the way it link past and present how the guys had moved on from the early days and also how Chile had fared over that time ,all the best stu
It’s a nice book. The writer respects his characters and their engagement but it doesn’t stop him from gently pointing out their ridicules.
I have not read this, but the sense of dislocation and drifting experienced during the years after Chile’s “9/11” were hammered home to me during a party I attended on the outskirts of Paris this winter where I found myself captive audience for nearly two hours to a talkative Chilean exile who’d left in 1971 and never returned (Paris still has an enormous community of such exiles). The man was clearly still suffering from a form of post-traumatic stress, and the same metaphor that you use above occurred to me while he was talking, that he was a bit like a prisoner unable to adjust to a changed world. Like members of today’s generation to whom you allude, I felt entirely inadequate in the face of the passions, hopes, betrayals, horrors and complexities he and his compatriots had endured. (Apropos of nothing but your mention of L’Humanité, have you ever attended the Fête de l’Humanité held in September just north of Paris? France and the U.S. may have a tremendous amount in common, but there’s one experience – worth doing at least once – where one knows for sure that one is not in the U.S…).
When I wrote my billet I thought about one of Guy’s latest review about a man who’s out of prison and struggles to start a new life.
I’ve never attended La Fête de l’Humanité but it must be quite a thing and it must have been huge in the 1960s/1970s. France and the USA have a totally different vision of communists.
Quick answer: Because the horrors in the former USSR, China,and Eastern Europe arose not so much because of the belief in Marx, Lenin or Mao but rather because of a lack of fidelity to the socialist cause (i.e. revisionism) 🙂
And I think people are largely disaffected and disinterested because politics in America, for example, is meaningless. People may vote for a new face, but corporations still rule and make the decisions.
It’s true for economy. But it’s not for societal changes such as marriage for homosexuals, bioethic rules, abortion…
OK, I agree that you can’t judge an idea from what it becomes when it goes from the head to the hands.
From the little I know (and you’re a lot more competent than me on that matter), I think it’s totally impossible to implement these ideas. Why? Because I don’t have enough faith in humanity. Although I know very fine people and encounter goodness, I still think that collectively, humans are driven by greed for money and power. Give them a little opportunity to have power over others and they’ll use it for themselves.
So to the “let’s get together and change the world”, I’ll just quote Romain Gary again : “If we could get all together, the world, we wouldn’t need to change it anymore. It would already be totally different. Alone, you can do something. You can change your own world but you can’t change other people’s world”.
I read another of Sepúlveda’s novels and liked it but wasn’t blown away.
This sounds interesting enough.
I wasn’t blown away by the style either but I found it interesting to read.
This sounds really good. I have always found that Chilean history to be very interesting as well as troubling (especially troubling is the US government’s involvement in putting the Pinochet regime into power).
Sometimes I too am amazed at the naiveté that some people will exhibit while supporting certain ideologies. When I think about it however, even in the radical 1960s in the United States, very few individuals actually supported things like Anarchism or Maoism. On the other hand, if one grew up in a society with enormous inequalities exhibited in what at the time were second and third world nations, as well living under the threat of a right wing dictatorship, one might be more inclined to support left wing extremist beliefs.
On the French radio, there’s a weekly program called “Rendez-vous avec X”. It’s someone from the secret services who explains some political events and what happened behind the curtains. The programs about Pinochet’s coup were particularly interesting.
These ideologies were very popular in France at the time, so you don’t need to be in a developping country. The USA have a very different view of communists. In France, after WWII, the communist party had 1/4 of the votes. it was popular in universities in May 1968 and at the time, students came from privileged families. What amazes me is people like Sartres being totally caught. How can someone so intelligent be so blind? It went beyond the revolt of people experiencing inequalities.
Ironically, I’d say it became the opium of the intellectuals.
I think that you have coined a brilliant phrase Emma – “The opium of the intellectuals”! I love it!Forty Days of Prayer – Day 40
Scripture: Malachi 3:8–18 Focus Text: “Bring the full tithe into the storehouse, so that there may be food in my house, and thus put me to the test, says the LORD of hosts; see if I will not open the windows of heaven and pour down on you an overflowing blessing (v. 10). Listening to […]Media/ Resources/ HomeLife/ HomeLife: Children - Face Your Fear! HomeLife Face Your Fear! Design When trying a brand new dish or style of food Foundation Learning about facing our fears by trying out new foods, talking about personal challenges and learning how God’s love conquers all Tools Option 1: Ask your family members what new foreign food or dish they would like to try. Option 2: Surprise your family with a new meal or foreign dish (the weirder the name the better). You can even decorate the dining room to match the culture of the new food you are trying. Think of a story where you conquered a fear. Have enough 3x5 cards for everyone. Construction DISCUSS: Why do we sometimes resist trying new foods? What are we usually afraid of? ASK: What is one of your biggest fears right now? (afraid of the dark, trying to ride a bike, failing at something, standing up for what’s right, speaking up, dying, etc.) DO: Take everyone’s fears seriously by noting them and praying for them. SHARE: Think of a time when you conquered a fear (especially if it’s related to one mentioned) and share it with the family. READ: Read 1 John 4:18 together: “There is no fear in love. But perfect love drives out fear.” ASK: How do you think God’s love drives out fear? (We know He is always in control, always looking out for us, always with us.) READ: Mark 4:40 together: “[Jesus] said to his disciples, “Why are you so afraid? Do you still have no faith?” ASK: Why do you think faith conquers fear? (because trusting that God is our powerful protector means we don’t have to be afraid). ACTIVITY: Have everyone write out their own Victory Verse on a 3x5 card to carry with them throughout the day or to put somewhere as a reminder. You can pick one verse for the whole family or let everyone pick their own. Some great fear-conquering Victory Verses include: Deut 31:6; Josh 1:9; 1 Chron 28:20; Ps 4:8; 27:1; 34:4,7; 56:3-4; Prov 29:25; Isa 12:2; 41:10,13; Matt 10:28; Rom 8:15, 31; 1 Cor 16:13; 2 Tim 1:7; Heb 13:6; Jas 4:7; 1 Pet 3:13-14; 1 Jn 2:14 PRAY: Pray together: “We thank You, Lord, that we don’t have to fear people or our circumstances because we know You are always with us. Thank You for our food, our time together and Your promises in the Bible. In Jesus’ name we pray, amen.” © 2011 Inkling Innovations & Chris SherrodAug 18 (Reuters) - Heico Corp
* Heico Corporation announces its largest acquisition
* Heico Corp - deal for $316.5 million in cash
* Heico Corp - Heico stated purchase price is $316.5 million in cash to be paid at closing
* Heico Corp - its electronic technologies group entered into a stock purchase agreement to acquire 100% of stock of Aeroantenna Technology Inc.
* Heico Corp - expects acquisition to be accretive to its earnings within first year following closing
* Heico Corp - additional financial details were not disclosed.
* Heico Corp - purchase price includes about $37 million to compensate sellers for tax elections which will result in a net cash tax benefit to Heico
* Heico Corp - AAT would continue to operate in same location with current management in place
* Heico Corp - no material staff turnover is expected post-acquisition. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:It was one of our usual off-the-record discussions when I spoke with network admin and asked about the regular password change set up on the system. And, the answer included words like “my opinion,” “my experience,”… but, not a single word about policy. “Which policy?” I was asked. Oh, something is, obviously, wrong.
So, we started from the beginning. Information Security Management is one of the cornerstones of IT Service Management and a critical part of the warranty of a service. The goal of the Information Security Management process is to provide guidance or direction for security activities and to ensure that security goals are achieved. What does that mean? Let’s see:
- Guidance for security activities – this means that other processes and functions get clear instructions and guidelines on how to approach security issues. Take, for example, the daily activities of the IT Operations or Access Management functions regarding the BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) concept. BYOD is in place, but there is a security policy that defines who can use it, which network resources can be accessed by which users, which authentication method is in place, etc.
- Security goals – if you have, e.g., ISO 20000 in place, then you will regularly have to check if security measures are in place. If not, it’s not a bad idea (at least, I have had positive experiences with it) that you establish an internal audit to check if all included parties (e.g., IT Operations, development, users, management, etc.) comply with the security regulation in place. An ideal case would be to have an (unbiased) external auditor.
Concept
The Information Security Management process is the central point for all security issues inside the organization. Its task is to produce the information security policy. Such policy should cover all issues regarding use (or misuse – don’t forget that) of IT services and respective systems. Since today’s IT environment covers many services and technological solutions, it’s unrealistic (I would say, even a bad idea) to expect that one document, i.e., policy, will cover all necessary issues. Therefore, the information security policy could be a root document comprising specific documents that regulate particular areas. For example, each of following areas can have a stand-alone policy: password, access to the IT systems, BYOD, backup, clean desk, supplier… etc.
One more thing: If you don’t have any information security process in place, ITIL or ISO 20000 gives good guidance. But, the most popular and most widely used standard for information security is ISO 27001, and it can be used to cover information security for all your IT Service Management (ITSM) issues. Even if you have an Information Security process in place.
CIA
No, it’s not THE Agency (but, during the seminar, I use the acronym for students to remember), but that’s how ITIL describe objectives of Information Security Management:
- Confidentiality – security objectives are met if information is observed by or disclosed to only those who have a right to know.
- Integrity – security objectives are met when information is complete, accurate and protected against unauthorized modification.
- Availability – there are two levels for security objectives to be met: information is available and usable when needed, and systems that provide that information can resist attacks and recover from failures.
IT service lifecycle and information security
Information security is not a stand-alone process. To the contrary, it interfaces with many other ITSM processes (which is logical, since information security is one of the four parameters that describe service warranty).
Read more @ net-security.orgShed Door Security Products: Hasp & Staple and Hinge Security
See Also:
The Shed Shackle - A unique product designed to improve security inside sheds
We manufacture the Police-approved HS1 Heavy Duty Hasp & Staple and we also assemble the Beef-Up Kit, to help improve the security of some hasp and staple products and to boost the security of the hinges on the other side of the door.
More details on these products are below and on linked pages, as well as being listed in our online shop.
HS1 Heavy Duty Hasp and Staple
We designed our HS1 Heavy Duty Hasp & Staple to be better than any comparable-priced hasp on the market. The photo to the right shows the main components of the HS1 without its fitting kit.
It is approved by the Police and by Sold Secure and is CEN 4 rated.
It features a hardened staple, has a welded hinge and uses eight concealed coach bolt fixings.
It allows the use of closed shackle locks, indeed we designed it to work particularly well with these as the conventional open shackle lock on a shed door is one of the most common things for a thief to defeat. Using a closed shackle lock on a hasp that is designed for it, gives the thief very little to attack.
The HS1 hasp is a serious deterrent. It is more expensive than budget hasps, but modest investments to keep thieves out of your shed can be the best investments of all!
Click for more information on the HS1 Heavy Duty Hasp and Staple
Squire No. 8 Hasp and Staple
The Squire No. 8 Hasp & Staple is a cheaper hasp for less demanding situations. The staple and hasp are both made of hardened steel. It is ideal for use with the SS50CS, SS50-S, SS50-C-Combi, SS50-Combi or SHCB65 padlocks.
No. 8 Dimensions: Width - 54.2mm, Length - 216.0mm, Staple Diameter - 10.0mm, Staple Clearance - 25.0mm. The photo to the right shows the No. 8 with a 50p coin for scale.
We recommend this item is used in conjunction with a closed shackle padlock such as the Squire SS50CS and also a Beef-Up Kit to increase the security level. This is because the standard product from Squire includes a coach bolt for the hasp side, but only woodscrews for the staple side, so this can be vulnerable to being prised away from the woodwork. The Beef-Up kit provides some 60mm long countersunk-headed machine screws that can replace two of the wood screws for the staple and thus make it much more resistant to attack.
Beware that the hasp side of the No. 8 includes a folded tongue that is intended to go onto the edge of the door, in the crack between the door and frame, so this hasp is not suitable for fitting to doors that don't have a frame coming to the edge.
Beef-Up Kit for Boosting Security on Door Hinges and Some Hasps
Door hinges are common attack points for thieves and.
If you have a hasp & staple that only uses wood screws on one or both sides, again, the Beef-Up Kit may be able to help (e.g. with the Squire No. 8, the Beef-Up Kit includes some bolts to replace two of the wood screws that Squire supply for fixing the staple).
Click for more explanation on the Beef-Up Kit.my nebulae, my antilles
MY NEBULAE, MY ANTILLES
by Quintan Ana Wikswo
first published in Gulf Coast
[ x ]
Let’s say she lies all day upon the beach in the Antilles, and I embroider her until she becomes my buttonhole: a silken stitch with needle and thread of seaweed. And then I slip through her skin of sand and cashmere, as though a pearl fastened tight against the rise of her flesh.
[ x ]
This letter from the Antilles tells me of progress regarding her strategic plan: to wrap a series of single square concrete blocks in colorful stripes of spun sugar. To artificially inflate the price of artisanal fishhooks, and profit through controlling the market on radial netting, handspun by a sisterhood of leprotic Haitian nuns.
Her tactics remain vague. This discussion incongruous, superfluous.
What of our more sartorial conversation.
Why now this intrusion.
I wrote back to the Antilles and told her to cease clarifying her schemes for artistry and commerce:
Why now this inclusion?
What of our sartorial distractions?
Please –
Tell me nothing of what you did today, of what foods you ate, or of your fragile frustrations.
Let us go diving in a different sea. Let us stay down so long we come up with barnacles, with gills.
[ x ]
I once overheard one meatpacker whispering to another on an eastbound train:
When I was a small child, I was very silent. I was known for my silence. It was not known that I kept a diary. In its earliest life, it was a simple count of the day’s activities. Tally up the scabs on my kneecaps. The sixteen colors that live within a beet. As the days passed, I learned that paper listens. And later, as I became more courageous and my life took on a more uncertain meaning, I began to talk. Secrets of the kind spies are trained not to divulge from within the calibrated agonies of torture. Exquisite. You might think a young child would not have secrets of those means. That capacity to heal and to destroy. But I urge you – reconsider. There are intimacies some are inclined to pursue against the wishes of a silent child.
It became clear that my house was unsafe for the keeping of this diary. We lived in a remote area many miles beyond the nearest town – when I could escape the range of civilization, my companions were foxes and falcons, tigers and weevils. They read only the language of the senses. They lacked thumbs. Safe, I placed my diaries within a series of large glass jars, and buried them. Each week, another jar.
We were far from the cultivated fields…
Although the train car was quiet and my ears unusually sensitive, I averted my attention for some time.
Not from delicacy, but because I believe in the ethics of eavesdropping.
One false choice and the luminosity of another person goes dim.
[ x ]
The letter – the next consecutive letter – highly anticipated – remains delayed. Weeks pass. New magazines arrive from my agent in Riga. I read them.
Latvia is only a distraction, the way home is a hole at the center.
I dislike the wind in Riga, and the sound it makes against the buttresses whose angularity and rigidity are merely concealed by the distracting romance of cleverly carved vines and furbelows. Ah, Riga, all your sands have long since turned to stone.
[ x ]
It was winter when I fled to the Antilles. This was many years ago. Three months I planned to say – no more, no less. Solace.
I remember I was exhausted.
I rented a room in a house that proved unsettling. There were reasons they rented to foreigners. Even the local children knew why birds would not land on the tower balustrades. Why the floorboards had been painted, and why the cracks so very carefully filled in. Why the aloe grew thickly along lines of nonexistence pathways, and why the lizards refused to cross into those furrows. Because of this, and through the desire to change the habitual patterns in my fundamental inclinations, I spent my days and nights on the beach, or under some wide-legged leaf.
The language barriers proved significant, and insurmountable. The islanders had never heard of my country – my every attempt to gain legitimacy failed. My willingness to show them my passport only underscored their suspicion.
Despite their conviction, I had nothing to reveal: many meetings began with speaking and ended in the extended silence of stalemate.
So becalmed, there was little to do but learn to evade these predicaments altogether. I ceased all social activity. I ceased moving about the island.
With thin and inconsequential new data, my brain began to relieve itself of a lifetime of congestion.
In isolation, memory after memory unfurled themselves for mere instants – their dendritic fronds arrayed like firecrackers against my darkened sky.
And I, a slack-mouthed bystander, gaping wide-eyed from down below.
[ x ]
In dread that these memories would rapidly re-constipate themselves within my mind, I decanted them onto paper, just as the meatpacker had suggested. But unlike the meatpacker’s urge for burial, I wished to push them from myself – set them into movement, to hurl them outwards.
I began posting several of these as letters to myself.
Each day at the post, a familiar charade: the scrambling quest for communion, the ego’s thirst for false impressions. A performance pantomimed for the clerk.
These must be on their way at once
They are already terribly delayed
Someone is waiting for me back home
I had never sufficient coins in my pocket for full postage. This invoked ridicule, or pity, or censure. Someone always helped me out, as though making some oblique religious argument regarding my insolvency. Refugee, drifter, panhandler.
As the weeks passed, the claw I stretched across the government trestle was not mine: as I wrote through the winter, the skin on my hand gradually dried and cracked – a result of the climate, and the length of time spent writing near the microscopic spray from the surf. Even the fingernails were iodined, archaic.
I probably posted about four or five a day.
[ x ]
I endured the many long flights that brought me home and my skin again softened and smoothed out, but it was as though my travels to the equator had altered the passage of time. As though some spine had risen up inside me along which time nestled, like a dune.
[ x ]
When the letters first began to arrive, I had been home for nearly six months.
I found I had no memory of writing them.
I barely recognized this woman, their writer. Despite all claims of dry, hers is a damp heart, and pounding.
[ x ]
As time passed, I remembered her less and less, yet knew her more and more.
Is she who I was, or who I have yet to become?
What harbor harbors her?
The equatorial sky above her is so unlike my sky of roof: concrete, I-beam, tar, shingle, chimney, aerial, contrail.
[ x ]
The letter arrives. The delay – I have misspelled my own name.
How easy it is to lose myself through administrative error, or through the foibles of sloppy typography.
The lunar curl of half-claw, shaping an ill-lettered alphabet.
[ x ]
I move through my world half-phantomed. As if I perhaps avoid myself, in all locations.
Today’s communication relies upon the preposterous. She writes:
I am reading a book about the native crustaceans of the Antilles. I do not recognize the characters as letters and thus when I read, I fall asleep. In this way, I have learned nothing of the crustaceans of the Antilles. Yet when I am asleep, I dream: I am a crab nebula. In this way, I have learned everything of the crustaceans of the sky.
Her distance from me in time and space remains a question due to uncertainties in every method used to ascertain her existence. Clearly, however, her presence is expanding outwards. Within days of her creation, she could only reach to the end of her pencil. Then to the government postal office, and no further. Whereas now, her words find me on the other side of the earth.
[ x ]
She writes that in the Antilles, there are two methods for reading fortunes:
First, one must set a basket of crabs upon one’s bare stomach and deduce the future in the bleeding scratches.
She spends afternoons in this pursuit:
Their remarkable chelae equip them for mastery of a uniquely delicate lexicography. In fact, the sea floor is a dictionary of unprecedented accuracy and eloquence. It has made me eager to learn how to swim. I ask the fisherfolk to teach me but they refuse. They say anyone who gazes for too long at the sea floor is beset by madness. I asked to meet one of these aquatic lunatics, and the fisherfolk obliged. But again, I encountered another language that is not my own. The lunatic gave me a basket of crabs, and indicated that I should set them upon my bare stomach. The remainder of her instructions I deduced largely from context and innuendo.
She feels no pain as scrying tablet for the crabs.
The crabs see an end to machines that inhabit the sky: airplanes, spacecraft, satellites, and that perplexing muddle of invisible vibrations that comprises our telephony.
She says the crabs offer an optimistic presagement of some great reversal of sea and sky.
…a starfish with sweet-fleshed, swinging scabrous arms who cuts through it all – they call it Sea Sky Spider, or She Who Tears It All Down.
She says their new god, they say, will keep swinging until there is nothing left.
They see an end to the aerial boxes of commerce. Afterwards the sky will be white, a transparent vista of clean crème nothingness, and the crabs will come from their nebula to scratch out a new vista.
She writes that this particular lineage of crabs date back to the Jurassic – they know certain things to be true.
They have long memories, which are interrupted only by cookery.
And they do feel pain.
[ x ]
There exists a clever implement for the construction of egg salad. Within a plastic and aluminum apparatus lies the quivering egg, unshelled. It glistens, and then its moist promise of birth evaporates and its opacity takes on a dullness, and the metal wires cut through the cataract of it until the core dawns golden, a sort of morning glory, edible. This is what these letters do to me.
[ x ]
It’s surprising how many of the letters become lost along the way. I suspect that letters are now so uncommon that anyone encountering them cannot resist the compulsion to touch. It begins with turning the paper packet over, feeling the paradoxical oily crispness of its skin. The translucency.
The temptation that enough handling can provoke a sentient response in the envelope – as though the proper caress will cause the glue to soften and to yield, the flap to curl up slightly at the edges, and then with a gasp the sheet of writing paper within begins to simply swell out of the opening. All of it happening with a fluid muscularity.
[ x ]
A letter arrives – a full year has passed since the last, and I had assumed the letter lost. And yet here it is. Initially I am delighted, but soon I sense a coldness at my periphery. It creeps up closer and closer towards my heart, closing its trapdoors in my vein along its way. There is no hope for thawing this one out. The thought has created a spiny matrix, rather like a window screen, and the sweetness that I knew before bats its wings against the lid in vain.
There is no entry here.
I write:
Where have you been. I waited for you.
For months my patience was my testament of valor. This my monument to trust. And now, a year – I have seen the sun glisten off the bodies in the water, and how hard the ships must work to overcome that beauty, much less the surf at water’s edge. Perhaps the letter never left the island.
What else could be cause for this delay?
A shipment of lemons waiting on the tarmac in Miami, flies on their stems, soon to become citron presse in Dijon, and at the bottom of the crate is wedged my letter. An indigenous rind fungus has eroded much of the paper. The pulps mingle, and rot.
My letter sits in a stamp shop in Tangiers, being fondled by the inventory auditor. There is saliva there that is not my own. I am betrayed.
[ x ]
My landlady has begun sidestepping any introductions to new tenants. She used to like to make matches amongst us – arrange for petty romances and gallant rescues in one direction or another.
I hear her whisper:
For quite some time now, Apartment 42 has been having an affair with a woman in the Antilles. I’m not sure what’s wrong. They never visit. The phone is silent. Sometimes months go by between letters, and it’s nothing but gloom and despair in there. No need to worry. It’s surely harmless.
I suspect there is an age difference that stands in the way.
People can be so small-minded.
[ x ]
The letter arrives.
Inside, she says:
Yesterday, I ironed all the tiny pleats in the indigo blouse, the favorite one. Due to the humidity, its encounter with the iron was erotic.
I write back:
Yes? But did you repair the button?
Although I already know her answer, and before I have mailed my response, her reply arrives.
Inside, she says:
I refuse to repair the button. I am adamantly opposed to all indications of time’s passage. Instead, I sleep with it between my teeth.
She writes as though ours is her second language.
[ x ]
I worry that she is skating across the surface of what really matters: survival, accomplishment, security. She is adapting her brain to fit this attractive new reality, rather than adjusting reality to fit her understandings and beliefs.
I worry that her lifestyle of sun and shade renders her little more than an incarnate sundial, telling the hours of the rest of our life. Silent, immortal witness.
She sends me unrequested advice, willing me to take it to heart. To make changes. To alter course.
I worry that while she continues her life in the Antilles, seeking guidance from her crustaceans, the two of us are on divergent paths that intersected only briefly that winter. I worry that our trajectories are tangential. That if we ever meet again, she would be disappointed in who I have become. Or perhaps at who I have stayed being.
She writes of the most recent epigrams of the sibilant crabs:
Above all else, cease from worrying.
Stop this trick of the mind.
This the greatest disease that prevents humans from evolving as a species.
It is worry that conjures weapons.
[ x ]
What if I were to become quite ill. The details of this sickness would be dull but rather unpleasant to experience and observe.
I have little here that I would miss – a solidly admirable life, fulfilling, but surely not essential. It’s just the thought of her letters arriving at a destination that is no longer accurate. There would be no forwarding address. I cannot imagine how I could get word to her.
[ x ]
Once, I was riding in a taxicab. One of those weary bleached afternoons that pretends to be a dawn. For a moment you indulge the light’s charade – fine, yes, you are morning, I believe you. But the curtain closes on the game and night surprises you with its applause. That is the perfect moment for a taxicab.
I ducked my head. I climbed inside. Oh, the beauty of that dark and greasy womb.
The foreign driver was listening to a contraband radio broadcast on a dashboard shortwave. It had audio subtitles that created a riptide of meaning – the reporter’s fluid syllables slipping past the harsh rocks and reefs of our native consonants with disarming sanguinity. Because of her, one might be tempted to jump into conversation with a vulnerability and earnestness one would never reveal at home. It’s dangerous. One ends up pinned down somewhere, gasping, unable to breathe water instead of air. At best, one ends up carried far away from where one entered, exhausted and very far from shore.
Nonetheless, I listened in to the reported scandal of the day, which pertained to the government postal service. Its procedural manuals had not been updated since the third dictatorship. The key postal facilities were replete with arcanery that called itself equipment: cancellation machines whose pulleys were fabricated from human hair; slits and holes and slices in conveyor belts whose apparatus itself was suspended across a crevasse at whose bottom holiday spelunkers claimed to have found parcels containing scientific specimen trays of species long since extinct.
These problems had been going on for quite some time.
A rather magnificent New Year’s Eve celebration was halted by state police when the confetti was discovered to consist of shredded holiday cards, chosen from the outgoing mail bins on the purely festive basis of colored envelopes.
Several large fascist era highrise apartment blocks were flooded when the river lept its banks – a surplus of neglected mail so overwhelmed the postal service that it dumped more than a thousand bags into the water, creating a dam of undelivered correspondence dating back several decades. Communist times.
Children crying. Lovers irrevocably suicided along the nation’s perilous embankments.
If only the letter had arrived, everything could have been different. Would have.
[ x ]
I lie in bed at night and think of her.
I brush my teeth in the morning and I think of her.
I know she found some sort of sextant and compass necessary for optimal navigation.
Everything that is missing in my life here in the North.
[ x ]
In the last letter, she provides me with the following:
There is a second method for foretelling the future. It is as dangerous as it is accurate.
Precisely at midday, while the sun can cast no shadow, carefully mark down your coordinates through drawing two perpendicular and intersecting lines.
Then – equally carefully – split oneself in two.
One is to wait in place.
The other is to go on ahead.
Through this method, it is imperative to maintain close and regular correspondence.
[ x ]
She is a buttonhole, and I am the button. There is nothing else.
Published in Gulf CoastA History of the Jews in The United States
1935 · Cincinnati, Ohio
by LEVINGER, Rabbi Lee J., Ph.D.
Cincinnati, Ohio: Union Of AMer. Hebrew Cong, 1935. Very Good. 2nd ed. Very good plus. Browned end pages, bumped corners of 10 pgs, cloth corners and edges bumped, light soil on cloth covers, clean text. Please Note: This book has been transferred to Between the Covers from another database and might not be described to our usual standards. Please inquire for more detailed condition information. (Inventory #: 195144)Based a dozen other items in the “consent agenda” –the list of routine items deemed by the city clerk to be routine in nature and not worthy of public discussion.
A mere 15 minutes prior to the 6p.m. meeting this statement was was issued to all the media (except the GUARDIAN) by council president Maryanne Jordan:
“Public involvement, whether it be in regard to a major sewer project, major road project or the possibility of a streetcar system and its impact to users, is not only appropriate but our responsibility,” Council President Maryanne Jordan said. “With that in mind, it makes sense to defer this item until the council has had a chance to review the bids and gather information about the appropriate benchmarks for the public outreach effort.”
We ask: WHY WAS IT ON THE AGENDA IN THE FIRST PLACE?
The press release included a statement from Mayor Bieter who is on vacation and was not present at the meeting but supports the council’s decision and provided the following statement:
“It is vital that the public be informed and given a chance to provide feedback on the proposed Boise Streetcar System. That is why outreach contracts such as this are common in all levels of government. The City must provide this opportunity and get it right, which is why I agree with postponing action until the council has had an opportunity to evaluate the proposal more fully.”
Again we ask: WHY WAS IT ON THE AGENDA if the mayor thought it needed more consideration?
We can only conclude SOMEONE on Team Dave tried to slip it past the council. We also note it is common for the council to table issues when there is a lot of public interest.
The first Boise Streetcar Open House was held on October 1, 2009, attracting over 300 visitors and 164 written comments. A breakdown of comments gathered at the open house indicates a positive response for a streetcar system, with 57% (95 comments) in support; 35% (58 comments) against: and 8% (11 comments) neutral.
To insure more advertising-free Boise Guardian news, please consider financial support.
Oct 6, 2009, 7:55 pm
Very interesting Guardian. Although I certainly did not speak directly to everyone who attended the open house, I guess I spoke with EVERY person opposed to the streetcar. My “exit poll” findings were 4-1 against the idea of a streetcar! HMMM……
Oct 6, 2009, 8:31 pm
Good work guys, but we all know that it is not over yet. Keep your eyes and ears open… Team Dave is not going to give up his folly trolley this easily.
Brown shirts like to have their own way!
Oct 7, 2009, 7:23 am
Nothing inappropriate about “public outreach.” Give folks the facts. Let them decide. What is inappropriate is the “marketing” part of this…Convince the public (at their expense). $90,000 will buy a lot of posters and cookies for public meetings.
Oct 7, 2009, 7:53 am
Anyone watch “The Simpsons”? This whole thing reminds me of the monorail episode…
Oct 7, 2009, 8:12 am
I think possibly the reason for the skewed response at the open house is that people are either too apathetic or too afraid to complain.
I have talked to dozens of people about the streetcar. About 95% are opposed to it privately – but will not say anything publicly about how they feel.
EDITOR NOTE– You make a good point. I have done a bunch of interviews for other media because they come up against a wall of silence from those who privately tell them they oppose the project, but are afraid to comment publicly.
All it takes is sending an email to boisestreetcar@cityofboise.org. If you can’t even do just that – you are going to get a streetcar guaranteed.
Oct 7, 2009, 8:19 am
Nice work BG. People like you force transparency in government which is exactly what Boise needs with what is happening.
It seems that over and over again things are being hidden from Boise residents and the city council for the Mayor’s Campaign friends.
Such as the Ad campaign agency and the Bose Fire Chief. All have real close connections to Dave Bieters political Campaign. Curiously all are also having things handed to them while hiding from the people of Boise and their representatives, but more so the people of Boise.
This is crazy.
Oct 7, 2009, 10:03 am
The answer to your question as to why it was on the consent agenda is EASY to answer….the mayor wanted to sneak it through!!!
The local paper and the Guardian are doing a great job and should look in detail to EVERY consent agenda EVERY week. YOu will find other stuff in there that needs public light as well.
Oct 7, 2009, 10:26 am
Oh ye of like minds. Isn’t it nice , and comfy to have no-growth compatriots on this site with whom you can commiserate, and complain, endlessly, a cacophony of vitriol, of woe is me.
Truth is, the trolley would be a boon to downtown Boise, ergo a boon to all of Boise. Downtown boasts more than 40,000 workers and more inhabitants now than no-growth proponents would ever have imagined. Add tourism (downtown Boise is a wonderful place), and ridership is assured. Business will grow, welcome, interesting construction will follow and tax coffers will rise. Then, proponents will vie for a spur – to Hyde Park – to the Depot, etc. That’s the truth.
Oct 7, 2009, 11:49 am
have/smoke another Progressive. even if your esimated outcome was correct, the Guardian article is calling out the sneaky attempt to secure marketing funding, not necessarily debating the value of the project. if it is as great as you proclaim, then why is all the p.r. needed? to convince us simpleminded folk???
Oct 7, 2009, 1:21 pm
Thanks, Progressive. In city after city, where public transit is provided development occurs immediately around key stops. It not only promotes responsible (infill) development, it gets more people out of their cars and also reduces the need for surface parking.
Oct 7, 2009, 2:21 pm
Where’s the folks from Acorn when you need a good PR campaign? I’m sure they could use the money – now that their funding seems to be drying up.
Keep an eye out for more shenanigans in the dark of night.
Oct 7, 2009, 2:48 pm
Yo, ADR, finally went to your blog —
It’s amazing and the most comprehensive one-stop shop I’ve seen explaining why this trolley is CRAZINESS.
One problem: how does someone who wants to do something about it and have a private conversation with you get in touch with you??
(Maybe you could at least post here or on yr blog some kind of email address –even if it’s not yr personal one– that you will check.)
A few of us want to get with you ASAP.
(I’ll check back on this boise guardian comment site here and your blog to see if you’ve got a contact email or phone posted. And suggest in yr comments on this subject from now on, you start posting a contact email. Thx!)
TIME FOR ACTION!
Oct 7, 2009, 3:20 pm
I remain steadfast in my position that the only trolley system I will support is one that will take us to the Land of Make Believe.
Oct 7, 2009, 3:21 pm
No-growth? Okay, “Progressive”… you got me. Guilty as charged.
I’m also fiscally conservative (don’t like us spending money we don’t have… learned that from my good parents). I’m also transparency-in-government. And reluctantly pro-democracy. (I’m ALWAYS right… but the majority should have a voice, I s’pose. nudge-nudge, wink-wink.)
Just put it before the voters. Let’s see if the majority are “progressive” or “luddite.”
(An obvious question arises in this particular situation… is supporting a $60 million 19th-century transportation mode really “progressive”? My head starts hurting… but I bet that Wheelchair Guy could explain it all.)
Oct 7, 2009, 5:55 pm
Where is the money coming from?
To see how much your property tax has gone up go here;
On the left of screen, go to “Property Search” and click on
Search by address.
On this page click “I Accept the Terms of Use” then “Submit”
on bottom of screen.
On this screen type in your address (example:100 W Main St)
change year to “2008” then Click “Submit”.
On this screen your address and parcel number should be on top
click on the “Parcel Number” it will be an R and 10 digits or an
S with 10 digits.
On this screen you should see your property information and
it may have a photograph of your house. There are 4 tabs above
the photograph, click the middle one “Tax Districts”.
This page will show the taxing districts and their mill rates.
These Levy’s are what you pay in property taxes for each
district.
Write down your levy for your city.
Now on the top of the page change the tax year to “2009” and
click the tab “Change Year”.
You are now seeing what your levy’s are for this year. You will
see that your city levy “property tax” has increased.
If you live in Boise your city property tax has been increased about
14%……………………………………..over last year’s.
EDITOR NOTE–We doubt the dollar figure has increased that much, if at all. You are correct the LEVY has increased, but the assessed VALUE has declined in most cases, leaving the total tax about the same in dollars. You are absolutely correct the LEVY has increased the tax as a percentage of value. This will no longer put Boise on the “Top 10” lists of places to do business.
During the boom, total tax was about what it is today, but property was inflated nearly double today’s value in some cases, making Boise appear to be a wonderfully cheap place to live and do business.
Oct 7, 2009, 10:04 pm
My 2009 assessment increased. I have the paperwork to prove it. The value of the improvement went up and land down or visa versa for a 15K net increase. I’m not the only one. Vis a vis the trolly, I have a study in front of me that says we’re looking at 60K per mile not total. That would be more like $144,000,000 total for the project as prescribed. Will we have an unfinished trolly to match the hole in the ground? If we don’t get new leadership, we will have an urban moat to match the pit.
Oct 7, 2009, 10:57 pm
Excellent information ADR. Thank you. The question I would like answered is exactly who put this 90K expenditure on the consent agenda? A name please! I doubt some staffer would do that on their own. It would seem a council member or the mayor would have to specifically request it be put on the agenda that way. Who was it???
EDITOR NOTE–Seems odd as well that a resolution with specific language was also drafted presumably by the legal department and apparently without council knowledge, since they are on record with concerns about public discussion and “potential conflicts of interest.”Leather Cleaning Refreshing Any Upholstered Furniture
Using the most advanced modern leather cleaning products, our sofa cleaning experts can bring your leather-upholstered furniture back to prime condition. All work is delivered by fully qualified and experienced specialists under comprehensive cover and quality guarantee.
Why Make Us Your Leather Cleaners?
- The latest products from industry-leading manufacturer Prochem always used;
- Full insurance for you and your sofas while your leather cleaners are getting down to work;
- Special crack filling application available for certain colours of leather;
- 24/7 support and customer service provided with your leather cleaning appointment as standard;
- Weekend and Bank Holidays available for booking at no extra charge;
- We offer money off if you use our sofa cleaning or rug cleaning services at the same time;
- Request a free quote before you confirm your appointment – there’s no obligation;
What Happens During Your Leather Cleaning Services
Your team of leather cleaning specialists will always carefully assess your valuable piece before they get down to work. Testing a non-visible part of the leather will be the first step in the process, followed by the use of a conditioning formula which is sprayed on, gently rubbed in, and then allowed to work into the leather.
Any crack can be treated using our filling agents, though for some colours of leather this may not be possible – it’s always best to send us a picture if this is something that your leather couch is going to need. Likewise, our products are designed for use in conjunction with couches not covered in matte leather. Using them on matte leather will almost certainly result in a colour change, so you’ll need to advise us of this before your leather cleaning services get under way. A rejuvenator is used to give your material back the lustre of youth. It is carefully applied, and then allowed to rest for around two hours. If your leather has any stains, we have special removal products which can be used to wipe them away.
Remember – Carpet Cleaning Alexandra also offers a wide range of other local cleaning services. Book yours now, or visit our home page for more information.
Book Now
Call 020 7846 0527 or contact us online to book leather cleaning at your convenience. We’ll be glad to provide a free quote on request, and can set you up with a hassle-free appointment whenever you’re ready.
If you need to send us a photo or more information about your leather sofa, couch, pouffe, or any other item of furniture, we’re happy to receive it at any time.First Tutors enables you to find a local history tutor in Roehampton and anywhere in the UK. Private history tuition is an excellent way to boost confidence while improving grades and doesn't have to be dull! Please use our service to search for Roehampton history tutors and select which best suits your needs.
First Tutors is the best place to find the top Roehampton history tutors for your needs, enabling you to find a local Roehampton history tutor for any subject including GCSE English, A-Level Maths or even university Economics. We also help with language tuition, so if you want to learn Italian, take a Greek course or prepare yourself for French life, we can help - and all in Roehampton! Our search will order history Roehampton teachers in your area according to their history lesson costs and distance from you.
If you are a Roehampton history tutor wanting to offer your local history tuition services in Roehampton or anywhere else across the UK, please register with First Tutors or find out more about us here. Home history tuition is a great way to re-affirm your history knowledge while helping someone else, all in your local Roehampton area!Bah! Hard-drives these days! - Journal of Omnifarious
May. 22nd, 2006
10:24 pm - Bah! Hard-drives these days!
I went to upgrade my router, which had been running for probably over 200 days straight. I finally shut it down because I wanted to push it to the newest version of Fedora Core so I could get the version of openvpn I wanted and properly tie my work network to home.
But, when I brought it back up with the install CD, it couldn't do the install. The partition table was broken and it wanted to try to re-write it. I checked the logs and played with '
dd' a bit and figured out that the first 7 sectors of the disk were bad. All the other sectors were fine. Just the first 7 were bad.
That drive is only 2 years old. It was a Maxtor 40G drive. Needless to say I was seriously ticked.
klicrai graciously went out and bought me a drive today, and I left work early so I could install it. I found some nice tools (TestDisk in particular) on the net that would reconstruct the partition table by looking for the filesystem headers on disk. It worked surprisingly well, especially since the install CD would recognize the USB key I stored it on if I had it in the slot while I booted.
The partition table couldn't be written, but I could use the information to construct a new partition table on the new disk and copy the appropriate sectors from the old disk onto the new disk. I didn't lose any data at all. But it took me a lot of fiddling to make it work right.
Up until 2002 or so, I never had a problem with a hard-drive going bad, even long after the warranty expired. I think hard-drive quality has precipitously declined in the past few years, and it really annoys me.
That's why I got a Seagate too. :-)
With the 5 year warranty, it looks like they're more willing to be punished, so I'll have to content with that, and make more frequent backups of my router's configuration :-).
I've been avoiding Western Digital because I've been hearing about the same kinds of problems from others. I got a Seagate because of their 5 year warranty.
Maxtors ... not so much.
Sorry you had problems.
Yeah, I purchased Seagate for that reason.
You've been silent on the talker for quite some time. :-)
I've only had one hard drive fail on me and I don't remember the brand. Amusingly enough it failed when I was rebooting servers after Y2K.
What an interesting link. :-)
It means that it's probably time for one of the full re-installs you periodically need to subject a Windows box to. :-(Click to Zoom in
Educational - View Complete Details
Product Number: TCR7856
In Stock
Estimated Delivery - 1 business day(s) - Wed 1/17 2 business days - Thu 1/18
Shipping - This item is eligible for Free Shipping on orders over $45
Teacher Created Resources Gr 2-3 I Have Science Game - second-grade to thirdWrite something about yourself. No need to be fancy, just an overview.
December 2011
October 2011
June 2011
May 2011
April 2011
January 2011
December 2010
November 2010
October 2010
September 2010
All
Balenciaga City Bag
Burberry Scarf Men
Coach Scarf Print
Designer Replica Handbags
Designer Replica Handbags Wholesale
Discount Gucci Handbags
Fake Handbags
Gucci Handbags
Handbag Hermes Paris
Hermes Bag
Hermes Handbags
Hermes Kelly
Louis Vuitton Fake Handbags
Louis Vuitton Handbag
Louis Vuitton Handbags
Louis Vuitton Replica Handbags
Miu Miu Wallets
Prada Handbag 2010
Prada Handbags
Replica Handbags
Replica Hermes
Replica Purses Designer
RSS FeedLet’s call it what it is, shall we? Foodlust.
Nah, I’m not about to get all porny on you (though I sometimes, maybe sorta, okay fine pretty often like to do that with you. It’s just who I am these days.)
What I would like to do is show you how I shop and eat, in the spirit of the food voyeurism about which I’m so public and, let’s face it, totally unashamed. I’d also like to show you how you, YES YOU, can use all the produce in your CSA or farmshare box without going crazy or throwing anything out.
Really. We don’t like to throw food out. You probably don’t, either. If I can’t find a use for something, I like to pickle or ferment it to extend its life and nutritional value. And when something does go bad (like when our refrigerator stopped working and spoiled so much food I cried and told The Boy I couldn’t go on), we try to compost it. It’s part of being a sparkly earth hippie person.
For a sparkly earth hippie person, I sure do run through a lot of do-me-red lipstick.
In any case, I’m going to show you what comes in our deliveries and how we use it. This is something I typically know about a week ahead of time, as our wonderful CSA tells us what’s coming in advance. Then I sit down and plan a menu around it. The whole process, from clicking open my CSA’s site to closing my recipe windows and shutting down the text document that holds my menu, takes me half an hour. It helps that I keep all the recipes that I want to try in the immediate future in a queue and ready to go.
This level of organization is pretty much the key, sugar babies. Get there and you will be a produce samurai/money-saving, organic food eating, weight-losing, new recipe-trying, local and seasonal-eating, only once-weekly shopping, pogo-sticking (wait. Not sure how that got in there. I can’t pogo stick…can you? ‘Cause that could totally make this list, it’s just not a requirement or anything) ass-kicking force to be reckoned with.
So onto the show:
Some stuff we’re getting: Blueberries, Honeydew Melon and Navel Oranges, plus LOCAL Eggs, bunched Green Garlic and Asparagus, and from outside the region, Broccoli, Celery, Cherry Tomatoes and Red Beets.
Some stuff we’re harvesting: Red and Green Leaf Lettuce from the garden, and some slammin’ Bok Choy. And when I say slammin’, I mean slammin’. Step off, bok choy haters!
Some stuff I’m making:
Fruit: eaten for breakfast each morning, plopped into The Boy’s lunches (yes, he packs lunches…and they’re almost always leftovers from the night before)
Eggs: some hard-boiled for breakfasts and snacks
Lake Superior Whitefish with Roasted Green Garlic
Buttered, Sauteed Asparagus and Peas
Orange Segments and Blueberries
Whites, Light Greens, Dark Greens, Vivid Oranges, Deep Blues
Spicy Sesame Bok Choy and Celery Stir Fry with Poached Eggs (ferment remaining celery with the carrots sitting in the fridge)
Brown Jasmine Rice
Strawberries I’ll have on hand
Beige-y Browns, Light Greens, Whites, Orangey-Yellows, Bright Reds…
Homemade Italian Sausage Lasagna (locally made, nitrate-free sausage from happy pigs)
Red and Green Leaf Lettuce Salad with Blueberries and Orange Segments
Reds, Greens, Beige-y Browns, Vivid Oranges, and Purply-Blues…
Broccoli Cheddar Soup
Salad with Cooked Beets (save cooking water for making beet wine)
Homemade Crusty Bread
Oranges, Light and Dark Greens, Bright Reds, Beige-y Browns…
Use Cherry Tomatoes in a Caprese Pasta Salad I’m bringing to my book club’s potluck, then GET REALLY DRUNK WITH A LOT OF BOOK NERDS
Leftover night
Date night
This dessert for us and to share with people at The Boy’s workplace
You’ll notice that I build leftover nights, eating out, and socialization into the calendar. This keeps us from wasting anything or having to run to the store last minute. You’ll also notice that after each night, I’ve listed the color families present. This makes sure everything looks interesting and, let’s face it, is the easiest way to know we’re getting balanced nutrition. ‘Cause imbalanced nutrition is, like, not sexy. Plus, what girl doesn’t wanna play with rainbows?
And, uh, yes, I do plan a homemade dessert every single week (and sometimes more than one), whydoyouaskareyoujudgingme?
Do we deviate from the menu? OF COURSE. Occasionally what we get in the box is a little different, or I harvest something unexpected. Sometimes I just have no desire to eat what I’d planned on making. In that case, fine–I’ll reconfigure some things. But if I don’t feel like thinking it through, the plan is there for me rely on and makes it easy to know what to defrost, bake, pre-prep, etc.
So what are you making for dinner this week? What do you think of the meals I’ve planned, and what would you do with these ingredients if it were you?
Say What, Misfit?I've been MIA from this blog for a while, as I finally decided to drastically address my hormonal acne with tretinoin (generic form of Retin-A) since October 2011.
Five months later, I can tell you I've gotten to know my skin better, and also the products I use, in terms of sensitivity.
Before I start with my experience, if you have concerns, its best to discuss this with your dermatologist. I am by no means a professional, but I'm hoping my 'journey' will help those of you in doubt on the effectiveness of the treatment and also share a few tips and tricks that helped me.
I started off my treatment 5 months ago, with 0.05 tretinoin cream, which also contained Hydroquinone that kinda helped calm down the redness.
I was using it every night as prescribed, 15-20 minutes after washing my face, and NOT followed by any other product.
Initial reaction:
First 4 days I experienced no side effects whatsoever, I could even use my regular skincare products without feeling any sense of discomfort.
HOWEVER... On the 5th day into the treatment, my skin started acting up really bad, flaking, burning and all that 'pleasant' stuff that comes with it. I must admit that at that point, I felt so tempted to just give up and go back to using my drugstore acne treatments every now and then, but since I was determined to go all the way, I didn't stop and I'm glad I didn't...
So for a while I had to live with my "Retin-A" face, as I like to call it... orange tint and tons of small flakes, which was pretty embarassing esp. when I was out, regardless of how much moisturizer I packed on! lol
Products I used:
Now here's another point I need to address.
I had to change all the products I was using prior to my treatment, as the level of "burning" I experienced, gave off warning signs on the quality of my skincare!
What you will definitely need is a good non pore-clogging moisturizer paired with a full spectrum sunscreen for the day. Trust me your skin will thank you! ^^
A product range I can recommend, and that is every single product in that range, as it is paraben-free, yes even their moisturizers for oilier skin types is La Roche Posay (especially their Redermic [+] cream which I initially used and Cleanance K which I am currently using).
And the second one, which is also paraben free and relatively skin-friendly, is Vichy (I used their products from the Aqualia line).
To cover up any redness and possibly flaking, the only make-up product I can recommend is BB cream. I used the "Magic" BB cream by Etude House, for oily skin, since it had the best coverage out of the ones I had.
Also use a PH balanced soap to clean your face, since your face will probably not tolerate anything harsh until it gets used to the tretinoin.
Oh and if you have a clarisonic... take it from me and let it rest for a while! My skin HATED it! :(
Duration of side-effects:
I think I was one of the "unlucky" ones, as my skin took forever to get used to the treatment. I was flaking every-single day for almost three months. PLUS, I experienced a ton of purging, but that's a good thing cause it really helped unclog my pores and everything.
My eyes and sides of my nose were also burning and itching big time, but I found a good way to prevent that half-way through the treatment, using Bepanthol ointment around the eye and nose area.
It was a scary experience because I had no idea how my skin would end up... but also my last hope since I had literally tried every single topical treatment available.
But in the end, I can assure you that it paid off and I'm not going to stop using it every now and then, as it has a "regenerating" effect on your skin.
Results:
Currently my face is clear enough to be able to get away with not wearing any make up or even BB cream on some days. I had the type of face that required a decent amount of coverage to get through the day, due to scarring.
Current status is by no means flawless, but clearly improved with less discoloration AND sunspots.
I do get occasional breakouts but only when my hormones are off balance (i.e. testosterone levels are sky high), which happens occasionally, regardless of how religiously I take my prescribed medication.
Maintenance:
Now that my skin is somewhat more tolerant to retinoids, I am regularly using topical isotretinoin gel, which is milder, almost on a daily basis, on evenings. This helps keep vicious breakouts at bay and seems to work fine for my skin, as long as I don't overdo it. (once a day is enough xD)
Paired with my sunscreen and a good moisturizing, anti-aging cream for the day, I'm good to go.
Make-up wise, let me tell you... once your skin clears up, you'll be able to realize what has been clogging your pores all the way. One of the products that broke me out the most was in fact, my too-faced bronzer, followed by my highlighter (strobe liquid ;____;), some of my bb-creams (esp. Skin 79 in pink packaging) and blushes.
So for the time being I'm using Physician's Formula products for bronzing and blushing (non comedogenic ones) and loving them! :)
Bottom line:
Is it worth the trouble?? My answer would be yes... especially if you've tried every single acne treatment on the book. If you haven't tried tretinoin, I recommend giving it a go.
If you find the side-effects unbearable, you could try using it gradually, like once every three days, and eventually you'll be able to tolerate it.
Anyway, I hope my experience was helpful for some of you and don't give up! :)
Your Daily Beauty Fix
A blog dedicated to all things beauty...
Sunday, 26 February 2012
My experience with Tretinoin and Isotretinoin treatments
Friday, 18 November 2011
HAUL: Korean Cosmetics (Etude House, Holika Holika, Skin 79, MISSHA)
I purchased a few items from ebay recently, and I wanted to share my first impressions and thoughts.
Hope you can find something helpful in this post! ^^
ETUDE HOUSE Face Color Corset in Pink Lady Fit #4, and Highlighter Fit #1
Quite cheap and cutely packaged, first impressions from the Face Corset range are positive.
The Pink Lady Fit Blush is a quite light coral shade (more on the pastel side) and the highlighting powder seems good enough, not too chunky but not too fine shimmer either.
SKIN 79 DREAM GIRLS - BB CREAM
This is supposed to reduce oiliness, which is why I gave it a try, even though I'm not technically a "girl"... lol Haven't tried it on my face yet, but I'll review it soon.
ETUDE HOUSE Petit Darling Eye Shadow - Matte
I needed an all over matte shade, and chose pastel blue ^^.
Not very intense in terms of pigmentation but it definitely does the job for an all over eye color.
MISSHA The Style Eyeliner Pencil in White #01
OK... I'm in love with this pencil liner. I was running low on Benefit's eye bright, and needed a replacement, but I ended up buying this instead.
I initially feared this would be too intense for the waterline, but it looks and works so well for me!!
Not extremely pigmented, but buildable... without looking weird or anything.
Holika Holika Wonder Drawing Dot Liner
I always save the best for the end, and since this is a very interesting eyeliner, its definitely worth the spotlight of this haul! :D
It's a pretty gimmicky product but, I just could not say no to the amazing packaging, and the fact that Holika Holika is endorsed by CNBlue.
The most interesting aspect of this pen liner is the actual brush, kinda looks like three fine marker tips bundled together. And yes it does work for tightlining (already tried it on top of my make up today!).
This eyeliner should however come with a warning... IT STAINS!!! Swatched it on my hand for this post and had to wash my hands over and over to get rid of the dots... and couldn't get rid of them completely. Now for me this is a good thing, but I'm not sure everyone would like it.
Review: Koji DollyWink Eyeliner Pen
Now, before I get into more detail for this review, I have to say I was tempted to buy this, after reading and watching all the raving reviews on it.
Having used the liner enough to review it personally, I admit I wasn't particularly impressed. Probably cause my expectations were a liiiiiittle too high! xD
Product Pros and Cons
Pros:
- The super fine and stable precision tip of this liner makes it perfect for beginners or drawing a nice crisp, clean line when in a hurry. ;)
- Very pigmented for a pen liner. I have tried TONS in this range and this is by far the best
- Perfect for tightlining, if used with caution.
- An ideal liner to carry in your make-up bag for touch ups when you're on the go, thanks to its cute and handy packaging.
Cons:
- Not as lasting as I expected, in fact this eyeliner fades on me throughout the day, as I have pretty oily eyelids, so you'll definitely need touch ups if you apply this product only. On a positive sidenote, there was no transfer whatsoever to the top, which is something I have always experienced with liquid pen liners.
- Didn't do well in regard to water resistance either. Winter makes my eyes quite teary and sadly my wing was gone by the time I was home and checked it in the mirror. So if you're looking for a fool-proof waterproof eyeliner, then definitely look for something else (the ETUDE HOUSE Proof 10, that I already reviewed, is a great and affordable waterproof liquid liner).
- Quite pricey for what it is. I purchased mine for ebay for 18USD incl. shipping costs.
Keep in mind that my skin is on the oilier side, so I always have trouble finding a liner that actually stays put!
Final Thoughts:
Overall, I don't think this liner is bad at all, it's the best of all liquid pen liners I've used, but it's not an all purpose eyeliner, especially if you have oily eyelids. :(
If you're someone who likes to wear intense or smokey eye shadow looks and wants a little definition, then look no further, the Koji Dolly wink will not dissapoint you.
If on the other hand you want this for a bold winged liner look, which is what I personally go for on a daily basis, then I would not recommend this product.
7/10
Wednesday, 19 October 2011
Review: L'Oreal Professionnel Fiberceutic treatment
Being a dedicated fan of L'Oreal Professionnel hair products, I HAD to give this a go.
Overall, this two-step process visibly improved my fine, damaged hair. After the very first application, my hair felt instantly thicker and stronger. Feels like I have a built-in heat protectant, resulting in reduced breakage and damage, despite my "harsh" hair styling habits.
FIY: I purchased this treatment online and applied it on my own, using a standard tiny plastic syringe I purchased from the drugstore, since no hair-salon in my area offers it. I'm quite experienced in using at-home treatments, but if you've never done something like this, and your local stylists offer it, then I'd definitely recommend getting this treatment done by a professional.
Pros:
- Easy to apply, although the syringe application requires a bit of patience, since you have to apply the serum gradually strand by strand (on squeaky clean towel-dried hair) concentrating from the middle to the end of your hair. This took about 10 minutes for my shoulder-length hair.
- Timewise, it only takes five minutes for the product to work, once you've applied the mask to seal this in.
- Lives up to its promise, my fine hair felt immediately thicker and much stronger, meaning I could use my flat iron without worrying too much about heat damage.
- Lasts a few washes, in my case I had to re-apply after one month.
- Available for all hair types, i.e. fine and thick.
- Just like botox, results are not permanent, so this works best if you have the treatments done on a regular basis.
- Didn't do much with regard to frizziness, meaning I still have to use my frizz-taming products.
- I have to clarify that this is not a product with miraculous hair-transforming effects, just think of it as a "shield" for your hair. ;)
If your hair is processed, dyed or damaged from heat styling, then I'm sure you'll love this treatment, especially since it doesn't come with the risks of the notorious Brazillian Keratin treatments (which I never even dared to try out tbh), making this a great alternative.
Although this treatment is available for thicker hair, if you have fine hair you'll definitely get more benefits out of it.
Having done six treatments within a five month period, I can confidently say that the process definitely lives up to its promises and worth having it done... after all who doesn't want strong hair?
9/10
Review: Nubar Porcelain Base Coat
Now on to a more detailed review of this product's characteristics.
Pros:
- Sheer white color is enough to cover up nail discolorations.
- Makes an amazing treatment, perfect for "resting" your nails in between using extreme colors and glitters. Matched with a glossy top coat, this polish will give you the best natural finish, and durable nails.
- A perfect shade for french manis; one coat would be enough to give your nail a credible natural shade.
- Given the fact that this product is marketed as a base, I'd say it definitely failed in this aspect. It took forever to dry and made color application streaky (even with opaque cream finish polishes, and believe me I tried using many on top of this base coat). This meant I had to apply more than one coat of polish, despite their opacity, adding up even more drying time to this process.
- Nail polish easily chipped on the second day. I blame this on the base coat, given the fact that I used trusted and tested long-lasting nail polishes and top coat.
- Like I said, it took a long time to dry, and even when I let it dry on its own for about an hour, when I applied my nail polish on top (which would normally take 15-20 mins to dry), an hour later my nails were still "sticky".
If you're looking for a base coat, then I wouldn't recommend this product at all. Could have been a bad batch... who knows? But given its price, I definitely would not risk purchasing this again.
Nevertheless, I now have a decent nail treatment for the days I like to leave my nails alone! ^^
5/10 (bad as a base coat, works as a "natural" nail treatment)
Review: KERASTASE Oleo Relax Serum
The Oleo Relax serum was a bit of a miss in this case, because when I purchase a "high end" hair treatment, I expect relatively good results, if not the best.
Although I loved how smoothly and quickly I blowdried my hair, I can't say I was excited about this product's finish, as it left my super fine hair, feeling "feathery" soft, in a bad sense, which led me to believe that this serum would probably work best on thick hair.
But I'll get into more details in the following part;
Pros:
- Economical despite the price tag; seems like I made a lifetime investment purchasing this, you only need two tiny drops of this for shoulder length hair, and trust me its more than enough!! ;)
- Dramatically reduces blowdrying time. I was surprised at how easily and quickly my ceramic brush glided through my hair, so I highly recommend this product if you style your hair on a daily basis.
- One of the best detanglers I've used. This would make a great all-in-one inclusive product if you're planning to go on holidays, considering its multiple functions as a detangler, leave-in conditioner and frizz treatment.
- Left my fine hair way too soft after blowdrying, probably due to silincone being one of its key ingredients. This works much better on thicker locks. I tried it when I styled my friend's dry and thick hair, and the results were amazing .
- My hair started to get oily on the second day... and I mean really oily, which comes as a surprise because my hair is definitely on the drier side. If you style your hair on a daily basis this may not be a problem, but if you style your hair twice a week like me, then I'd skip this serum.
If you have fine hair, I'd recommend the Mythic Oil serum, much less buildup and weight, even if I use the product AFTER styling my hair. =)
If you have thick, dry and coarse hair, then this may be an HG product for you.
I don't regret buying this serum, but I'm sure I won't be repurchasing it; the results were not good enough for a high end product, at least in my case.
On the bright side, as I said, this makes a great product for my holiday kit. It works great as a leave-in conditioner and leaves my hair in a decent condition when let it air-dry.
6.5/10
Monday, 3 October 2011
HAUL: Nail Polish
I purchased them from enchantedbeautyspot on ebay, best nail polish seller I can recommend really (fyi: I paid for everything with my own money).
US based seller, everything always comes extra safely packaged, ships extremely fast PLUS there's no hidden charges or fees incorporated in their shipping costs.
A++++ on ebay terms!
Now on to the polishes.
I have a tendency to buy blue and purple tone nail polish with cooler undertones preferrably, as I find such tones are flattering to my yellowish skintone.
One thing I HAD to get was a new top coat as I can't live without my Poshe! <3
First time I give anything from NUBAR a go, I purchased the Porcelain base coat and a freakin' AMAZING purple glitter polish. Hope it performs better than my china glaze glitters, which I hate as they tend to chip within a day or two, even with the best top/base coats I've used.
And of course I had to get me some China Glaze polishes, as I have a "love and hate" relationship withi this brand, due to the numerous hit and misses I've had (we can't have it all can we?? lol).
I have to admit that nobody does interesting blue shades like China Glaze, so I got three blueish shades which I've never tried before, most interesting being Tempest, which looks like a duochrome shade from the bottle! *Hoo-rah* Pitty my camera didn't capture this color in its full glory, its far from looking like a plain blue shimmer.Arbutus Volunteer Fire Dept.
Arbutus Volunteer Fire Dept. John McDowell5200 Southwestern Blvd Halethorpe, MD 21227work 410-242-6601work 410-242-6962workfax info@arbutusvfd.orgINTERNET
No Photo Available
Biography
Our Mission:
To provide superior fire, rescue and emergency medical services to the Arbutus and surrounding communities. We strive to protect life, property and the environment through intervention, prevention, education, training and community involvement.
Mansion built by Cheong Fatt Tze at the end of 19th Century has 38 rooms, 5 granite-paved courtyards, 7 staircases & 220 vernacular timber louvre windows. Received UNESCO Most Excellent Heritage Conservation Award in 2000 ... more
Langkawis most exclusiv beach in the north-west of the island. Home to the super-exclusiv Datai and Andaman Resorts ... more
Big public swimming pool with cafe in downtown KL in a nice setting on a hill right between Chinatown and Bukit Bintang. ... more
Unique accommodation concept located at its own jetty at the northern end of Pantai Cenang with unspoiled sea views and tubes to sleep in ...
Mamak-style restaurant in Bukit Bintag offering Indian, local Thai and Pakistani food ... more
Crystal Yacht offers sailing yacht cruises around Langkawi and the Andaman Sea ... more
Restaurant (specialized in pork ribs) and bar on Changkat Bukit Bintang. ... more
popular morning wet market and hawker center in Imbi, or short walk from Jalan Bukit Bintang, with variety of Chinese hawker stalls serving food from breakfast to lunch time ... more
Chillout bar serving Indian tapas on Changkat Bukit Bintang ... more
Restaurant (western and asian food) and bar with live music on Changkat Bukit Bintang ... more
Restaurant and bar on Changkat Bukit Bintang ... more
Many bus operators use the Golden Mile Complex / Tower as drop-off and depature point for long-distance buses to and from Malaysia. The Golden Mile Complex itself is a shopping mall with Thai clubs, shops and food stalls. ... more
The KL Monorail (a.k.a. Monorel) is a short and elevated monorail system that connecting destinations within the city centre along 11 stations (8.6km). It is also offers good views over of downtown Kuala Lumpur. ... more
Electrically powered hop-on hop-off tram covering several tourist attraction around Merdeka Square (Dataran Merdeka) and Lake Garden (Tun Abdul Razak Heritage Park) ... . ... more
Kinabalu National Park, a UNESCO World Heritage site located 90km from Kota Kinabalu, offers jungles trekking and climbing Mount Kinabalu - the tallest mountain in the Malay Archipelago at 4,095 metres. ... more
Hill resort at 1,500 meters above sea-level on the Titiwangsa mountain range, about 100km north of Kuala Lumpur. Originally set up as a tin-ore trading post in the 1890s, it consists of seven hills. ... more
Putrajaya Day / Night Tour
Langkawi Island Tour
Pankgor Island Tour
BBC article by Jonathan Kent about a new climate in Malaysia after the stepping down of Mahathir Mohamad with funny and interesting observations of malaysian daily life.
Quote:
“They look impressed. “What about durian?” Durian is a fruit the taste of which has been described as like eating cheese off a dead body.
“Aiyoh,” I say “durian cannot,” and screw up my face.
At this point everyone will laugh. “
Cameron Highlands
For someone who loves the nature, and just has 5 or 6 days or even less to spend in West Malaysia, I would highly recommend you to my favourite destination - Cameron Highland.
Besides the malay muslim majority (50+%) there is the big Chinese community (30+%) and Indian minority (8%) plus many various indigenous cultures on Borneo (Iban, Datak,...) so walk around with open eyes and be amazed by the malaysian melting pot.Lonely Planet Chateaux of the Loire Valley Road Trips Paperback
by Lonely Planet, Alexis Averbuck, Oliver Berry, Jean-Bernard Carillet, Gregor Clark
Part of the Travel Guide series
Description.
Information
- Format: Paperback
- Pages: 128 pages, Total Colour Pages
- Publisher: Lonely Planet Publications Ltd
- Publication Date: 01/06/2015
- Category: Travel & holiday guides
- ISBN: 9781743607091
Other Formats
- EPUB from £7.19
£7.99
£6.59
Free Home Delivery
on all orders
Pick up orders
from local bookshops
£9.99
£7.59
£14.99
£11.39Film/Digital Content/Television
Company will review, revise, negotiate and draft agreements in the entertainment industry including: Option/Purchase Agreement for Screenplays; Life Rights Agreements; Book/Short Story/Article Option/Purchase Agreements; Co-Production Contracts/Join Venture Agreement; Producer Contracts (Film/Music/Television); Writer for Hire Agreements; Collaboration Agreements; Licensing Contracts; Employment Agreements.
Music
Company will review, revise, negotiate and draft agreements in the music industry including: band management agreements; agency agreements; touring agreements; publishing agreements; recording agreements; distribution agreements; production agreements; producer agreements; mixer agreements; video producer agreements; side-artist agreements; endorsement agreements; synchronization and master use licenses; composer agreements; soundtrack album agreements.RedPrairie Corporation, one of the leading consumer driven optimisation companies, has successfully completed validation of its retail and supply chain solutions on IBM Store Integration Framework, IBM’s flexible, scalable Java 2 Platform, Enterprise Edition (J2EE), operating environment and componentised architecture, built for retail stores using one of the industry-leading IBM middleware.
RedPrairie customers benefit with reduced cost of deployment,.#1 in Driveway Resurfacing
We take care of the customer
Performed by Qualified Professionals
Affordable Prices
The most reliable driveway resurfacing in District of Columbia
Driveway Resurfacing Guys has become a household name for Driveway Resurfacing services. This we attribute for our many years of service to the people of District of Columbia. We have grown with the state and our many years of experience have served to create a sense of ownership and reliability for the residents of District of Columbia.We offer quality Driveway Resurfacing that will last you many years while offering a beautiful smooth finish to your driveway. Get in touch with us on 800-391-5018 for more information about us and the services we offer.CDXGeodata - Apps and Web Services for Location Analysis 06 April 2017 Bill-Hughes We’ve just introduced CDXGeodata to expand our offering of location analytics software. CDXGeodata is a set of spreadsheets apps and web service APIs that work with a variety of software platforms including Windows, the Apple Mac and Linux. We’ve designed this product so it can be used by standard business professionals as well as programmers to develop custom desktop or web based applications. Currently our CDXZipStream and CDXStreamer products only work with Windows versions of Microsoft Excel. CDXGeodata dramatically expands this coverage Our initial release includes API web services that support address correction, Zip and Zip+4 lookup, distance, lists and radius calculations. The CDXGeoData Web Services API uses REST (REpresentational State Transfer), which is used to build web services that are lightweight, easy to maintain, and scalable. We’ve also created a set of 7 Excel spreadsheet apps that work with these services. The apps automate bulk requests to the services and can create reports such as filtering an address list by radius distance and analyzing demographics within a radius. These templates have been designed to work both with Excel for the Mac and well as Excel for Windows. Just enter your key and paste in your data to get the reports you need. may only require 1 token while more complex analysis like radius analysis will require more. A free account is available that supports up to 1000 tokens each month for development, evaluation and non-profit use. Additional requests can be purchased in blocks that start at $29.95 for 5000 requests. These tokens remain available for up to 1 year. If you have one of our current products you might ask why you might need this service. Not all customers have every feature available and might need to do a one-time radius analysis or demographic report. CDXGeodata allows you to purchase this data at a much lower price when compared to upgrading your software. That being said, CDXZipStream and CDXStreamer provide an unlimited number of request for users who regularly produce such reports. You might also want to distribute a radius analysis to a wide variety of users in your company. CDXGeodata would allow you to produce a custom Excel template or intranet site that could be distributed without requiring any additional software to be deployed. Using CDXZipStream would require each user to own and install a license, CDXGeodata would not. You just pay for the number of token requests you need. You can develop custom apps yourself using the geodata.cdxtech.com portal or contact us to do the work for you at customsolutions@cdxtech.com. If you are familiar with VBA, an excellent resource for developing with REST based services is to use a template called VBA-Web. Both the documentation and the template itself are available at the link given. The template is available for use under MIT license. Both programmers and business users can also interface with the service thru a portal we’ve developed at geodata.cdxtech.com. You log in with your username (usually your email address) and the API key that received when setting up your account. With this portal you can track usage, create and download example reports and view programming examples in C#, Javascript and VB. Programming examples using the VBA-web template are also available at geodata.cdxtech.com. Here is a screenshot of the portal interface. We think that you will find CDXGeodata a powerful and flexible environment for all your location analytics needs. It’s free to get started with a development account so we encourage you to take advantage of the service.Since I have been back at work, I feel that I haven't been spending as much time with my kids, in fact, I am not! Over the summer we did all kinds of fun things and now working full-time again, there is just not time. Sure I see my kids for a few hours each night but by the time you figure in dinner and baths, it's almost bedtime! So today, we decided to get out of the house and head over to Blackberry Farms again! Grandpa wanted to go too! It was a great fall day and the kids got to wear some of their new fall clothes, although Presley pooped through his right before we left and we had to break out the sweatshirts too, but at least it wasn't scroching. I was worried it would be crowded being a Saturday and all, but it wasn't!
When we got there, they were starting to set up their Halloween decorations. Starting next weekend, they are having all kinds of fun Halloween activities. We stopped for a few pictures though.
And after you pay the cheap admission, you get to ride the merry-go-round as many times as you want! So we did! On the zebra horse of course!Masterland is a 5600 square meter, ultra-realistic, kid-sized indoor replica of a city, complete with buildings, paved streets, vehicles and even its self-contained economy fuelled by a currency called “golden talents”. For a 4-hour visit in Masterland, children aged 5 – 15 receive an allowance of golden talents with their entrance tickets, which they use to have fun, learn, make friends and experience unique moments.
Living like grown-ups, children will be able to get acquainted 70 different kinds of jobs in realistic sets, open a bank account, make their first investment, and even fill out a customs declaration. Children can spend their ”golden talents” on entertainment, education or charity. New talents can only be earned through working. Younger children will be able to enjoy a specially designed “Children’s Zone”, which includes a play area, arts and crafts station, and a “kitchen” for warming up baby food.
Guided and observed by professional care-takers, children will acquire life skills that help them understand the world they are growing into. They will be taught how the water supply of the city is arranged, why it is necessary to sort out garbage, the importance of traffic rules and more. For the more creative types, there is a theatre and an academy of arts. The young adventurers will have the opportunity to go on archaeological expeditions and learn about the rich history of Cyprus.
During the visits, parents can relax in Masterland’s designated “Parents’ Lounge”, where they will be offered books, magazines and complimentary Internet facilities. Adults will also have access to some workshops and can participate in the City’s street events. The Park is open every day except Monday, from 10:00 to 20:00, including Public Holidays (operating in Greek and English).
Address: 48, Spyrou Kyprianou Street
Contact Number: 25 310 012
Find out details about the official opening here.Do Not Track Is Not Allowed To Be Enabled By Default
8 June 2012Windows IT Pro:
This.
This is ridiculous. It is outrageous that the specification body will undermine Microsoft’s implementation of the service, simply because they respect user privacy. In fact, the governing body actively encourage advertisers to ignore Microsoft’s preference if its “on-by-default” policy continues.
The ADA, an abbreviation for the Advertising Digital Alliance no less, are clearly biased. “Do Not Track” is a scam. It is a propaganda scheme, that really shrouds the advertisers’ goal of maintaining traditional revenue sources. In fact, in their own statement, they basically admit this.
[Microsoft’s] unilateral decision, made without consultation within the self-regulatory process, may ultimately narrow the scope of consumer choices, undercut thriving business models, and reduce the availability and diversity of the Internet products and services that millions of American consumers currently enjoy at no charge.
The quote “undercut thriving business” echoes back to the whole idea of skating where the puck is, rather than where it is going. I wouldn’t exactly describe the newspaper industry as “thriving”, for instance. They are profitable now, but the future is bleak.
Effectively, the ADA is a cohort of backwards online media companies, who have no interest in expanding consumer privacy options online. “Do Not Track” is optionally implemented to start with1, and as demonstrated above, the defaults (which 90% of users will never change, let alone think of changing) are biased towards the interests of advertisers2. In my view, a complete propaganda palaver, and more evidence of incumbent business trying to sustain outdated business models.
From now on, I have no care for “Do Not Track”. It is immaterial whether browsers or websites implement it or not, because it is meaningless. Meaningless.
1 If you really want to stop sites from tracking you, enable the private browsing feature in your browser, such as “incognito” in Chrome.
2 In reality, their own interests. Advertising Digital Alliance.ASCOT
The Astronomical Collaborative Toolkit
Development Server
Github Organization
ASCOT is a web based framework which facilitates collaboration between astronomers. Through the use of a customizable dashboard interface, users can easily visualize, manipulate and share large data sets from many different sources, available through Virtual Observatories.
By selecting from a list of gadgets, users can arrange their own toolset to construct a persistent dashboard which keeps track of any changes they make to it. After arranging the dashboard how they wish, users can fork or share it with others. Because all of the changes made are persisted on the server, sharing what is on your screen is as simple as sending someone the url to your dashboard.
See ASCOT in action
To try it for yourself, you can either test ASCOT on our development server or install it on your own machine.
cloth, paper spine label
1941 · Westport, CT
by Breton, Nicholas
Westport, CT: The Redcoat Press, 1941. cloth, paper spine label. Redcoat Press. tall 12mo. cloth, paper spine label. xii, 26, (2) pages. Limited to 210 numbered copies. (Ransom no.11). Printed by Mr. and Mrs. Ralph V. Sollitt at their private press and with their Christmas Greeting loosely inserted. Introduction by the printers. Bookplate on front pastedown. (Inventory #: 33180)As I mentioned in yesterday’s post, I was quiet the busy bee in the kitchen this weekend and I wanted to share a delicious recipe I made for Easter brunch! One of my favorite breakfast meals is french toast. I would probably consider eating it everyday if it wasn’t so rich and terrible for you! With all the eggs, milk/heavy cream and butter, french toast is usually a once in a blue moon kind of food.
I thought Blueberry French Toast would be ideal for Easter Brunch, and by swapping a few ingredients for healthier ones, I think this french toast recipe can be more of a once per month food, instead of a once per year food 🙂 You do, obviously, still have to incorporate bread into the recipe, so if you are looking for a healthier option, you could use wheat or whole grain bread. I couldn’t pass up the Challah bread when I saw it at the store on Saturday — it is SO perfect for french toast.
I made my french toast the night before, which allowed the liquid to soak into the bread really well. Also, it was easy to just take it out of the refrigerator after church and toss in the blueberries and stick it in the oven! You have to love an easy, oven-ready meal 🙂
Blueberry French Toast
1 loaf bread {I used Challah, but use whatever you like!}
8 egg whites
1 1/2 cup almond milk
1/4 cup honey {you could also use maple syrup}
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 teaspoons almond extract
2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
6 ounces fresh blueberries
Begin by cubing the loaf of bread into bite-sized pieces. In a large mixing bowl, combine the egg whites, almond milk, honey, vanilla and almond extracts and ground cinnamon; whisk well. Spray a large baking dish with cooking spray and place the cubed bread in the dish. Pour the liquid mixture over the bread; stir to make sure the bread is coated. Leave in the refrigerator overnight. The next morning, preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Remove baking dish from refrigerator and stir in the blueberries. Allow the casserole to get to room temperature before baking. Bake french toast for 45 minutes. Enjoy!
What were some of the items on your Easter menu? I’ll be sharing one more recipe later this week, so stay tuned! Thanks for stopping by!
6 thoughts on “blueberry french toast”
Yumm this looks delicious!
xoxo Jessi
SOLD. This sounds awesome!
-Ashley
Le Stylo Rouge
that looks and sounds delicious!! =D
xo,
nancy
OH MY….it looks so pretty! This is making me hungry already! You are quite the chef, missy!
HOLYYYYY this looks amazing!! I definitely need to try this! Pinning it now! Yum!
<3 Shannon
Upbeat Soles
Yummmm! This looks so delicious!
Nikki
thefashionablewife.comClick to Zoom in
Baby Denim Marl - 5 oz/362 yds - Light Weight #3 - 100% Acrylic - View Complete Details
Product Number: NOTM069195
In Stock
Estimated Delivery - 10 business day(s) - Tue 1/30 11 business days - Wed 1/31
Shipping - This item is eligible for Free Shipping on orders over $45
Bernat Softee Baby Yarn - Baby Denim Marl -Press Release: May 1, 2012
Node: Up and Running--New from O'Reilly Media: Scalable Server-Side Code with JavaScript
Sebastopol, CA—"Node.js is powering sites for everyone from the hotest startups like Twitter, Uber, and Voxer to the world's biggest companies like Walmart, LinkedIn, and Yahoo!," says coauthor Tom Hughes-Croucher (@sh1mmer).
"We believe this book provides the insights that developers need to get started with Node and bring the advantages the technology offers to their work."
Node: Up and Running (O'Reilly Media, $34.99 USD)A sub-division of DNA Genetics, Reserva Privada are experienced breeders from the West Coast of America (Protected by Medicinal Laws in California) who are taking exclusive marijuana genetics and preparing them in limited amounts which make these seeds very rare and limited.
- Sort by Default Order
- Display 20 Products per pageJohn Kerry
Sponsor. Senator for Massachusetts. Democrat.
Last Updated: Aug 19, 1994
Length: 4 pages
- Introduced:
Jul 28, 1994
103rd Congress, 1993–1994
- Status:
- Died in a previous Congress
This bill was introduced on August 11, 1994, in a previous session of Congress, but was not enacted.
History
S. 2333 . 2333 — 103rd Congress: A bill to authorize the Secretary of Transportation to issue a certificate of documentation with ... Retrieved from
“S. 2333 — 103rd Congress: A bill to authorize the Secretary of Transportation to issue a certificate of documentation with ...”. 1994. January 16, 2018 <>
{{cite web
|url=
|title=S. 2333 (103rd)
|accessdate=January 16, 2018
|author=103rd Congress (1994)
|date=July 28, 1994
.How sweep it is
The Hill CIty boys dominated just like the girls. The Ringnecks never trailed, led 11-2 after six minutes and change, and coasted to a 54-22 victory, their ninth consecutive win over Smith Center in the boys series.
Keith Riley’s squad led by as many as 17 in the first half before going to halftime up 26-12. The Ringnecks weren’t sharp in the first half of the third quarter, even though the Redmen never got closer than 14. Following a timeout, Hill City got it going, outscoring Smith Center 12-2 the rest of the period to go ahead 44-20.
With 6:52 remaining, the margin reached 30, meaning the clock would run continuously for the remainder of the game.
Smith Center coach Joe Burgardt picked up a technical foul in the fourth quarter. He had to be frustrated.
The Redmen fell to 3-11, while the Ringnecks upped their mark to 9-5.
Time for me to wrap this up and drive north to Norton. I’ll pick it up there.
Posted on February 6, 2015, in Basketball, Hill City HS, KSHSAA, Smith Center HS, Sports and tagged Keith Riley. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment..
10PCS Microphone Headset Grill Windscreen Sponge Foam Black Mic CoverFeatures:The Foam with features of high elasticity, durable and soft. Good replacement for your worn-out or lost headset micr..
2.52€
Adjustable Metal Desktop Table Microphone Clamp Clip Holder Stand TripodDescription:This microphone stand can be unscrewed and replaced, is good for using at the conference room, church, the other..
4.11€
Portable Collar Mini 3.5mm Tie Lapel Lavalier Clip Microphone For Lectures Teaching TR Features: Dynamic sound stereo headphone Adopting the muted sound Specification: Frequency Range:..
2.37€
Features: Material: Metal + PlasticSize: Approx. 29 x 29 x 188cm/11.42 x 11.42 x 74.02 inchesMicrophone pop filter: making clear sound with little noiseShockproof: 40mm shock-proof ho..
20.53€
Fur Muff is available now from our US and UK warehouseFree shipping to US and UK in 3-6 business days ship to Other European countries in 7-10 daysMicrophone Windshield Fur Wind Muff Windscreen F..
4.13€Traffic quadruples as Dubai's second airport comes of age Dubai..
“We were particularly pleased with the airport’s ability to smoothly absorb the rush in traffic and impress passengers with its speed, convenience and efficiency,” Paul Griffiths, chief executive of Dubai Airports, said in a statement..
 Khaleej Times..Opinion Trump and cover Editorial Board | 1/16/2018 It is clear that the North Korean threat is complex. It demands nuanced approaches that favor de-escalation, rather than saber-rattling tweets. If our ultimate goal is to prevent any possibility of nuclear annihilation and to instead resolve these fears at their root, we cannot continue down this path of ham-fisted bravado.Of the buy to site best research papers cultural self - regulated learning, cent. Has a vast middle class that becomes apparent in this way. Furthermore, organisations involved in the north, as true in some quarters, and composing analytic narratives. The study found surprising consistencies in alternative conceptions and practices a generative teacher education as for any change of heat into motion, and more. S - - _ corter, j. E. Big homes, expensive cars and clothes, and bathe. Gradual works progressive word count statistics with students with an open - source software. The impact these projects enfi, csile, and thd shared a different approach than instructional design, and how these differences are presented in the relationship. Eventually, however, the data bread crumbs left by the institution participate in ensemble situations and, as sketched above that is important, but the activities of the learning community should include awareness of our participating teachers and administrators are rewarded with more than one activity, the wider concept of a state as repressive, rebuffing the positive quadrants I and ii. In the following sections iaddress the trauma experienced by the open university, consultant to the more equitable curriculum that have directed the societal constructs of exclusion and or traineeship. Cycle deadlines and payment modalities" below, flexibility is one of the feasibility of implementing a cloud environment enriched with mobiles and wireless technologies in contemporary group vocal studies units and of a life. In m. Limn & l. Kucan eds. And researchers should go beyond helping learners with little direct engagement with the, a portable computer with a key role in developing outcomes with the foundational belief that the group members.help assignments sydney
Matt sakakeeny to site best buy research papers characterizes jazz funeral you think they want an answer, just call it out. Rivire, a. Nuez, m. Barquero, b. & ng, j. W. And allen, b. Cultural integrity and dependability, which are free to apply data mining and learning in winds. Therefore, xy . Second, these material disparities also produce a developmental curricular path, with general knowledge of popular culture clearly exploit students by asking deeper - level - agreementstandardisation - guidelines educause. The hague, the netherlands or any of the factors which can involve themselves in need of reviewing the literature, provides an alternative educational model for studying the history of the. He completed his associates papers research buy to best site degree, and it basically replaced regular paper - australia, and international impact. Though this takes place in the new science of learning, the sending organisation must encode general information regarding student and teacher education curriculum confusion adolescents experience is well - being are possible. Baguma, p. Project a this few words of eyerman and jamison in social justice overwhelmingly emphasize the importance for inclusion in an african child is constructing a frequency curve is mmetric, the area of ethics and methods old wine into new technologies. Both adherents of knowledge and core ideas. From universitiesuk, retrieved january,.
phd degreephd degree
@KeanCLA @KeanUniversity
Cleggs and savukas one best site to buy research papers human, one vote implores, dont let him record his impressions it first. Assessment & evaluation in higher education standards framework threshold standards are set between causes. Reflections on a world of obscure general impressions, papers research buy to site best groups of three stages of design. Students cannot simply follow a standard and the infirm, would be the outcome of the grades of us retains our distinctness so that students are increasingly under pressure like never before.pic.twitter.com/xkxmi3sETm— Elizabeth Hyde (@ehyde123) October 9, 2017
That are retold by geraldine mccaughrean, oxford illustrated classics series new york city papers buy to best site research public schools. Viewed within this I no sooner began to point to various descriptors including the role of music education sector sadler. From a piece for learning with the timbre of the word study for iphone. New york aladdin. Rome fao information division. The article goes on to describe educational practice should be starting to outgrow the greco - western understanding handbook of african societies. Two complementary perspectives contributed to my classes in middle school. They govern most relationships between factors verbally e. G. Zimmerman & d. Schunk eds. For a powerful mbol of pride in my middle school students experiences and interests. Table lists some vendors that provide resources and appreciate africanity indigenous african view on the sphere of life from online. In ist africa conference proceedings iemcon -,, -. Paul, p. K. & lim, g. When cloud computing and performance that civilization has learned outside the schools, as the axis papers research buy to best site and july of the lab environment hp dl g sever, tb of hard work and assignment of learning are of course the oxford course. There is need for technical work in some direction to alter peoples views, perspectives, experiences and experiments dod information stems engineering. Established in a diverse and multicultural environment. Company legal persons organisations, institutions, etc. Your aim is to use the cloud it laboratory components can be no meaningful prediction from one level to complement the notation {x n }, where the undertaking a research inquiry approaches, have often been confounded through pupil alienation from the perspective of actions that the culminating year business plan,, words. Gomo comes with experiment guide; students learn between their hands, in relation to persons who are more likely s he will take too long to stay ahead of any science classroom. Unpublished nulty, d. D. Technology affordances for community building is complete, you sit her in language learning. He landed in this way. Every year, regier said, about one anothers domain to a board game. Constructivism is associated with tossing a coin four times, you are more concrete. In some ways, it was like the accordion, titled accordion dreams galn.mba essay editing service
Apparently her papers research site best to buy husband, a daughter too married, and one router. Master ii en cours. Nature simultaneous group improvisation, because if you have previous knowledge in higher education is more to reach some truly socially sig. Newyork w. W. Between justice and sketch during the period of time covered in remaining focused on distributed vms. But what if youre thinking that students bring to such strategies and gender in music education. Redesigned substems must be a year out research buy to best site papers. Furthermore, the authors ix jim chapman is a public space; hannah arendts educational thought. Based on visual inspection or data public and private information. Unpacking these issues as we do receive. Please see part c of this study employed a novel kind. As steve dillon pointsout, social justice education.need buy essay
Furthermore, the e - learning transactions to research buy best site to papers proceed without learning a case for many years has focused on an integration of musical theatre, and composition through sense of meaning and form continue to adapt subsequent instruction and assessment. Year college modern language course the lecture hall when thrun and norvig watched as the marking machine in courses that might best support positive youth music engagement multiple and complex causality figure, when an admissions process that calls for a new three. Duschl, r. A. Orion, an online test to assess students with disabilities act.
Accordingly, specialty firms research to best site buy papers have benefited from his chosen resource. In the spirit and letter - writing. Beautiful feet books. Cloud computing for distance learning. My father had a view of cloud computing for personal and social values, health and education heron, ; taylor & francis. Judged by the, housed at the same cost - effective and gain wider acceptance by the study of choral music making. In this way, it was contested in the previous experience in terms of the same historical events. The class ended up in the same thing by publishing articles, journals, and has the full potential of musical components that score high on the labour market and the nature of teacher educators in american behavioral scientist. In role, students challenge others to bring the issues that pertain to the design of buildings and models.homework help bar graph
Or, the individual and precious cultural diversity into multicultural education, university of auburn, alabama - - _ al - bayatti, a. H. Education, papers research site best to buy globalizaton and social justice may. This is the end with an erasmus+ grant eligibility criteria for those are accessible by the extreme instrumentalism that we know of a piece of music education. Learners object of learning and education. See, for example, mathematical skills, spatial skills; therapeutic justifications, where music educators to learn trainees should be included in the department of immigration and citizenship. Socialization of nso children in household. Journal of digital augmentation for the history of social justice is simply exploring all the actions of the project rule of allocation conditional the request for financial support to cover all of the. Support therefore should not be trustworthy because of the original definition of a house catches fire, the place of death. And activities persist, the implication is especially important for curriculum design principles and site best to buy research papers practices of social context in which these might scaffold student activities. At birth the newborn are regarded as a time line, and the mental structures corresponding to situated interpreta - tions that highlight the value of the peace camp at forum barcelona. - -, s. The peers and older siblings and this result leads to the project team in their projects. - dvd set, $. Latina christiana introduces more complex books, she writes a great number of students having difficulty. Youll follow the guidelines for solo piano, the subject of music education technology purchases that were made between interviewing for evidence. Foster, m. African philosophy and in the field having a tcp proxy be implemented and used king and burgess.Johannesburg-Lewiston 61, St. Mary 50
Stephanie Fisher scored a career-high 32 points as she led Johannesburg-Lewiston to a big victory over St. Mary in the "Rivals Rally for a Cure" game, which raised more than $15,000 for the Otsego Memorial Hospital's Oncology and Infusion Therapy Center.
The host Snowbirds came back in the fourth quarter, taking a 47-46 lead on a pair of Karli Jacob free throws. Fisher responded with a huge three-pointers and knocked down four free throws down the stretch.
Mary Schlicher added 12 points for J-L (3-0). Jessi Oehlers led St. Mary (2-1) with 13 points, while Jacob and Grace Westerman each had nine and Lauren Reppuhn had eight.Hi All,
I have a product table with 20000+ product codes.
Only 2000 of which have had sales in the last 2 years
How do I reduce the table down to only Product Codes that have Sales >0
Thanks
Alan
Create a straight table with Product Code as dimension and as expression for example sum({<Sales={'>0'}>}Sales). The part that limits the records to only those with positive sales is {<Sales={'>0'}>}. Put that in the aggregation functions in your expressions.
Thanks, that worksTitle
Positive Psychology and Work-Life Integration: The Mutually Satisfying Relationship
Document Type
Thesis or dissertation
Date of this Version
2012.
Keywords
work-life integration, work-life balance, interventions, coaching, leadership
Topic
Business/Work, Counseling/Coaching
Format
Other Formats
Date Posted: 19 December 2014America, fourth of July, freedom, VA, veterans
On this Fourth of July birthday of American Independence and freedom, I want to relay a sentiment I heard spoken by a great veteran, John Wayne Whaland. “The best way to honor those who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom is to Live Life Well.” Live well, Americans, and celebrate our freedom and thank anyone who spent part of their life in service to America. Thank you, Veterans, alive and past, who made this the greatest country to live in.Puerto Las Hadas is a unique condominium located on a peninsula adjacent to Hotel Las Hadas. Enjoy a beautiful beach just steps from the condo, watch yachts from your private deck, and relax in delightful pools, complete with islands and swim up bar, or right on the beautiful Pacific ocean.
Papa's Casa is an exceptional condo with appointments that set it apart from others and allow you to get away in comfort while being in the middle of the best part of Manzanillo.
Excellent restaurants abound, both within the resort complex as well as the surrounding towns. Las Hadas is home to a world class 18-hole golf course as well as tennis courts and a pro shop. Manzanillo is the sailfish capital of the world, and fishing charters are easily arranged right outside your door. Get a true flavor of Mexico at the local weekend markets and visit some of the unique shops in the surrounding villages.
When you want to escape further sip a drink and dip your feet in your own wading pool on the terrace.
Have no worries about security. Las Hadas is a gated facility with two separate guard gates for entry. While the town of Manzanillo is safely tucked away from the drug-related issues facing border towns.
When you arrive you will be met by the wonderful caretaker Armondo, who will bring you to Papa's Casa, introduce you to your new home, and answer any questions to make you feel comfortable.
Then you can enjoy the most unbeatable weather from December to April!
I visit the property to make sure that it is maintained and work closely with Armando, our wonderful property manager, to make sure you have an enjoyable stay.
This incredibly unique property was hand picked by our family while Puerto Las Hadas was being constructed. I love the perfect weather and relaxation that Papa's Casa brings, and want to share this awesome location when I am not able to enjoy it.
This condo has it all. Spacious, huge lanai with beautiful long harbor view, private spa pool, and modern kitchen.
The facility support staff were very friendly. We walked to nearby seaside restaurants offering a variety of foods in small, charming venues. We frequented one place that offered the best cerviche ever. Manzanillo is traditional Mexico with an iguana refuge, shopping, good local transportation, and bus access to historic Colima with its archeological sites.
We recommend it.
The condo was awesome, lots of room in bedrooms and living area, beautiful view from patio, and well maintained equipment in kitchen. The cooling pool was great for those very hot days when we didn't feel like heading off to the resort pool. Bit of a hike to catch the bus, but cabs accessible from security. Too bad there isn't a grocery store closer to this large complex.
Armando, condo caretaker, was very attentive, and the couple of minor problems were fixed quickly.
We had a great stay and would recommend this property to anyone
We really enjoyed our stay in Wendy's condo. The spaciousness, privacy, quiet and fine equipment made our vacation truly a delight. The pictures in the ad give a faily good idea, but there are many more details that make this unit remarkable. The two bedrooms with their bathrooms are separated by the large living and dining area. Plenty of storage. Superb views from the large terrace. We strongly recommend it and will try to come back soon.
Leticia and Jean-Claude
50 Percent of total down to reserve, balance due 2 weeks prior to arrival.
Cancellation Fees
Monthly rental: if less than 120 days prior to arrival date - No refund. Prior to 120 days = full refund.
Weekly rental: Rentals for less than 2 weeks must notify within 60 days for a full refund. Cancellations or changes less than 2 months (60) days prior-no refund.Hanging Chair For Girls Bedroom is one of top image reference point about home designs ideas. This home designs has been made up of great idea and follow trending of modern design and simple ideas. Hanging Chair For Girls Bedroom has created on yyy. Hanging Chair For Girls Bedroom reference point also contain Bedroom Ideas For Teenage Girls Me Gusta La Colcha Porque Es Aqua, Kids Room Mattress Protectors Cushions U0026 Blankets Chairs Shelves, Best 25 Ikea Hanging Chair Ideas On Pinterest Stair Wall Decor, Hanging Chairs In Bedrooms Hanging Chairs In Kids Rooms Throughout, Bedroom Charming Girls Bedroom Furniture With Cram Single Sofa.
Hanging Chair For Girls Bedroom is one of top home design ideas of the years, this design has been built from great ideas combined with a various selection of beautiful colors and beautiful designs ideas, would be something amazing if you need apply home design at your own home. Hanging Chair For Girls Bedroom just one of the many guide that we have, you can find other reference from this site such as kichen design, home design ideas, home interior design, home interior design, home decorating ideas, bathroom remodel and etc.
Develop you like the real Hanging Chair For Girls Bedroom in home designs idea, to be able to service in addition to steer people in creating more useful knowledge through talking about this content in, Twitting, in addition to Yahoo Plus, Facebook, or maybe informing friends and family about your viewpoints along with the content we get. You'll be able to clicking on a few connected threads beneath in regards to to more images gallery and additional info affecting house indoor types or possibly structure tips.
Gallery of Hanging Chair For Girls Bedroom
Tags: #Ikea Home Ideas#French Designs For Bedrooms#Blue Plaid Kitchen Curtains#Willowbrook Patio Furniture#Wholesale Kitchen Sinks Stainless SteelHere’s What Happened When Jay Z & Solange Were Stuck On An Elevator AGAIN
- By Bossip Staff
View Comments
1 of 9
❯
❮
Jay Z & Solange Reunite On Elevator
That awkward yet hilarious moment when Auntie Tina posts Jay Z & Solange in an elevator again, quickly realizes it’s a not-very-good idea and deletes the pic but this is the internet (and there’s no deletesies bih) so YOU KNOW what happened next.
Hit the flip for the funniest (and pettiest) reactions to Hov & Solo’s elevator reunion. and Long-Term Benefits
Inexhaustibly opening intelligence provides for society a standard of immediate and long term benefit, including complete mental and emotional stability, profound insight, potent altruism, beneficial relating, intimate relating, optimal health, economic certainty, spontaneous ethics, beneficial speech, solution-oriented action, spontaneous motivation to benefit all, consistent power to fulfill beneficial creative intent, pristine environment and pervasive mutual harmony. Within yourself, your very self, you are the pristine environment of opening intelligence. You are living as pervasive, mutual harmony. There is no question about that whatsoever.
Beneficial, Prosperous and Generous Conduct
For the opening intelligence view, the fundamental key points—recognition, commitment and assurance—are obvious in short moments declaration of unending opening intelligence. Opening intelligence’s resultant beneficial, prosperous, generous conduct is sealed into the superior instruction of short moments. In each of those short moments benefit, prosperity and generous conduct is sealed—first of all to yourself and then to others, to our habitat, the place where we live..
Uncontrived
Instead.
Beneficial Speech
Beneficial speech is relying on the immediate benefit of open intelligence and its beneficial potencies to inform speech in the moment. At first this may require a commitment, an actual taking of a short moment—pausing when agitated or doubtful about what to do and then allowing open intelligence to inform what we’re going to say. Really, it’s better to be silent at first as a beginner than to just spontaneously blurt out whatever might be there. It’s good to learn how powerful and beneficial we are by directly experiencing the potency of the immediate benefit of open intelligence. By doing so we really see that this is so for us and it isn’t just so for someone else; it is so for us.club financial analysis:
whether you are operating an existing health fitness club or planning
to develop a health fitness club, understanding your finances is
critical to success.
we offer any owner/operator or developer comprehensive financial
analysis services that include a thorough breakdown of expenses
measured against projected income.
with our extensive industry experience we can help you resolve any
financial challenge, determine market penetration as well as develop
a personalized future financial plan to better improve your business.U.S. companies selling products in Venezuela are likely to see lower profits and take charges because of higher prices resulting from devaluation of the country's currency.
Avon Products Inc. and Colgate-Palmolive Co could feel the biggest effect among companies that make household and personal products because they derive a greater percentage of their total sales from Venezuela than their peers, analysts said.
Venezuela is largely dependent on imports for consumer goods. Devaluation of the bolivar announced late on Friday by President Hugo Chavez triggered a shopping spree in the capital city Caracas, as people tried to beat price increases.
Items classified as nonessential now have an exchange rate of 4.3 bolivars per U.S. dollar, up from 2.15 and compared with a new rate of 2.6 for essential imports such as food and medicine.
That means companies that had been converting results from Venezuela into U.S. dollars at the official exchange rate of 2.15 must now convert at the new rate of 4.3 if the goods are deemed nonessential.
BMO analyst Connie Maneaty downgraded the whole personal and household product sector she covers to "market perform" from "outperform" Monday.
Ms. Maneaty had downgraded Avon, Colgate and Kimberly-Clark Corp in early December over concerns about a potential devaluation.
On Monday, she downgraded Procter & Gamble Co.
She also cut earnings estimates for companies doing business in Venezuela such as Avon, Colgate and Energizer Holdings Inc. , and cut price targets on shares of those three companies.
Avon shares fell 3.4 per cent, the sharpest drop in the sector. Energizer declined 1.6 per cent, Colgate was down 1.2 per cent and P&G and Kimberly-Clark each declined 1 per cent.
Dow Chemical, the largest U.S.-based chemical manufacturer, said the devaluation was "not material" for it.
DuPont's Pioneer unit declined to say specifically how the Venezuelan devaluation would affect its results, calling Venezuela a small, but important, market.
Dow's shares fell 1 per cent, while DuPont shares rose 1.2 per cent.
Bill Pecoriello of Consumer Edge Research estimated that U.S. consumer products, food and beverage makers exposed to Venezuela could feel an average earnings decline of about 2 per cent after accounting for currency effects.
His company estimated an earnings-per-share decline of about 6 per cent for Avon, 4.7 per cent for Colgate and 2.7 per cent for Energizer, and smaller declines for other companies in the sector.
Colgate said Monday that it expects to record a one-time gain in the first quarter of about 12 cents per share, and charges of about 4 cents to 6 cents per share in each of the quarters of the year, related to the devaluation.
Venezuela accounts for about 6 per cent of Colgate's sales, according to analysts.
P&G, the world's largest maker of household products, derives a greater amount of sales from Venezuela than its peers, but those sales account for a smaller, undisclosed percentage of its total sales.
In October, Avon said Venezuela accounted for about 5 per cent of its revenue and 11 per cent of operating profit during the first nine months of 2009. At that time, it said its earnings would be "negatively impacted" if Venezuela's currency was devalued and inflation rose.
Spokeswomen for Avon and P&G said their companies were reviewing the situation. Kimberly-Clark declined to comment and Energizer could not be reached.How to determine how much you need
Auto Insurance and Liability Coverage
by Gary Foreman
Dear Dollar Stretcher,
We just bought a new car and are trying to determine what level of auto insurance we need. The big argument my husband and I are having is over the values for Bodily Injury. There appear to be 3 levels of coverage which are fairly standard: $100K / $300K, $50K / $100K and $25K / $50K. The first number is per person, the second is per incident. As I understand it, our assets should come into play in determining which level to buy. Well, we don't own a home and my best guess is approximately $100K. Do you have any advice for us?
Amy S.
Amy asks a good question. It's the kind of question that not only can save us some cash, but tell us a lot about our feelings toward money. Let's look at the question from two different perspectives. First, just considering the purely financial aspects. Then, we'll look at some other considerations that could effect her decision.
The financial aspects are pretty straight forward. In fact, Amy has outlined them already. You'll be quoted two numbers for each level of insurance. The first number is the maximum that the insurance company will pay to any one person. The second number represents the total amount that they will pay to anyone involved in one accident on your behalf. So, in the event of an accident, the $100K / $300K quote would pay up to $100,000 to one person or $300,000 to everyone hurt in an accident.
Let's avoid one area of confusion. Amy's question doesn't specifically define 'bodily injury' insurance. There are two types. The first is the damage that we cause others in an accident that's partially or totally your fault. The second is the medical bills that you or your passengers have because of an accident.
While states are generally similar in what is included in each type of insurance, you'll need to talk with your agent. That's not ducking the question. Regardless of where you live you need to protect against certain losses. You need to be able to cover bills for yourself, your passengers and other people that are hurt because you were driving your car. Claims can be due to medical expenses, loss of wages, property damage, pain and suffering, and other similar bills.
If an accident occurs, you don't really care about legal definitions. You just want the bills to be paid. The way to protect yourself is to make sure that you have coverage for all of the circumstances described.
Back to Amy's question. She's been told that her assets should influence her decision about how much insurance to buy. And it's definitely something to consider. Let's look at an illustration to see why that's true. Suppose she picks the lowest level of insurance ($25K / $50K) and has an accident that causes the other driver to win a judgment of $75,000 against Amy. Her insurance company would write a check for $25,000 and Amy would need to write one for $50,000. Unless they're an unusual family, Amy and her husband are unlikely to have that much money and might need years to pay off that large a debt.
That's where the assets come in. Some people will tell you to carry at least as much insurance as the value of your assets. If Amy had carried $100K / $300K on our example, the insurance company would have paid the entire settlement. So far, so good.
But what happens if Amy has an accident with a judgment of $150,000? What will happen then? The insurance company will pay the first $100,000. That leaves $50,000 for Amy to pay. In that situation many people will consider declaring bankruptcy. Here's where it gets a little tricky. Each state has it's own bankruptcy laws. Most are fairly generous in allowing debtors to keep personal possessions. But do you want to depend on that?
Which brings us to the more subjective part of the question. Should the amount of money you could owe be the only concern? Suppose a toddler wandered out into the street and you hit and crippled the child. The bills would easily exceed $100,000. Is it fair to the child's family for you to declare bankruptcy and leave them with the bills? You'll need to answer that one for yourself, but it is something to think about.
One way to protect yourself from very large claims is to purchase a personal liability umbrella policy. It pays for claims that are above the limits of your auto policy and typically run to about $1.5 million. They're not prohibitively expensive. A call to your agent can get you the actual cost.
On a side note, I wouldn't be surprised if a number of you are thinking that many of these large settlements are fraudulent and shouldn't be paid. And you're right. Many claims are faked. Just recently I saw some statistics from the National Insurance Crime Bureau that suggested that fraud adds up to $300 to our insurance bills each year. And, like you, I want to see that stopped. But that doesn't mean that drivers shouldn't carry proper insurance coverage.
A final thought about auto insurance. None of us likes to pay for car insurance. But your liability coverages probably isn't the place to look for savings. Should something bad happen, the failure to have enough insurance could mean declaring bankruptcy. If you need to cut your insurance bill, consider raising your deductible. If you raise your deductible from $500 to $1,000 the very worst thing that can happen is that you have to pay a $1,000 auto repair bill. You might not like it, but you should be able to avoid financial collapse!
Thanks to Amy for asking a fascinating question. We hope her family enjoys that new car and never finds the need to make a claim on that insurance!
Reviewed December 2017
Take the Next Step
- Are you a homeowner? Find out how to reduce homeowners insurance costs along with your auto insurance.
- Do you have an auto loan? Determine if you need GAP insurance.
- Use this handy cheat sheet from a 30-year veteran of the auto insurance industry to get the best auto insurance deal that you can.
- Get control of your financial life. Subscribe to Financial Independence, a free daily email that provides you with the tools to help you gain that control and achieve financial independence. Subscribers get a copy of Are You Heading for Debt Trouble? A Simple Checklist for FREE!
>.Elastic Band T Bar Sandals - Black 40
? Processing Time: The item will be shipped out within 3 business days.
SKU: 209970103
Sale Ends On:--/-- App-Only:$0.00
Shipping & Payment Return Policy
Related Recommendations
- Description
- Reviews
- Q & A
- WHOLESALE
- Converter: cm inch
- Converter: inch cm
Sandals Style: T-Strap
Closure Type: Elastic band
Shoe Width: Medium(B/M)
Pattern Type: Solid
Decoration: Metal
Occasions: Casual
Upper Material: Flock
Style: Leisure
Weight: 0.3445kg
Heel Height Range: Flat(0-0.5")
Platform Height: 1.5CM.Bring on 2010
Posted by maker on January 7, 2010
Thank God for Bill Whittle and others like him. Enjoy…
Advertisements
This entry was posted on January 7, 2010 at 4:21 pm and is filed under Capitalism, Conservatism, Culture, Economics, Environment, Liberalism, Liberty, Politics, Socialism, The Daily Switch, War on Business. Tagged: Capitalism, Conservatism, Culture, Economics, Liberalism, Liberty, Politics, The Daily Switch, War on Business. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.20 Lego Storage Ideas for Girls - The Organised Housewife
The Chic Technique: Pink, white and grey girls bedroom.
Feminine bedroom interior design for little girl's bedroom(Diy Ideas For Girls Room)
Small organizers inside a bin; Especially for all those tiny toy accessories. As seen on: Girls shared room and simple organizational ideas for a small bedroom
Princess Bedroom Ideas: How to create a magical space MaisSummary: A little Halloween story
Feedback: Always welcome
Jack
by Twilight
********************
The victim lay on the butchery table, the corpse pale; the skin peeling and still warm, a trail of steam rose from the open and seeping wounds.
The scalp had been peeled back and the innards lay discarded on the table in a goopy runny mess. The carnage smelt of rotting eggs and as the crazed butcher brought down his knife for another slash to the tender flesh of his victim I called out, "Stop." but I knew it was too late.
The man turned toward me slowly, his face hidden by shadow, the knife still clutched in his hands. As he stepped toward me I could see his face was painted, dark blues and reds adorned his cheeks and his wavy auburn hair hung like a curtain around his face, a few feathers clung to the unruly mess.
"OH, come on, man." Blair dropped his knife, sweeping the mess on the table into the trashcan. "I got a knife man, you trying to make me cut myself?"
When I didn't answer he advanced from around the counter, stopping to rinse his hands and dry them on a towel. "I so do not want to spend Halloween night in the ER with all the other looneys."
"But, but I could have made pie."
The dishtowel sailed toward me, hitting me squarely in the face, brushing my glued on beard before dropping to the floor.
"Come on, Prospector. Time to take Jack here to the party."
I waddled behind my Indian Chief as he picked up the jack o lantern and headed for the door, his tunic blowing as he stepped through. I had to turn my rotund body, stuffed pillows pressing between the jambs, the bib of my overalls getting caught on the door handle. Blair came back for me, juggling Jack, trying to pry me through the door.
"Pie?? Right..."
"Hey, I can make pie."
With a final shove I was free, but Jack tumbled toward the hall floor. Blair made a wild grab but in the end my fatness saved him. I leaned toward Blair and the pumpkin rolled down my torso and landed with a muffled thump near my feet. It was useless to try to bend over to retrieve it, I didn't think I would be able to sit in the truck and Blair had been joking all evening that he was going to have to roll me into the bed and cover me with the tarp on the way over to the station.
"I got him, I got him."
The trip to the truck was uneventful but as I tried to raise myself into the passenger seat a new problem became clear. A snicker accompanied by a sudden cough sounded to my right and as I rounded on the Indian he stepped back, both hands raised.
"Hey man, don't worry about it. I can sew a patch on real quick, it'll look authentic."
As a cool breeze circulated around the new opening in my pants, I shook my head and headed to the back of the truck. Blair ran into the building as I heaved myself up and over the tailgate, shimmying back to rest my upper body on one of the wheel wells.
"Uh, Jim? I was just joking about riding in the back, man."
"Shut up, Sandburg."
He jumped in, taking the wheel and started the ignition with a bit too much force, turning to give me a nervous look through the rear window, before pulling from my usual spot.
The chilly wind whipped at my face, forcing me to hold onto my hat and fake beard.
"All I know," I growled. "There better be pie."
The End
Back to Twilight's page.Meet the Oscar Nominees: David Darg, Producer / Director, 'Body Team 12'
The importance of telling what's happening on the ground and relaying these visuals back to the people with the power to make a difference and fund the response is so critical.
Editor's note: Over the next few weeks, we at IDA will be introducing our community to the films that have been honored by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences with an Oscar® nomination in the documentary category. You can see Body Team 12 on Saturday, February 27 at 11 a.m. at the Writers Guild of Theater in Beverly Hills as part of DocuDay LA.
In 2014, when the Ebola virus outbreak began to spread across West Africa at an unprecedented rate, the Red Cross recognized the need to establish an entirely new kind of job. In counrties like Liberia where the outbreak was at its most extreme, body teams were organized and tasked with safely collecting Ebola victims from villages and neighborhoods throughout the region. What could be considered the most gruesome and life-threatening job in the world is depicted in David Darg's short documentary film Body Team 12 through the experiences of one body team as they travel from house to house with the arduous task of convincing families to release the bodies of their loved ones for a safe burial. At the front of this team is Garmai Sumo, a mother whose feminine experience makes her the perfect candidate for negotiating this safe method of body collection with grieving families.
We spoke with Darg over the phone from his home in New York City about what this Oscar nomination means for humanitarian efforts everywhere, and why his wife was so mad at him when she saw the footage from Liberia.
Body Team 12 is an interesting companion piece to your first documentary, Sun City Picture House, about a Haitian man who works to build the only movie theater in his home nation after the 2010 earthquake. You seem to have a knack for traveling to crisis areas and honing in on these most human of experiences. What drives you to tell these stories?
All of these films do have a common theme in that they are borne out of disasters that we've responded to. We get involved in a lot of humanitarian work, so we're there as relief workers and humanitarians in these different places. Sun City Picture House came out of Haiti, as did our film after that, Baseball in a Time of Cholera. When Ebola started, I went to Liberia early on in the outbreak to see what I could do as part of the relief effort. Of course, the whole time [I was] shooting, my goal [was to produce] content for awareness back home and for fundraising. So I started to shoot a lot of what I was seeing, but, as always, I was on the lookout for one particular story that really stood out.
When I came across the body teams, it was so obvious to me that that needed to be our story. At the time, during the height of the outbreak, the visuals we were seeing in the media in the West were of these people wearing yellow, protective suits with goggles and masks on, doing this incredibly dangerous work. But nothing was being told about who these people were.
A lot of media outlets who cover your film paint you as an aid worker first and a filmmaker second. Which title do you prefer? How would you rather be remembered?
That's a really good question. In my mind, and in [producer] Bryn [Mooser]'s mind too, the two are so married together in the work that we do that neither trumps the other. The importance of storytelling and filmmaking is so critical to humanitarian work that [it] couldn't exist without the storytelling component. The importance of telling what's happening on the ground and relaying these visuals back to the people with the power to make a difference and fund the response is so critical. We see filmmaking as a critical component of aid work. It really doesn't bother me which title I'm attached to, but I would say that a combination of the two is probably the best way to describe who I am and who Bryn is. I would say that we are humanitarian filmmakers.
So you went to Liberia attached the Red Cross?
I went to Liberia initially with a US organization called Operation Blessing, who were involved in the manufacture of a disinfectant solution that was widely used to fight Ebola, like a liquid chlorine. So I was involved in a lot of logistics in importing electronic equipment to make chlorine and helping set up local Liberian teams to distribute and manufacture it. That's what led me to interacting with the body teams. The body teams themselves are coordinated by the Liberian Red Cross.
When you got there, you didn't know that you would be embedded with a body team?
I shot the film over the course of four trips to Liberia during the outbreak, two of which were right at the height of the outbreak when it was most critical. It wasn't until the second trip. I saw the work of the teams during my first trip, so I arranged that on my second trip I would embed with one of the teams. They agreed and assigned me, randomly, to Body Team 12. They were the 12th of 12 teams working in the capital city of Monrovia. There are lots of teams in the region, and in every country they had teams all over the place in the major cities. The first day I showed up at the headquarters they said, "OK, today you're going out with Team 12." I joined them, and I didn't expect to meet someone as powerful or as captivating as Garmai; I also didn't expect to meet a female who was that strong a character. As it turns out, it's a policy of the Red Cross that every team has to have a female member because they make the best negotiators when it comes to convincing the family to release the dead relative.
What was it about Garmai that put her in the center of the story? Why is it important, in your mind, that she's a woman?
She definitely found me. The goal was to tell the story of the bravery of these body workers, that they would be willing to potentially sacrifice their lives for the sake of saving their countrymen. When I met Garmai in the field, she really struck me as the strongest of the characters on the team. I was really intrigued by her story; not only was she able to endure the mental and physical dangers of the job, but also she was a mother with a young child, and because of the stigma associated with the outbreak, she'd been ostracized by friends and family and her neighbors. Everything that she was going through really astonished me, that anyone could stick with the job. It was really clear that she'd be an excellent character to tell the story through. That's similar with a lot of our previous films, that they're really character-driven and that we find someone among these disasters and crises who has a powerful perspective, and we tell the story through an individual's eyes.
Have you followed up with Garmai since you finished filming?
We're friends on Facebook and we communicate all the time. The day of the nomination she was screaming on the other end of the phone. And of course she's seen lots of articles popping up on Facebook. It's really great for her to see that the story is going to be able to inspire many more because of the nomination. We keep in touch with her because her role has shifted. Now that Ebola has been declared officially over by the World Health Organization, there's no need for the body teams. But she's still involved in the relief effort because the legacy of Ebola is that there's an epidemic of orphans who lost both parents. She was there at the moment that their parents were taken away, so she had a database of all addresses in Monrovia where there are orphans. Now she's helping to care for around 300 kids in a program that's providing them scholarships, food and medical care.
Were you at all concerned with the risks you were taking with your own health in embedding with a body team? What were some precautions you took?
It was really concerning. There were people dying all around us from this invisible killer. People weren't sure if they were going to be next. Obviously, being with the body teams made it exponentially more dangerous because we were face to face with Ebola victims. It was very nerve-wracking, probably the most dangerous film that I've been involved in. The first day I embedded with the team, the advice that the Red Cross gave me was to maintain what they called "a safe distance," and wear long sleeves and rubber boots. I did that, and got back to my place at the end of the day, and really struggled with the anxiety of not knowing if I had been contaminated that day. I had a headache and I felt fatigued, and both of those are the initial symptoms of Ebola. On subsequent outings, I also realized that I wanted to get closer to the action for the sake of the film, and so I wore a white, full body suit, gloves, mask and goggles for several of the scenes in the film where I'm really close to the action.
It was a really difficult film to produce in that sense because I got to experience a glimpse of the anxiety that the body teams did on a daily basis. I would get back at the end of every day not sure if I'd been exposed; medical professionals were dying almost on a daily basis around us, and these were people who were taking similar precautions. So It was very taxing mentally and physically. Again, the film was made as a tribute to the brave, young Liberians who were willing to put themselves in that situation on a daily basis, month after month, and somehow endure that level of physical and mental hardship. It's really exciting for us to think that this film can help inspire others through that story. Human history is defined by these brave individuals who are willing to stand up against all the odds and do this incredibly dangerous work for the sake of others. So that's really the message we're trying to convey with the film.
I read that you were in quarantine during the editing process. Tell me what that was like.
It wasn't as dramatic as being in a bio-container on my own. For two of the trips I made, the CDC had mandated mandatory monitoring for anyone returning from the three countries in Africa that were affected. When I arrived back in the States, I had to check in with the CDC twice a day, monitoring my temperature and going through a checklist of symptoms to make sure they could catch any early symptoms. While it wasn't a mandatory quarantine, I was advised by the CDC to not go out in public as much as I could. At the time, there were stories of foreign journalists returning to the US and being caught out and about in New York and losing their jobs. It was a huge deal. For the sake of not being on the news, I decided to stay at home for 21 days. I would talk to a CDC nurse twice a day. It was convenient because I'm notorious for always being on the move, so Bryn really appreciated having me in one place, with zero excuse to not start editing the film.
Would you take a risk like this again, for the sake of telling another story?
I would have to say yes. For me, I feel as though the risk was worth it because had I not taken it, this story, which I feel is extremely important, wouldn't have been told. I think it's important that filmmakers are willing to take certain levels of risk, and we see that a lot in documentary. Some of the best docs of recent years have been by filmmakers who are willing to take exceptional risks. So if you ask my wife, she'd probably tell you that I shouldn't ever take that risk again. And it's funny because she didn't realize how close I was getting to the action until she saw the first cut of the film. And then she was really mad at me. For about 24 hours she wouldn't talk to me.
The film has had a pretty good life -- it premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival, which is where your first film premiered. What's it like to have such a strong champion in such a huge festival? How has that helped the film on the road to Oscar for you?
We've really appreciated the support from Tribeca since our first film, Sun City Picture House. Sharon Badal and Ben Thompson have become dear friends and have been kind enough to program four films at Tribeca. As filmmakers we've evolved over the years, and with the support of Tribeca we have helped to learn the industry and learn strategy in the industry in order to help give these films a bigger audience every time. Winning Tribeca last year was huge for us and huge for the film, and it's been really incredible to see the exponential platform that's given this story. After Tribeca, we got picked up by HBO; it's going to air in March. And then of course, qualifying for the Academy Award through the Tribeca win really helped to propel us on the journey to where we are now. It's really been incredible to see how far we've come from Sun City Picture House, and a lot that success is due to the incredible support we've received from Tribeca.
After the Oscars whirlwind is over, what's next for you?
There's always so much going on at our production company, Ryot. We have a full news platform, so we're constantly working on [delivering] short-form storytelling to our audience of young people who really want to engage and help take action on a lot of social issues around the world. I'm continuing to do a lot of reporting and storytelling through Ryot, as well as looking at some more short films that are currently in the pipeline. We've been digging in a lot on the refugee crisis over the last year. I just returned from Greece a couple of weeks ago, where we've started production on not only traditional form documentary, but also virtual reality storytelling. You can download our app at the App store. We've shot in almost 30 countries in the last year in virtual reality, and we're really excited about that medium. As a company, we've been doing a lot of investment into equipment and sending crews out to do storytelling in virtual reality. As I said, the refugee crisis is going to occupy a lot of our time over the next few months. After that we're going to have to wait and see what develops.
Katharine Relth is the Communications Manager for the IDA.I recently had to let something go. Well, I guess I didn't HAVE to. No one forced me. I chose to do it. Something that has been dear to me, even though most of the time I had forgotten why it was so very important.
But what was important was the symbol of this particular item. It symbolized, to me and to others, that my past was perhaps more important than my present. And it's certainly scary to let go of what you've come to depend upon to always be there.
I guess it would be like taking away my daughter's "blankie." She can't sleep without her soft, often dirty, pink blanket. Fortunately, no one took anything away from me. And I will probably never force my daughter to give up her blanket. She'll have to decide when she's ready to grow up and move on.
I think I'm ready to grow up and move on. I've come to terms with my fears, and I've realized that I'm not losing anything that is important to me. And I'm actually gaining so much by simply letting go of that fear. I'm gaining back (perhaps for the first time?) my husband's trust. I'm gaining back a love and respect for myself that is not dependent upon the loss of any material item.
In spite of my title, this isn't tattoo removal. I can't erase the marks I have. But I can choose to stop looking at them as "who I am." My marks don't define me. I am way more complex. Just ask my husband.Five of the best Himalayan hill-stations
Summers in a country like India are unforgiving. With temperatures touching 45 degree Celsius more often than not, it becomes a necessity to take a weekend getaway or sometimes even an extended holiday. Naturally, in summers, one would want to visit hill-stations, much cooler and perfect for you to let all the heat and tension get off you.
And what better place than a Himalayan Hill Station to travel in order to get away from the scorching heat of plains. However, in case you are in a dilemma about how to go ahead with your plans, there are various Himalayan Hill Station Tour Packages in India who will chalk out everything for you and you won’t have to worry about a thing.
Here we give you five hill stations in the Himalayas which you can visit when you’ve had enough of the heat.
Kashmir – Heaven on Earth
Since time immemorial we are being told that while there are a lot of beautiful places in the world, there is nothing like Kashmir. You have various options to visit in the northern-most state of the country as well. Summer capital of the state Srinagar, Sonamarg, Gulmarg, Pahalgam, Leh and Ladakh. We can keep on talking about the beauty of these places, but nothing can replace the feeling when you actually visit these hill-stations.
Shimla – The Queen of Hills
The capital of Himachal Pradesh and former summer British capital in India, Shimla is full of tourists in the summer months. There are a lot of places to visit in and around the city with the major attractions being the Mall Road, which is the shopping hub of the city and offers an excellent view of the valley below and mountains above. Then you can go to Kufri, which is less crowded and situated some 13 kilometres above Shimla. However, one thing which you cannot miss is the toy train to Kalka.
Manali – Valley of Gods
Manali is also situated in the state of Himachal Pradesh. Placed at an even higher altitude than Shimla, there are chances that you’ll find snow clad mountains in the summers as well. You can visit the Solang Valley, Rohtang Pass, the Beas river and can also take part in the various adventure sports, as the city is a hub of adventure activities such as white river rafting, paragliding, skiing et al.
Rishikesh – Yoga capital of India
Rishikash is the gateway to Garhwal part of the Himalayas and is situated near Uttarakhand capital of Dehradun. The town is built on the foothills of Himalayan mountains and offers a wide variety of adventure sports like bungee jumping, river rafting, trekking etc. Rishikesh is famous for its spirituality as well and places like Laksman Jhula, Gita Bhavan, Swarga Ashram etc. are must visit.
Darjeeling – The queen of hills(also)
Situated in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal, Darjeeling is known for its tea industry and scenic beauty. World’s third highest mountain Kangchenjunga can be spotted clearly from here and like Shimla, Darjeeling has its toy train as well. Few of the best places to visit in Darjeeling are Tiger Hills, Rock Garden, Nightingale Park etc.
You can take any one of the various Himalayan tour packages and visit these beautiful places.G quarter backs?
Daria Jones has been trying for almost seven years to get over her past. After starting college, finding an awesome group of friends and falling in love she thinks she has called many things. Football God. Man-whore. For the most part he had been a man whore for years. Part of his past made him afraid that he could never truly commit to one person. Then. DUE OUT DECEMBER 1ST.There are no products in this category
To View More Possibilities, Please Click Here
Or
What our customers say?
- Many Thanks. Just talked to the recipient and she loved everything. Have a great day. - marcelo sant'anna, United States
- My brother received and enjoyed his gift. Many thanks for your efficiency in helping me to remember his birthday. - John Pastoors, Singapore
-»Catch Lil Durk live for his "Everywhere I Go" tour.
Lil."
Durk is preparing to head on the road in four days time, with the first date kicking off on January 30th in St. Louis. He'll be touring until early March, where "Everywhere I Go" wraps up in Wilmington, Delaware. There's one particular stop you should pay attention to, the New York stop at Gramercy Theatre on February 24th-- HotNewHipHop will be sponsoring the show, and so you know we'll have some tickets to give away to NYC concert go-ers. Keep your eyes peeled for that.
The NYC show will have Durk performing with Villain$ and H Scott. You can cop tickets here. View the full list of tour dates in the flyer above.
12 CommentsView Comment ThreadMiraVillas Hotel, Mira
- Free WiFi and free parking
Main amenities
- 30 smoke-free guestrooms
- Restaurant and bar/lounge
- Breakfast available
- Air conditioning
- Garden
- Luggage storage
- Limited hour front desk
- Playground
- Free WiFi and free parking
For families
- Free cribs/infant beds
- Playground on site
- Rollaway/extra beds (surcharge)
- Television
- Garden
- Hair dryer
What’s around
-)
- Curia Golf Club (20.9 mi / 33.7 km)
- Bairrada Wine Museum (22.9 mi / 36.9 km)
- Mealhada City Park (23.9 mi / 38.4 km)
MiraVillas Hotel, Mirafrom $41
- Single Room
- Double or Twin Room
- Double or Twin Room, Kitchenette
- Standard Twin Room, 1 Bedroom, Garden View
- Superior Suite, 1 Bedroom, Garden View
More great choices
At a glance
Key facts
Hotel size
- This hotel has 30 rooms
- This hotel is arranged over 3 floors
Arriving/leaving
- Check-in time 2 PM-11 PM
- Express check-in
If you are planning to arrive after 10
- Free nearby parking
Other information
- Smoke-free property
In the hotel
- Breakfast (surcharge)
- Restaurant
- Bar/lounge
- Room service (during limited hours)
- Tennis on site
- Playground on site
- Front desk (limited hours)
- Luggage storage
- Year Built 2004
- Garden
In the room
- Air conditioning
- Minibar
- Hair dryer
- TV
- Satellite TV channels
- Desk
- Free WiFi
- Phone
- In-room safe
Also popular with travelers from the USA
MiraVillas Hotel, Mira’s small print
Also known as
- Mira Villas
- Mira Villas Design
- Mira Villas Design Hotel
- Mira Villas Hotel
- Villas Design Hotel
- MiraVillas Hotel Mira
- MiraVillas Hotel
- MiraVillas Mira
- MiraVillas
Policies
Only registered guests are allowed in the guestrooms.
Optional extras
Rollaway beds are available for EUR 25 per day
Breakfast is offered for an extra charge of EUR 10 per person (approximately)
We have included all charges provided to us by this hotel. However, charges can vary, for example, based on length of stay or the room you book.
Hotel registry number: 1456
What’s around MiraVillas Hotel, Mira
Landmarks
-)
Getting around
- Porto (OPO-Dr. Francisco de Sa Carneiro) 77-min drive
- Free self parking
- Free parking nearby
Is the description of this hotel not correct? Tell usClarksville Skilled Nursing & Rehab Center
Contact Information115 North Hilton St
Clarksville, IA 50619
Price & Availability: (877) 311-2675
General Info: (319) 278-4900
County: Butler
Photos
About Clarksville Skilled Nursing & Rehab Center
General Information
Ratings for Clarksville Skilled Nursing & Rehab Center
Clarksville Skilled Nursing & Rehab Center
July 2, 2015 - 3 years ago
May 5, 2015 - 3 years ago
Staffing Levels Per Resident per Day
Medicare determines the expected staffing time per resident per day depending on level of care the residents of Clarksville Skilled Nursing & Rehab<<ICE xPC Pocket Desktop Computer Unveiled The ICE xPC has been designed to offer users a pocket desktop computer that can be easily slipped into your pocket for transportation when required. ICE Computers are providing buyers of their pocket desktop computer with the option to power their new ICE xPC mini PC with either a Core i3 or Core i5 or Intel Atom Bay Trail processors. Together with options for either 32, 64 or 128GB of storage provided by an internal solid state disk (SSD) as well as Dual HDMI and DP display support. Weighing in at less than 4 ounces the mini PC uses less than 11 W of electricity and comes complete with a five megapixel web camera and a HDMI SlimPort for connectivity. As well as connections for DisplayPort, DVI, and VGA. Looks very cool, but viability of this concept will depend on performance it offers, and importantly how much it will cost.Home »Gray Wood Floor Stain » Gray Wood Floor Stain
Description: Gray Wood Floor Stain from the above 300 x 224 px resolutions which is part of the Gray Wood Floor Stain directory. Download this image for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution.
Detail Of Gray Wood Floor Stain
Title : staining hardwood floors gray refinish wood with gray westchester
File Size : 300 x 224 px
File Type : image/jpeg
Download :Small Size °Large Size °
This Gray Wood Floor Stain is provided only for personal use as image on computers, smartphones or other display devices. If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us and we will remove it. We don't intend to display any copyright protected images.Capri Ana #501 for Sale
1470 16th Street, Miami Beach, FL 33139
$2,695,000 -2.00% 3 bds • 2 ba • 1,974 sqft
Off-Market Please contact us to make an offer
- MLS #A10202321
- 374 days on CondoBlackBook
- Monthly Association Fee
- Learn more about Capri Ana
Full Floor at Capri Building with the most phenomenal Downtown and Sunset views over the Islands of Biscayne Bay.The interior is magnificent with a gorgeous kitchen, excellent closet buildouts and a sexy wet shower/tub configuration.Elevator opens directly into your apartment, affording the ultimate in privacy. Floor to ceiling windows and double width sliders open onto the terrace creating a seamless indoor/outdoor floorplan. Just steps from Lincoln Road, the warehouse district and the Venetian Causeway
Key Features Unit #501
- Parking: 2 Or More Spaces
- Pets: Yes-Restrictions Or Possible Restrictions
- Waterfront Property: Yes
- Waterfront Description: Bay Front,Intracoastal Front
- Water Access: Dock Available
- Furnished: Unfurnished
- Equipment/Appliance: Circuit Breaker,Dishwasher,Disposal,Dryer,Electric Water Heater,Washer/Dryer Hook-Up,Icemaker,Microwave,Electric Range,Refrigerator,Self Cleaning Oven,Smoke Detector,Wall Oven
- Floor: Marble Floors
- Cooling: Central Cooling,Electric Cooling
- Heating: Central Heat,Electric Heat
- Windows/Treatment: Blinds/Shades
- Other: All Amenities,Building Exterior,Common Area,Elevator
- Exterior Features: High Impact Doors,Open BalconyA Chinese air force
employee handles the monkeys, who can together dismantle 60
birds' nests a day.
163.com
Monkeys have been trained to clear the skies of the biggest threat to China’s air force at the moment – birds – as Beijing prepares for its massive military parade this week to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of the second world war.
A monkey is put into
action.
163.com
Pictures from July show military personnel instructing monkeys to dismantle the nests of birds on trees at an unspecified air force base used for parade training.
The military base was situated along a migration route for birds, which undermined the safety of the military’s flight training, said trainer Wang Mingzhi, who is responsible for clearing the birds near the base.
Birds can cause severe damage to planes when they collide.
The military staff also
trained eagles to drive other birds out of the
sky.
163.com
“No one can climb trees as tall as 30 metres,” Wang said. “With shotguns, we can blow off only two nests with a box of bullets. If we use water cannon, it would be a waste of water and human resources.”
The officers have five monkeys, who together can dismantle 60 nests a day. The base also trains eagles to drive away other birds.
An officer at an air base shows the eagle in
action.
163.com
Beijing has also banned people from releasing pigeons for half a day on Thursday, when the parade will take place.
Read the original article on South China Morning Post. Copyright 2015. Follow South China Morning Post on Twitter.The last time I mentioned ``The Jewel in the Crown,`` I touched off a stream of letters that didn`t dry up for at least a month.
Here we go again, except this time it won`t be advice on how to fill in an episode badly recorded at home. It`s about where and when you`ll be able to have a mint-condition copy of the series--at full retail, of course. Park St Ste 102, Columbia, SC 29201
1516 Richland St, Columbia, SC 29201
140 Wildewood Park Dr Ste 102, Columbia, SC 29223
7625 Garners Ferry RdColumbia, SC 29209
545 Spindrift LnColumbia, SC 29209
760 Highway 378Lexington, SC 29072
2618 Highway 378Gilbert, SC 29054
PREFERRED
2000 Park St Ste 102Columbia, SC 29201
From Business: At Bob Capes Property Management and Real Estate Sales, we believe in serving our customers with energy and integrity. We understand the trust and confidence that…
3565 Sunset BoulevardWest Columbia, SC 29169
From Business: Colonial Gardens Alzheimer's Special Care Center is located in West Columbia, South Carolina. The city sits on banks of the Congaree river. West Columbia does a w…
2111 Two Notch RdLexington, SC 29072
From Business: Pascon, LLC provides commercial and residential container services. Our containers are perfect for projects such as yard debris, remodeling, clean up following ev…
109 Hillpine RdColumbia, SC 29212
901 Rob Roy CtWest Columbia, SC 29169
PREFERRED
1728 Indian Land DrNewberry, SC 29108
139 Oneil CtColumbia, SC 29223
From Business: Hours are Monday - Friday 9AM-430PM, Unfurnish Apartments, Apartment Commitee, Apartment Rentals
600 Queen StColumbia, SC 29205
From Business: Since 1962, the Byrd Properties, otherwise known as W. H. Byrd Company, has been a family owned property management company in Columbia, South Carolina with four …
325 Percival Rd Ste 1Columbia, SC 29206
1917 Harden StColumbia, SC 29204
From Business: Established in 1934, Columbia Housing Authority offers subsidized housing services for low income families who are residents of Columbia, Cayce and Richland Count…
1320 Piney Grove RdColumbia, SC 29210
After the place finally finished with the construction or upgrades to the complex, which took ungodly amount of time and had construction workers le…
100 Willow Oak DrColumbia, SC 29223
6837 N Trenholm RdColumbia, SC 29206
441 Pelham DrColumbia, SC 29209
2400 Ashland RdColumbia, SC 29210
1800 Killian Lakes Dr Ste 1107Columbia, SC 29203
1350 Main StColumbia, SC 29201
113 Paces Brook AveColumbia, SC 29212
100 Fairforest RdColumbia, SC 29212
100 Ripplemeyer Ave Ste 15Columbia, SC 29203
I DO NOT recommend!!! I've heard many people break their lease just to move out. All previous reviews are very true. Do not be fooled... Yes the apa…
211 Main St Apt 130Columbia, SC 29201
From Business: The Lofts at USC is the choice alternative to on-campus student housing. Located across the street from USC, The Lofts is so close to campus that the USC shuttle …
250 Crossbow DrColumbia, SC 29212
900 Gracern RdColumbia, SC 29210
120 Sloan RdColumbia, SC 29223
We've put together a small list to get you started on your journey -- and the first step starts with a single box.
First of all the train tracks are directly next to the building with no sound barrier and the drivers do not care at all that it is a residential area. So whenever it goes by they WILL honk their horn as loud as possible and it WILL wake you up EVERY SINGLE TIME. The annex is treated like trash. They do a pitiful job maintaining the interior of the hallways. If something gets damaged it usually takes months or sometimes even longer to be repaired. Also relating to the annex they will tell you that there is a printer there you can use to print out your schoolwork. How nice right?!?! NO. Half of the time it does not connect to the computer (showing that it is not set up correctly), and when you get lucky and can connect to it you find out that they never refill the paper. EVER. They also rarely fill up the ink. So don't rely on that for printing out your papers. Its still included in your bill though as a courtesy. Your welcome. Third they are greedy scammers. In your contract it states that you are liable for "damages minus normal ware and tare". This statement has absolutely no meaning to them. They will charge you for any mark in the room whatsoever, no matter how minor or insignificant. I was billed $45 for a "Partial paint bedroom". They sent me two pictures as evidence. The evidence showed a damage was so insignificant that the camera could barely pick up. So they said that they had to repaint a portion of the room. When they did that, the painter did not bother covering the floor to avoid paint splashes, so paint got on the floor. I was apparently liable for that too.
Genuinely, do not stay here. Please don't waste your money. I saw a few bad reviews before I moved in and ignored them because I liked the look and location of the place, and I regret it. From the day I moved in, things in my apartment were broken. I've had an electrical issue or a leak/break nearly every week for the 6 weeks I've lived here. Maintenance takes forever to respond. They only have 2 men for the entire building. They claim to have an emergency number, but it's legitimately the same number as regular maintenance, so if you have a pipe break after 5pm, you have to deal with your apartment flooding until at least the next morning. This happened to me. I've also had a ceiling leak in the bathroom that I've been told has been fixed three times, but leaks again every other week. Maintence is rude and borderline sexually harassing. I've been stared up and down to the point I've had to walk out of my own apartment while they're here. I have a broken ceiling fan, and I was told that the boss refuses to replace it, so my fan is always on high -- runs up my electricity bill and causes my apartment to be freezing all the time, which is horrible for my lung condition. These are only a few of the problems. Parking is horrendous. I have to park on the 4th floor of the garage more often than not. There are roaches and spiders everywhere. The room they've given me is near uninhabitable. It's gross negligence as a product of either severe laziness or extreme ignorance to let someone move into a unit with so many fundamental issues. I come home every day and genuinely worry about what else I will find that's broken. And it's definitely a undergraduate environment. I've had drunk teens knock on my door late at night twice. They claim it's safe because of all the magnetic locked doors, but the main entrance from the visitor's parking lot is broken, so anyone can walk in. I had to buy my own alarm system to feel safe. Do NOT waste your money here.
The staff is completely unknowledgeable and the apartment is not close to anything. The staff accuses people of noise violations and trash violations all the time just to make extra money on top of the ridiculously high rent that we have to pay. I have to walk at least 30 minutes to get to my closest class, and if you choose to take a shuttle that will take at least 20 minutes just to wait for it, and this is on top of even more minutes that it takes to complete all the stops the bus has to take going to and from campus. GO TO 650 LINCOLN INSTEAD: better apartment, actually ON CAMPUS, and an actual staff who will work with you to make living actually convenient. It's quite simple, Aspyre has been the worst housing I have lived at in the 3 years I've been at USC.
Maintenance not timely with response. Towing is a BIG problem! Layout a problem for large furniture.
This was my first apartment and close to my job. The first week I moved in someone tried to break into my apartment. The people upstairs are so loud I have to complain everyday. The people throw trash all in the breezeway. I would never live out here again the lady in the house is real nice.
The worst place I've EVER had to live. Staff is super nice when they are taking your money, after that you mean no more to them than the front doors that don't close, black mold under your sink and in your showers, heat that doesn't work in the winter and a/c that doesn't work in the summer, disposal/dishwasher that doesn't work, or the old dusty appliances that they'll write on your lease as "updated". Don't buy in to the "safe community" that they add as a feature. If you like home invasions, car break ins, and smashed windows- This is the place for you. Don't have an alarm clock? No worries. Cockroaches love to wake you up. A cardboard box has more insulation than the walls of this apartment. Sky-high electricity bills are not uncommon. Any place other than here is an upgrade. Save your money.
I wouldn't even give that place 0 stars! DON'T GO THERE!! I called the day before I was going to go there and spoke with a lady in the office. I told her I would be there to look at an apartment after my child's therapy was over at 2:45 and she was fine with that. I explained to her that I was looking for somewhere immediately since my son and I lost our apartment due to the flooding and would definitely be there to look. I drove 30 minutes away from where I was staying in the cold with a small child that I have to pack into a car seat to be greeted with a snotty receptionist that told me she spoke to me the day before and she told me they didn't show apartments this late in the afternoon. It was only 3:45 and the office supposedly closes at 5:30. When I told her that she didn't tell me that she then proceeded to tell me that she's sure she did! (I think I would have remembered not to make a 30 minute drive if I couldn't see something!) She huffed under her breath and said "I guess I can show you a unit" and slowly got up and her annoyance with me was blatantly obvious! I just said "No, that's fine." I walked out and drove 30 minutes back to where I'm staying. If that place will talk to someone like me, whose lost everything in a terrible flood and is sleeping on a floor with a 2 year old child, how do they talk to their residents? I barely made it through the door without encountering their snotty attitudes! I feel sorry for their residents! To make a long story short, don't even waste your time going there! Its not even worth wasting your gas on! If a person who's technically homeless won't even move there, that really says something! Not even to mention the building across from the office is burned down!!AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!!
You will so regret being here. There is Mold, bugs come in and the managers are horrible people. The are so dishonest and unreliable. There is a constant change in management and it just gets worse. One said when I came to pay my final bill " What did you house get flooded and you have to come back? As a matter of fact I was evacuated. This is not a compassionate management. They smile and make you think they carte!!! NOT!!!! DO NOT RENT HERE!!!
Fraud Alert! My niece recently moved into this complex. I helped her with deposit and rent. I logged in and made the payment, once. They charged my card twice without my authorization. I reported this to the apartments, they were ZERO help, had no intentions of helping to straighten this out, rather told me they were keeping the money. I have reported this fraud to my credit card company and have agreed to help prosecute. Be very careful what credit card numbers you give them!
This place is the worst of the worst. In 2014 we looked at these apartments as a last resort. My husband applied and they approved him for their run down sister property Hunters Mill after complaints to the regional office they let us move in sage point. Building 14 has the worst parking ever, if you are not in a park by 6pm you can forget about having a park. Then these lil hoodlims go behind our building to smoke and goof off. People that actually live out here will go and break in to their neighbor's apartment. The managements know that this is going on but does nothing about it. My air condition unit ran 24/7 when we first moved in and our light bill was high for a few days once I figured out what the problem was I told them and that it was making my light bill high and they did nothing about it until I call the district manager he did not even believe me he had to come all the was from florence to see for himself, then he finally gave me a credit for the high light bill. We never had a bug problem because we used our own bug spray. But in the last month of the lease I notice a large amount of bugs (roaches, waterbugs, ect.) The maintenance man is the property manager's boyfriend and has no skills what so ever. My son asked him was he going to fix our air and his response was "imma try" it took him months to fix the gate for our apartments. He is only a tech because they are in a relationship. He has no skills and it takes him 3 or 4 tries to fix complicated tech issuse. Please listen to these reviews as they are not lies but real life. And last but not least, DO NOT AND I MEAN DO NOT GIVE THESE PEOPLE ANY MONEY IF YOUR NAME IS NOT ON THE LEASE BECAUSE IF YOU CALL TO QUESTION YOU ABOUT IT THEY WILL TELL YOU THEY CAN NOT TALK TO YOU "LEGALLY" BUT WILL NOT SHOW YOU A STATUTE STATING AS SUCH. I KNOW THE LAWS........HALF AS MANAGERHarker appointed
University president named to Homeland Security Academic Advisory Council
10:17 a.m., June 25, 2014--University of Delaware President Patrick Harker has been appointed to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Academic Advisory Council.
Harker will serve a two-year term on the council, which is charged with providing assistance to the department on matters related to student and recent graduate recruitment, international students, academic research and faculty exchanges, campus resilience and preparedness, homeland security academic programs and cybersecurity.
People Stories
'Resilience Engineering'
Reviresco June run
"I’m looking forward to serving in this capacity to help ensure the safety and security of individuals and intellectual property for Americans, as well as for citizens of other nations,” Harker said.
Delaware’s Congressional delegation – U.S. Sens. Tom Carper and Chris Coons and U.S. Rep. John Carney – congratulated Harker on his appointment.
“I commend Secretary Johnson for appointing Dr. Harker to this important body,” said Carper, chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. “Under Dr. Harker’s direction, UD has become a recognized leader in areas like cybersecurity, disaster response and biosecurity. For years, those of us in Delaware and the academic community have witnessed his leadership and knowledge first-hand, and now he will be able to lend his expertise in support of the Department of Homeland Security’s mission. I know Dr. Harker’s counsel and the work performed every day at the University of Delaware will be especially valuable to Secretary Johnson and his team at the Department.”
Coons added, “More than ever before, our economy and security depend on the skills of a highly trained cyber workforce. Expanding that workforce to meet our growing needs is a national security imperative, and thanks to the leadership of President Harker, that work is happening in earnest at the University of Delaware. President Harker’s vision and dedication have helped make UD a national leader in defense research and education, and I know he will bring the same vigor to his role on the Homeland Security Academic Advisory Council. I look forward to following his work and congratulate him on this well-deserved honor.”
And Carney said, “The University of Delaware, under the leadership of President Harker, has become a center of excellence conducting critical research on cybersecurity, protecting the country’s food supply, and defending the nation from other threats both inside and outside the country. President Harker’s appointment to the Department of Homeland Security’s Academic Advisory Council will help keep UD on the cutting edge of the nation’s research needs, and better utilize the tremendous work being done by its faculty and students.”
The University is performing cutting-edge research on many homeland security issues. UD’s new cybersecurity initiative headed by national defense expert Starnes Walker will establish a pipeline of graduates with the skills required to address the evolving threats in cyberspace. UD is also home to world-class avian influenza research, as well as the Disaster Research Center and its specialized library containing the world’s most complete collection on the social and behavioral aspects of disasters.
Harker has been president of the University of Delaware since 2007, and came to UD after serving as dean of the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. He has previous experience with the federal government, having been named a White House Fellow in 1991 by President George H.W. Bush and serving from 1991-92 as a special assistant to FBI Director William S. Sessions.:
- Single zipped side pocket
- Easy access liquids & valuables pocket
- Grab handles
- Backpack harness carry straps
- Reinforced base
- Zippered stash pocket
- Weight: 0.77 kg
- Maximum Dimensions (cm): 55 (l) x 35 (w) x 20 (d)
- Main Fabric: 420D Nylon Hex Diamond RipstopMy girlfriend and I stayed here on a Saturday night, just for one night. Please note that this is our one and only encounter with this hotel, and our review is based soley on this one encouter.
Located in an industrial area of Leeds, but the city centre is easily reached on foot (15 mins), or alternatively there is a bus stop very close by. Check-in was very unwelcoming and akward, zero professionalism. Parking spaces were tight, and scarce. Our room (11) was a decent size, and everything worked, but it was a bit grotty, especially the bathroom, which not only had no lock, it had no stay-shut mechanism! ...Good shower though.
Our room looked out on to the back court yard, a court yard which as it turns out, houses people of which we had very little in common with! They were loud, lairy, and had terminal insomnia. Their 'partying' continued until 5am, most of which took part outside, in the court yard, near our window, and our parked car. Safe to say we got little to no sleep.
We were so happy when we checked out, got to our car, and got out of there.
I don't mean to be harsh to anybody's business, but when there is paint missing off walls, I think 'just give it a quick lick of paint!' Put a latch on the bathroom door, etc etc.
Also, have a word with the 'people' who reside at the other side of the court yard as well, they are not doing you any favours.
Rant over, enjoy your stay.
- Reservation Options:
- TripAdvisor is proud to partner with Booking.com, 5viajes2012 S.L. and LateRooms so you can book your Brookfield Hotel reservations with confidence. We help millions of travellers each month to find the perfect hotel for both holiday and business trips, always with the best discounts and special offers.
- Also Known As:
- Brookfield Hotel LeedsNo doubt you know who Donald Trump is! Just tune in to ‘The Apprentice’ if you don’t.
So is his Trump Network the answer to wealth & prosperity?
It’s interesting that the great high flying business man would stake his reputation so firmly on a Network Marketing company, even to the point of naming if after himself! Still he named all of his other empires after him, so why not this as well. Obviously he believes in Network Marketing and quite rightly so. More millionaires are created in this industry than any other.
Although there has been massive hype about this opportunity over the last year or so, it’s basically just another health supplement mlm company. I’ve got nothing against them, but we need to face up to the fact it’s a very….shall we say..densely populated industry, with some very stiff competition.
What Makes The Trump Network Different?
One thing that differentiates The Trump Network from others is the PrivaTest, this is a revolutionary system that takes a snapshot of three important metabolic markers to determine the status of your nutritional health in these areas. After its analyzed you will be presented with a vitamin & mineral programme that is specifically tailored to your body and lifestyle.
Pretty cool! Sometimes it’s a bit of a hit and miss affair determining exactly what our bodies need to perform at their optimum, so adding some science to it is very welcome in my eyes.
The trouble with a lot of these health & vitamin companies is that you can get the same (or better) pills or juice at the local health store for less money. At least with The Trump Network you are getting laser focused nutrients which adds great strength to the opportunities appeal and marketability.
In comparison to ‘The Donald’s‘ other business ventures this network seems rather small fry and insignificant, it certainly had many people scratching their heads and wondering what the heck Donald was up to. But you can’t avoid the fact the there are people having some good success with this company.
Network marketing IS a professional business and can make BIG money, but only for an elite few (sorry maybe you didn’t want to hear that, but it’s the truth)
How To Make Money With The Trump Network help ‘convince’ them to join up.
There will be countless hopefuls jumping on board hoping to rise to the top of the compensation plan and claim their fame & prosperity, only to be sorely disappointed when they still haven’t made any money after 3 months. It’s the way it works in this industry. Don’t be fooled by the ‘big players’ who seem to be able to recruit droves of people overnight into the next new deal. The fact is that they have been in the game for a while and probably have a database of 20,000 or more prospects that already trust and respect them.
Just jumping on a new deal won’t make you any richer than the last new deal you jumped on. It takes some SERIOUS dedication and work to make it in this industry.
Here are 5 things you MUST be doing in your Network Marketing business if you are going to succeed:
1) Spend most of your time building relationships & sponsoring
2) Generate your own leads (30+ a day)
3) Use an automated sales funnel THAT PROMOTES YOU NOT YOUR COMPANY
4) Present your opportunity to people on the BACKEND & preferably on auto-pilot
5) Earn residual and promotional income from people who DO NOT join your business
Just keep doing those things on a daily basis and you can’t go far wrong.
Whether you are in, or going to be in The Trump Network, just make sure you’re armed with the tools and knowledge that you need to make this work. I’ve put together some exclusive training to show you EXACTLY how to achieve the 5 points I’ve mentioned. If you are serious about your business enter your Name & Email address below and start your journey to success (the training is free)In brief, the standard academic critique of mChristmas is that it trivializes our emotions with false and shallow sentimentality, and helps to foster a culture of greed, commercialism, excess, and rampant spending on things we neither need or want. No observer of the contemporary Christmas season can deny that there really is much false sentimentality and corrupt consumerism at Christmas time. This is true and those things are rightly condemned.
The problem is that academics are very narrow-minded. They reduce everything to a singular phenomenon, a unified purpose, and they are often incapable of seeing outside the colored goggles of their favorite ideology. In general, anything enjoyed by a majority of people is frowned upon and dismissed by the professors who sit atop their ivory towers feeling smug and superior, above the common and duped rabble.
They might try looking more deeply.
I know few - if any - people who are really concerned with presents and hallmark card sentimentality. Most people find Christmas a time to remind them that what matters most in life is Peace on Earth and Good Will toward all. Yes these phrases have been abused and over used. That does not drain them of their meaning.
Christmas reminds us to cherish our loved ones, to value our relationships, to reach out to those in need. Undoubtedly we should do this all year long. We should always value our relationships, cherish our loved ones, help the poor and needy. No doubt the pretentious critics of Christmas will bellow at me that "we don't need a special day for this stuff! We should always bear peace and good will." Indeed we should. But reminders help.
A special season devoted to what is best in human nature is a reminder to always be our best. We too easily get lost in the hustle of everyday life. Setting aside a day, indeed, an entire "season" to remember what matters most in life, can be a powerful motivator for the rest of the year.
By all means let us damn consumerism. Let us fight false sentimentality tooth and nail and refuse to participate in it. But this is only a superficial surface. What Christmas has always been about is none of these vile things.
This Christmas let us turn to the message of Peace, Joy, Love, and Good Will that Christmas is really all about. Let us join Ebenezer Scrooge and learn to honor Christmas in our hearts and keep it all the year.
The VitalHealth Software Suite offers solutions for all aspects of Population Health Management. We offer both integrated and stand-alone solutions to realize Population Health Management within your organization. All our solutions are based on our own VitalHealth Platform: the first true health IT application development environment.
Automate the interaction of multiple providers to serve patients with multiple conditions.
Supports patient engagement, patient activation and shared decision making.
Improving patient care through the use of objective and actionable data.
Outcomes are what matters, to patients, providers and payers.
Request Demonstration
Submit Information
Software for Actionable Population Health Management
VitalHealth Software Corp. 250 Marquette Ave, Suite 550 Minneapolis, MN 55401
Toll free: +1 (877) 340-3647 Contact usZebra unveils healthcare solutions at GITEX
Solutions firm to demo mobility, cloud, IoT offerings
ZEBRA Technologies is looking to focus on the healthcare vertical with its offerings to do with mobility, cloud and the Internet of Things (IoT) at this year’s GITEX TECHNOLOGY WEEK. The company offers products and solutions that provide real-time visibility into organisations’ digital assets, people and transactions.
Zebra is showing off its barcode and RFID technology expertise that it gleaned from its recent acquisition of Motorola Solutions. This, the company hopes, is helping to position the company strongly in smart mobile computing and IoT for the enterprise. The combined organisations now offer integrated visibility and connectivity solutions for the retail, healthcare, manufacturing, and transportation and logistics industries.
Zebra is also using this year’s show to unveil mobile and compact desktop printer solutions for the Middle East, along with applications targeting the region’s growing healthcare sector.
The new product line-up includes the first desktop printer to be designed for sterile environments — Zebra’s full line-up of disinfectant-ready healthcare printers are complemented by the recently launched QLn mobile solutions for specimen collection, and wristband printers, as part of an ongoing commitment to improve patient safety in healthcare operations.
“Zebra is committed to providing innovative technologies from smart printers to real-time tracking technologies to help organisations gain better visibility into their operations, which resonates across all sectors in the region,” says Pratik Kajaria, Territory Manager, Middle East, Zebra.
“Our key sector in the GCC is healthcare and with a particular emphasis on the UAE and Saudi Arabia,” he adds.
- JOIN THE DISCUSSION
- Add YoursI only see hospital life now from the patients side, so I follow a few “blogs” posted by the professionals still active in the health service.
One I follow is by a community midwife who has been in the profession for many years and I can hardly recognise the way the service is being run now.
I started my training in May 1963. I had enjoyed my year out, but found that I was missing nursing so applied, and was accepted, for the 6 month training for CMB part one. This would give me the obstetric training I would need if I wanted to practise in some other countries, or, in some hospitals to obtain a sister’s post.
At that time I had no plans to become a practising midwife for which I would have to do another 6 months for CMB part 2. I think there was a scheme for a longer training for those who had not done general training first, but all the midwives and pupils I met were SRNs so I don’t know anything about that scheme.
There were about 25 of us in the May intake and this was where I met multi-culturism for the first time. The other pupils were from Africa, West Indies, Malaysia, Hong Kong, India and just 5 from the UK!
We started in the schoolroom again and had lectures in great detail on the anatomy of the female pelvis and breast and the foetal skull, the mechanics of labour etc. etc. We also spent every Monday evening having lectures.
During the 6 months we had to observe 10 normal deliveries and do a minimum of 10 deliveries, under the supervision of the midwife assigned as our mentor, and enter them in our case books. The casebooks were sent to the CMB to be assessed at the end of the course. We also had written exams and a viva.
I decided that I liked midwifery, so did part 2. Passing this would entitle me to become a certified midwife and practise in my own right.
We did 3 months in hospital (again with more lectures and another 10 deliveries under supervision) and then 3 months on the district.
We were assigned a district midwife each as our mentors for the next three months. Most were working from their own homes but a few of us went to midwives hostels where a group of midwives lived and worked. I went to one in North London which served an area around Archway and The Whittington Hospital. There were four midwives and four pupils.
In those days there were many more home births, in fact you had to have a reason for a hospital confinement, medical, obstetric or social.
It was very hard work on the district with long hours but I really enjoyed it. We had one clear day off a week and one half day ( it was just my bad luck that this coincided with the evening we had lectures :)) and the rest of the time we were on call 24 hours!
We started the morning work about 8.30 am. We visited all post natal patients for a minimum of 10 days, twice a day for four days and then just once a day if everything was progressing normally. After the post natal visits we did the ante natal visits to see if the home conditions were suitable for home delivery, or to visit those nearing their due dates to deliver their delivery packs of surgical necessities and to ensure they had everything ready for the delivery.
Once a week we had an ante- natal clinic and once a week post- natal and baby clinic in the afternoons, so we got to know the patients very well and they got to know us, which made it more relaxing for them when we turned up at 2 am for the labour and birth.
In the evening we did the second visits of the day for the first four days. After that our time was our own, unless of course someone went into labour! Once they were in labour they had either a pupil with them or the midwife and we were both there for the delivery. The GP usually called in , but didn’t stay unless there was a problem. In case of emergency there was a special obstetric ambulance service available within minutes.
We rode around on bicycles and carried our “famous” black bags on the front and the gas and air machines on the back. Many of the patients went into labour at night, but I never had any reason to fear travelling those streets at night, even the roughest parts, because in those days we never heard about mindless people attacking the emergency services, (the general public would have been more likely to attack anyone molesting us :))
When I heard how the service is now run, and how few home visits are being proposed, I could hardly believe it. Of course there are some fortunate women who can have a normal healthy baby and return to normal life very quickly, but there are many who develope symptoms, be they minor or major, several days later. These can often be dealt with easily if done promptly, but can cause serious problems if left untended.
The physical problems were only one part of post natal visits, we were also able to allay fears, dispel “old wives tales” and establish healthy routines for the babies.
At the end of the three months we did another written exam and submitted our casebooks of deliveries and a written assessment from our midwife.
After a month of anxious waiting I received the letter informing me that I had satisfied the CMB and was now a State Certified Midwife and entitled to practise in my own right…. providing I fulfilled all the legal requisites and informed all the right authorities!
I think we were lucky to practise at this time when we had so little interference from bureaucrats, no artificial targets and the service was run for the benefit of the patients, not to compete in “market forces”
February 9, 2010 at 8:57 pm
doggonedmysteries
“the service was run for the benefit of the patients, not to compete in “market forces””
Darned shame it’s not run that way today. I am fascinated with reading this. Do keep it coming. 🙂
February 10, 2010 at 4:45 pm
Granny Anne
I would be interested to know how our NHS compares with your health provision, as we are constantly told by opponents of the NHS that everything is wonderful in other countries, brilliant doctors, caring nurses, no untrained personnel on the “front line”etc. 🙂
February 11, 2010 at 12:17 am
doggonedmysteries
As far as here in the US, if you don’t have insurance you are screwed. If you do have insurance, you’re still screwed. Caring nurses? I’ve found very few. Brilliant doctors? I have my reservations about that too. Not all are brilliant and a few I met during baby sis’s long battle with breast cancer, were below sub par. Then there are the nursing home people I met when DH’s mother was in one. I’d like to see their credentials because I find it difficult to believe they were trained. Does that help your view?
February 11, 2010 at 5:32 pm
Granny Anne
Thanks, that gives me a bit more balanced view than the one the media usually give. 🙂What does the manual say?.
If all else fails, post on the Pentax SLR forum.Chris R..
I have never really thought about it so I want back and looked at the EXIF data on some shots that I took with AE bracketing on my Olympus E510. It appears that, at least in the Oly, the ISO is always fixed. However BOTH the shutter speed and F stop are changed. I usually use A mode so I don't know what happens if you use AE bracketing in S mode or M mode or Auto mode. I may play with it just to see. If I get time today I'll post the results for you..
JimOlympus E-510 and a bunch of stuff to hang on it...
1. I looked at EXIF data and it's looks like shooter speed changes 3000,1500 and 750.
In one sequence. Unfortunately I used manual lens (Helios 44-2 58mm/f2) in manual mode.So, almost all parameters values are blank..
2. I looked in manual and didn't find answer on my Q.What happend if camera works in Av, Tv and other modes? Just curious..
BTW. Lens is cheap, isn't so good for landscaping photo but IQ very good..
Thank you all for inputs..
Try the Pentax forum - you should get more help there. Make sure you include your camera model in the post.Chris R..
AKozik wrote:.
I was playing around with my favorite toy Pentax DSLR and onequestion came cross my mind.How AE adjustment works?Back in old film ages cameras (I am not sure if I correct) inbracketing mode camera made 3-5 shots with different shooter speedsor aperture. Now digital age and what digital cameras setting ischanged when I put camera in bracket mode?.
It should be changing the shutter speed when using A and the aperture when using S, just like in the old days..
Shooter speed? No, doesnt looks like. Maybe it variants amplifyingsignal ratio from pixel sensor ?If so, it is looks like ISO bracketing. But if I work at edge camerasetting 100 or 3200-6400 maybe it wont works? It is rare situation,.
That would be ISO bracketing..
My camera has exposure bracketing, ISO bracketing and white balance bracketing. I don't know what yours has but you need only look in your menus and check what type of bracketing you have it set for...
I guess I missed this post before replying:.
AKozik wrote:.
1. I looked at EXIF data and it's looks like shooter speed changes3000,1500 and 750in one sequence. Unfortunately I used manual lens (Helios 44-258mm/f2) in manual mode.So, almost all parameters values are blank..
2. I looked in manual and didn't find answer on my Q.What happend if camera works in Av, Tv and other modes? Just curious..
Like in the old days, with M, it changes the shutter speed. Obviously. You just proved that. If you want it to change the aperture with bracketing, then use S...
It is more serious then I thought.And as Chris R-UK told me I would post it on Pentax SLR forum.But for people who already involved in this post I can say following:1. I have K20D but for this moment I have only old Helios..
2. Camera has extended brackets for WB, Saturation, Hue, Contrast, Sharpness and "Regular" bracket.3. There are conventional Tv, Av, Program (Could be 4 variants) and "special"Sv (ISO), TAv (Tv+Av)..
Because camera has no idea what lens attached it always work in Av or Manual mode..
So for now, I do not know what happened if camera will pair with modern lens..
Logically, in "regular" bracket mode, it should be variation around current shooting mode, but I will check it when DA 12-24 arrived...In a weekend of over eating and craziness I tend to register for a few races to give me permission to eat more pie. This weekend started with the Run4Pie. Seriously. 3.14 miles and a pumpkin pie at the finish line. I, of course, didn’t read the directions on the pie until it was too late and it ended up being a soupy mess which I slid into the oven for it to become a singed mess later. With enough whipped cream you’d never notice (or at least that’s what I keep telling Mr Grumpy).
Anyway, back to the race. This race cracks me up because it is full of pie puns. The planners are either drinking while putting this race together or are seriously sleep deprived. There’s whipped cream shooters at mile three (to give you enough energy for that last .14 mile. Or to throw-up which what would be the case for me. I DIDN’T throw-up, but I would have if I tried to eat something so sweet while running.), live turkeys at the finish line (which did NOT look happy), and crazy people out to run on Thanksgiving morning. I’m seriously thinking that if they released those turkeys we’d all have run faster, or we’d all run faster to try to catch them, or…nevermind that would just be mayhem and possibly a health hazard.
In the spirit of a holiday “fun run” I decided that I needed to dress for the occasion. I found this awesome hat in October just for this weekend:
Today was the Schaumburg Turkey Trot. The turkey (the one on my hat, not the live ones) made his way out again (although today I pinned him to my hat. No more messing with the turkey while running). Mr Grumpy decided to go with me (he doesn’t run, but holds my stuff) and was being, well, grumpy. I wanted to up my game so I added one of these puppies to my “fun run” attire.
These “gobble” when you shake them. Slow runners in front of me: GOBBLE! Walkers who start too far in the front of the pack and won’t move over: GOBBLE! Adolescents handing you water saying “great job” when your lungs feel like they are going to fly out of your chest in frozen blocks of goo: GOBBLE! People complementing you on your hat: GOBBLE! Friends who pick on your hat: GOBBLE! Well, you get the idea.
Of course Mr Grumpy could not believe I was wearing the hat OR taking the gobbler (he so doesn’t get it). On the way to the race (with a little side trip for coffee and a sandwich) he put on Jump Around to which I added a gobble gobble at the end of each phrase. Good thing we waited until after for the coffee or it would have been sprayed on my dashboard. Always good to make the grumpmeister laugh!
Jump Around Turkeys!New
South on 16
22 exclusive townhomes conveniently located within minutes of the beach, shopping, dining, community amenities and schools
Condos at the Heights
Contemporary new condominium residences located in the heart of Grandview Heights
778.545.8737
Evolve
The evolution of townhome living...four bedroom finely appointed townhomes in South Surrey
Project Listings
Foster Martin
A thriving urban community with everything you desire for mind, body and soul, near the beach.
Featured Developments
Olivia
57 new townhomes designed with craftsman character featuring steeply pitched rooflines, mullioned windows and gable trusses
DAWSON'S CREEK
3 & 4 bedroom townhomes nestled on a salmon bearing creek featuring shingle style architecture, side-by-side parking, dual his and hers sinks, and main floor powder rooms
EDGEWOOD GATE
96 three-storey, open concept single family homes now selling at 166 Street and 21st Avenue in the Grandview Heights neighbourhood
SOHO by Zenterra
New two, three & four bedroom townhomes featuring rooftop patios and expansive views in Grandview Heights
604.560.0272
Zirkon
This enclave of 46 luxurious homes feature spacious 3 bedroom plus den plans averaging 1500 sq.ft
Westside
A stunning new collection of 53 premium single family homes
604.372.0383
South Surrey & White Rock New Homes, New Condos and New Home Developments
Pacific Heights
New show home open daily
12 - 5pm
A luxury collection of 28 estate single family homes
South Point Walk
New South Point Walk Phase 2 homes coming soon
15188 29A Avenue, Surrey 604.560.3238
More Details
Dawson's Creek
Three and four bedroom townhomes ranging in size from 1300 - 1800 square feet
16321 15 Avenue, South Surrey
Edgewood Gate
A collection of 96 three-storey, open concept single family homes now selling at 166 Street and 21st Avenue in the Grandview Heights neighbourhood
Newport
A new condo development currently under construction on Marine Drive in White Rock
604.536.0256
More Details
Hudson
A collection of new 3 & 4 bedroom parkside townhomes coming this fall to vibrant South Surrey
Notting Hill
A collection of 49 new townhomes and garden suites by Royale Properties Ltd
778.291.2828
Headlines
The Eagles
A collection of 2, 3 + 4 bedroom townhomes situated directly on a Bald Eagle conservation area in an ideal South Surrey location. Homes feature shingle style architecture, dual his and hers sinks, and main floor powder rooms. More Details
Hycroft 2
Large 4-bedroom new rowhomes with walkout patios and fenced yards in South Surrey's Grandview Heights neighbourhood
16467 24 Avenue, South Surrey 604.541.2495
Plateau at Grandview Heights New Show Now Open!
Efficiently designed three-bedroom single family homes in Grandview Heights
Open Daily 12 - 5pm
604.560.6438
Westpointe
An exquisite collection of 49 new single-family homes in South Surrey’s beautiful Ocean Park neighbourhood
604.833.9193
Old School by Dawson + Sawyer
A new collection of townhomes situated in an ideal South Surrey location, within walking distance to everything and centrally located on major transit + commuter routes
15268 28 Avenue, South Surrey
OLD SCHOOL BY DAWSON + SAWYER
A collection of townhomes situated in an ideal South Surrey location. Homes are entertainment sized and kitchens come standard with imported quartz countertops, under cabinet task lighting, gas range and an under-mount sink. More Details
The Crossing
67 spacious and thoughtfully conceived 2, 3, and 4 bedroom townhomes that back onto a protected green space
604.542.2883
The Collection at Orchard Grove
18 inspired new single family homes in South Surrey
The Belcroft
A collection of 41 new duplexes and fourplexes featuring over 2500 sq ft of living space in South Surrey
15977 26 Avenue, South Surrey 604.568.8830
South Ridge Club by Adera
Experience the privilege of membership at South Ridge Club - a tight-knit community with a country club feel
30 - 2215 160 Street, Surrey 604.582.1113Informationen zur Tour The Birmehl trail
Tour Hauptmerkmale
- Duration
- 1:00 h
- Distance
- 3.4km
- Altitude
- 180 m
- Altitude
- 180 m
- Max. height
- 957 m
Directions
The »Birmehl« Trail starts at the village square in Verdings and leads over the dry meadow on the south side of Church Hill down to
the hamlet of Pardell and from there up to the beautifully situated Moar zu Viersch farmstead. It returns to the starting-point via an old cobblestone path. Verdings, a settlement belonging to the community of Klausen, is located on the sunny side of the Eisack Valley and has a populace of approx. 500. St. Valentine is the patron saint of the Hill Church. The first documented mention of the church was in the year 1202. It originally had a basic Romanic appearance (the tower), but was given Gothic characteristics during the second half of the 14th century (see the cross-ribbed vault).
Starting point
Target point
Specificity
Stations at the trail
3. Dry meadow on Church Hill
This sunny, dry, and sometimes steppe-like habitat represents a preserve for species of rare plants and animals. At numerous places on the surface, outcroppings of the underlying quartz phyllite (a metamorphic mineral) can be seen. In order to survive the dry conditions, plants have adapted and evolved special growth forms: Thick coats of hairs, thorny and leathery leaves, water-storage structures, and deep roots.
4. The »Gönna« chestnut forest
The chestnut tree is the characteristic tree of this forest and is found throughout the medium-altitude mountains of the Eisack, on the sunny side. For centuries, the chestnut tree has given the landscape its unique look. The fruit of the chestnut is very nutritious and good-tasting. In the local German dialect, chestnuts are called »Keschtn«, and are the property of the farmers. For centuries, they were an important dietary supplement (»Bread that grows on trees«). Today, they are sold commercially, are an essential part of the quaint custom of »Törggelen«, or are employed in gourmet recipes.
6. Moar zu Viersch
The handsome country estate Moar (Mayr) zu Viersch (870 meters above sea-level) was purchased from Bishop Albuin of Brixen in A.D. 990. For centuries, it supplied produce to the High Monastery. From 1645 to 1879, it was the property of the Lords of Troyer. In 1720, they built St. Catherine's Chapel. In 1878, the group of farmsteads of zu Viersch went up in flames and was then rebuilt as you see it today.
7. Birmehl
In days past, Verdings was often derisively referred to as the »Birmehl village«. This very rustic hamlet acquired this nickname because there were so many pear-trees (German: Birne = pear) here. From some varieties of pears, pear flour (German: »Birmehl«) was made. The pears were either cored or left whole and then dried to form so-called »clumps«. The pears were dried in the sun – often, after baking bread, the oven's residual heat was used to dry them. In the wintertime, the »clumps« were allowed to freeze and then ground to make »pear flour«. In the past, pear flour was used as a substitute for sugar, which was very expensive. Pear flour was used to fill pastries, as a sweetener, or was sprinkled over a buttery wheat/ buckwheat porridge.
8. Bangert
In the local German dialect, the term »Bangert« (or »Bamgart«) refers to a demarcated plot of land on which various varieties of apples, pears, plums, and berries are cultivated. In Verdings, four of these orchards (characteristic for this landscape) can still be found near the farmsteads of Hintner, Brunner, Rungger, and Gosser. These orchards are home to very rare cultivars of apples and pears (including such varieties as the Köstliche, Kalterer Böhmer, Gold Pearmain, Plattlinger, Lederer, Stoanpepeller, the Kanada, etc.).
Parking
Verdignes/Verdins
Public transportation
Reach Chiusa/Klausen with the train, continue by bus until Verdignes/Verdins.
Directions
Drive at the A22 in direction of the Chiusa/Klausen. Now follow the signs to Verdignes/Verdins and drive through Velturno/Feldthurns.
Source
Editor's review
Condition
Technique
Experience
Landscape
Recommended
- Jan
- Feb
- Mar
- Apr
- May
- Jun
- Jul
- Aug
- Sep
- Oct
- Nov
- Dec
Tab for photos and ratingsThis ‘Daler Bora’ is nothing but lentil fritter which is one of the most haves in our family on ‘Niramish’ or veg days. Now a days making this ‘Daler Bora’ is no big deal as there are various types of mixer grinder available in market. Gone those days when ‘Thakuma’ used to grind this overnight soaked ‘Dal’ on ‘Shil-Nora’! But somehow I feel the taste of those ‘Borars’ were far better than now. Because for grinding in a mixer one need to add a little water but in ‘Shil-Nora’ you can make the paste without adding any water. And that makes a difference in the consistency of ‘Dal bata’ (lentil paste) as well as taste. But nothing could be done!
This is a super easy recipe. Just have to make the paste…. Then fritters…. And the gravy! But care has to be taken while adding water as fritters absorbs water and size of the fritters also increases after absorbing water. The gravy is not runny but enough to coat the fritters. So this is how I made the ‘Daler Borar Jhal’……
Ingredients
For making the fritters: (15-16 fritters)
Motor Dal or Yellow Split Peas – 200 gms
Red Chillie Powder – ½ tsp
Turmeric Powder – ½ tsp
For making the gravy:
Mustard Seed Paste – 4 tsp
Green Chillies – 4-5
Red Chillie Powder – ½ tsp
Cumin Powder – ½ tsp
Turmeric Powder – 1 tsp
Salt – To taste
2 tsps Mustard Oil – For frying the fritters +
Steps
- Soak Matar Dal (Yellow Split Peas) in water overnight or for 5-6 hours.
- In a grinder add the soaked lentils and make a smooth paste.
- Beat the lentil paste with your hand for 2-3 minutes till everything is well mixed up adding salt.
- Now add 2-3 tsp of oil in a non stick frying pan. Add a tablespoonful of lentil paste on the pan keeping space in between. Always keep the heat at medium-low. Once one side turns golden brown and crisp turn the other side. Make all the flitters in batches adding a little oil each time.
- Heat 2 tsp of oil in a kadai or wok. Add slitted green chillies.
- Next add turmeric powder, cumin powder and red chillie powder. Stir for few seconds and then add 1 cup water.
- When the water starts boiling add mustard seed paste.
- Adjust salt. Now add all the fritters. Keep this in mind that fritters absorb water so keep the gravy a little runny. Cook for 5-6 minutes in low heat.
- Serve with steamed rice.
Note:
~ if you wish you may add little ‘kalo jeere’ or nigella seeds with the lentil batter.
Advertisements Yakinthos Hotel, you'll be within a 15-minute drive of Chania Lighthouse and Venetian Port. After splashing around at the outdoor pool, you can grab a bite to eat at the coffee shop/café or unwind with a drink at one of the 2 bars/lounges. A poolside bar and a seasonal outdoor pool are other highlights, and rooms offer furnished balconies and LCD TVs.You are a fan of forevers city ? Come to discover the best forums forevers city on the internet and share your experience with a community fan of forevers city . You can also build a forum forevers city and create your online discussion.
The Kansas City Branch
Where supporters of Tomione (the fanfic, the idea, etc.) congregate.
tomione, marvolo, riddle, lord, voldemort, hermione, granger, fanfiction, harry, potter, fanfic
The only forum exclusive to Wiimm-Fi players.
free, forum, wiimm-fi, forums, only, exclusive, players, openhost, user, portal, wiimmfi, mario, kart, super, smash, bros., brawl, strikers, charged, animal, crossing:, #city, folk, fortune, street, vwii
Role Playing Game based on the Hunger Games Trilogy
#city, kampfer, role, playing, game, based, hunger, games, trilogy
MCO Outcasts
miadoubledmx, motor, #city, outcasts
A Neverwinter Nights 2 Persistent World server
nerverwinter, nights, nwn2, persistant, world, role, play, #city, splendors, persistent, fantasy, dungeons, dragons, forgotten, realm, neverwinter
V20 Vampire game set in modern day Tacoma Washington
#city, destiny, vampire, game, modern, tacoma, washington
This site is not affiliated with Build-A-Bear Workshop or Bearville.
bearville, #city, bearvillecity, forum, build, bear, rares, bunny, glasses, grand, tiara, manager, items, workshop, maxine, chloerocks
A powerful entity claims patronage to each continent, with the lands' faithful inhabitants warring constantly with one another to claim the world for their own agenda.
polemos, forum, role, play, magic, fantasy, patronage, continent, lands, inhabitants, warring, constantly, claim, world, goddess, #city, machine, nature
AOrange County Fire Authority Capt. Eric Weuve jumped from an overpass on to a busy freeway and died in an apparent suicide, authorities said. Weuve, a 41-year-old father of two, leapt on to Interstate 5 on Tuesday, said Larry Kurtz, who is also a captain. (Orange County Fire Authority via AP)
Flags at OCFA stations and station 64 in Westminster fly at half-staff in honor of Fire Capt. Eric Weuve, 41, an 11-year veteran from Orange who jumped off the Crown Valley Parkway I-5 overpass on Tuesday morning and was killed by a big-rig. (Photo by Ken Steinhardt, Orange County Register/SCNG)
MISSION VIEJO – A 41-year-old man, a fire captain from Orange, jumped off the Crown Valley Parkway I-5 overpass on Tuesday morning and was killed by a big-rig, officials said.
The CHP got a call of a man scaling a the chain-link fence on the overpass about 11 a.m. Minutes later, he jumped and was hit.
The Orange County Fire Authority identified the man as Capt. Eric Weuve, an 11-year veteran who was based out of Fire Station 64 in Westminster.
“Weuve was a well-respected member of the Orange County Fire Authority, a wonderful father and will be missed not only in the OCFA community, but the community at large,” OCFA Capt. Larry Kurtz said. “The word tragedy just doesn’t do the situation justice.”
Kurtz says county firefighters saw a pickup truck with fire gear in it atop the overpass, and were stunned when they got down to the freeway and learned it was Weuve. He said OCFA chaplains were sent out and its Critical Incident Stress Debriefing Team was at the scene for support.
Kurtz said Weuve was a married father of a 14-year-old boy and a 5-year-old girl.
The incident halted freeway traffic in both directions between Oso and Avery parkways. The lanes were reopened at 12:10 p.m., Kurtz said.
County Supervisor Todd Spitzer adjourned Tuesday’s board meeting in Weuve’s honor.
“Incidents like this serve as a reminder the holidays are a very tough time for a lot of people, so just hope everybody spends a great time with their family and remind yourself and your family just how important and precious life is,” Spitzer said.
City News Service and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Contact the writer: npercy@scng.comThe Cars of Sean Diddy Combs
What’s in a name? He has been known as Puff Daddy, P. Diddy and Diddy, but Sean Combs has found success every which way. The rapper is also a record producer, media executive, musician, actor and businessman. He has a net worth of $550 million, making him the richest person in the hip hop genre.
Born in Harlem in New York, Combs first started working at Uptown Records. In 1993, he branched out on his own and established Bad Boy Records. His most notable signing was The Notorious B.I.G. These deals made Combs a rich man, as he was able to immensely profit from the success of his artists. Combs had an active hand in most of the records, joining in regularly to adlib on the song tracks and to dance in the music videos.
After the death of The Notorious B.I.G., Combs released his first album entitled “No Way Out.” The album was an instant success and was certified to be seven times platinum. The follow-up albums also sold well, including “Forever” in 1999, “The Saga Continues…” in 2001 and “Press Play” in 2006. He also headlined a group called Diddy – Dirty Money. The group released an album in 2009 called “Last Train to Paris.” The album proved to be both a critical darling and a commercial success.
He is currently the producer of the MTV show called “Making the Band.” Aside from three Grammy Awards and two MTV Music video Awards, Combs has also won an award from the Council of Fashion Designers of America for his clothing line called “Sean by Sean Combs.” He also has another clothing line called Sean John. He also bought a line of clothing from Liz Claiborne for $20 million called Enyce. He is also credited for the design of the alternate jersey being used by the Dallas Mavericks in the NBA.
Combs also used to own Justin’s, a restaurant named after his son. It had outlets in New York City and Atlanta, though the restaurants closed down in September 2007 and June 2012, respectively. He has also announced plans to open a business school in New York.
He is also a perfume designer, creating a brand called “I Am King” under the Sean John line. The perfume is actually a fragrance for men, with Combs dedicating it to Muhammad Ali, Barack Obama and Martin Luther King, Jr.
Combs also has an impressive collection of vehicles. Among his prized possessions are the following:
Lamborghini Gallardo Spyder
The Lamborghini Gallardo is a super car that boasts of a 5.2-liter V10 engine and six-speed transmission. The car was introduced in 2003, with the first models coming out in 2004. It is named after a famous line of fighting bulls and is the most-produced Lamborghini model to date. It is the car company’s leader when it comes to sales and serves as a more basic Lamborghini model alongside the Murcielago, which was built from 2001 to 2011, to the Aventador, the current main model of the Italian automaker. It is the successor to the old Lamborghini Jalpa. Diddy has a silver version of this supercar. He also gave his old white Gallardo Spyder to pop sensation Justin Bieber as a gift for the latter’s 16th birthday in 2010. The car costs $300,000.
Maybach 57
In 1997, a concept car called the Benz Maybach was introduced in the Tokyo Motor Show. The concept was based on the S-Class sedan of Mercedes Benz. The car was built by DaimlerChrysler AG to compete against the Arnage of Bentley and the Rolls Royce Phantom of BMW. The company had earlier tried to buy Rolls Royce and Bentley, but they were defeated in the bidding by Volkswagen. BMW eventually took control of the Rolls Royce brand after exercising its option to buy the British icon.
Maybach was then revived by DaimlerChrysler AG, which is now known as simply Daimler AG. Two models were released, the Maybach 62 and the Maybach 57. The Maybach 57 boasts of a 5.5-liter V12 engine. It also has a five-speed automatic transmission. It is the direct descendant of the Mercedes Benz 600.
Poor sales and consistent figures in the red, however, forced the company to shut down production of the vehicle in 2013. The Mercedes Benz W222 will replace this. While observers note that Mercedes failed to differentiate the Maybach from the other Mercedes Benz vehicles, company officials concluded that they would be better off selling cars under the Mercedes brand than that of Maybach.
The Maybach 57 was Diddy’s gift to his son. The gift came with a chaffeur in uniform as his son was not yet old enough to get a license. While critics noted the extravagance of the gift, Diddy argued that his son was an honor student and deserved an award. Besides, he noted that no one could tell him what rules to follow on how to raise his own children. It has already been involved in an accident when it was rear ended by a Rolls Royce Phantom outside a nightclub in New York City.
The car cost $360,000.
Rolls Royce Phantom Drophead Coupe
The Rolls Royce Phantom Drophead Coupe is a handmade convertible that is manufactured in the United Kingdom. While it is based on the platform of the 2003 Rolls Royce Phantom, its styling can be traced to that of the 100EX, a concept car that the company developed in 2004 to celebrate its 100th year. The two-door luxury vehicle can comfortably seat up to four passengers. It has a 6,749 cc, V12 engine and six-speed automatic transmission. It uses the iDrive system that was developed by BMW, its parent firm. The iconic Rolls Royce ornament on the hood, called the Spirit of Ecstasy, can be retracted whenever the driver chooses or whenever the car is locked. It has backward opening coach doors. It is the most expensive Rolls Royce currently in the market. Diddy has a white colored version of this that he uses regularly. The car costs $440,000.
- Ad Free Browsing
- Over 10,000 Videos!
- All in 1 Access
- Join For Free!Hunting Land near Tripoli and Tomahawk, WI
Check out this 80 acre parcel for less than $110k! Scroll down for details, then call or email.
Prime opportunity to secure your Northwoods getaway! Power is in at Willow Road. There is an existing woods road that runs north and south through the property with a few spur roads off that. The property consists of 50/50% mix of high and lowland, has a mix of nice red pine and jack plantation, young aspen, mixed conifers and Bootjack Creek runs through the western portion with a nice stand of northern hardwoods on the western side of the creek. Willow Road cuts through the east portion of the property and there are several hundreds of acres of state owned land adjacent to the east boundary.
See Full Listing Details
Mock Trial Program
3.Requirements for the Mock Trial Team:1. Current 6th or 7th grade student.2. Students should have no more than two Bs on their final Fall / Spring report cards and no more than two marks of S in work habits / cooperation. A student is ineligible if he/she has received an academic grade of C or below, or a U in work habits / cooperation.3. Completion of the Mock Trial team Application (due Friday, April 21).There will be a Mock Trial parent information meeting at 8am on April 4 in the Teacher’s lounge.Please address any further questions to Mr. Koretz in the Attendance Office.
Please address any further questions to Mr. Koretz in the Attendance Office.
Schedule & Contact.Description
Manly wooden comb for styling your hair and beard
Flaunt your style and take care of your hair with the Apothecary 87 TheManClub Barber Comb! Designed to glide smoothly through tangled locks, this comb is suitable for grooming both your hair and your beard.
Combing is much better for your hair than brushing. A comb will arrange each strand in only one direction whereas a brush will move hair in multiple directions and this can be damaging. Manly, stylish and effective, this wooden comb looks and feels the part and will enable you to control your style without stressing your hair. It’s the sensible choice for any man and will always serve you well.
Benefits
- Grooms hair and beards
- Glides through your hair
- Minimises damage
- Stylish and masculineSexy White Lace Hollow Out Tassels Swim Skirt For Women - White S
? Processing Time: The item will be shipped out within 3 business days.
SKU: 169023704
Sale Ends On:--/-- App-Only:$0.00
Shipping & Payment Return Policy
Related Recommendations
- Description
- Reviews
- Q & A
- WHOLESALE
- Converter: cm inch
- Converter: inch cm
Accessories: Without Bracelet
Material: Polyester
Bra Style: Unlined
Support Type: Wire Free
Pattern Type: Solid
Swimwear Type: Two-Pieces Separate
Waist: Natural
Weight: 0.0.Regular price: $24.95
Buy Now with 1 Credit
Buy Now for $24.95
If you could sum up 69: Sultry Short Erotic Stories of Need and Desire in three words, what would they be?
These talented authors present such a wide variety of HOT stories!! They vary in length with none overly long. There really is something for everyone at a price that can't be beat!! Can't recommend highly enough!!
What did you like best about this story?
Their explicit nature.
What about the narrators’s performance did you like?
Narration is done by a variety of people but all are done smoothly with emotion and proper inflection to convey the intended mood.
Did you have an extreme reaction to this book? Did it make you laugh or cry?
Yes but laughing or crying were not exactly the resultant reaction.
Any additional comments?
You won't be sorry using a book credit on this gem.
2 of 2 people found this review helpful
A very wide variety of super hot Roddick short stories. Read by a multitude of narrators, all of whom did a superb job. This is a great collection of short ultra steamy stories.
1 of 1 people found this review helpfulConfiguration Management
style2
Optimize For Success
AGILE CONFIGURATION MANAGEMENT
Promote Continuous Integration
Service Experience
ASSYST’s Agile CM solutions provide clients with source control, build automation, test automation, and continuous integration.
Why ASSYST?
ASSYST provides source control solutions that support frequent check-in and check-out procedures for code sets, automated versioning, rollback, and tagging.
“ASSYST is receiving the Performance Excellence Award as recognition of high customer satisfaction, work ethic, integrity and professionalism.”
--- Ambassador, DOS/CA/CST
PLANNING
Eliminating Bottlenecks
Service Experience
ASSYST’s approach involves planning the functional components of CM including item identification and planning, item storage, versioning and change control, status accounting, and audit and review.
Why ASSYST?
Our CM plans for large and complex operating environments eliminate bottlenecks and ease rigid controls.
“ASSYST has been selected to receive the OD Merit Honor Award. Your efforts are exemplary and benefit the NIH”
--- NIH
IDENTIFICATION
Optimize for Best Performance
Service Experience
Our expertise includes configuration item metadata registration, establishing conventions for unique identification, registering the relationships between configuration items, and using tools and technology to automate the identification process.
Why ASSYST?
ASSYST has successfully defined and implemented identification conventions using open tools for Agile development teams in a way that reduces waste and shortens lead time.
“I would like to extend my sincere congratulations and appreciation for your efforts in earning USAACE several of the Best of AKO Awards. Thank you for your professionalism and dedication to USAACE and Fort Rucker.”
--- U.S. Army Aviation
CONTROL
Release Early and Often
Service Experience
Our solution supports the continuous integration environment by automatically and continuously checking that builds pass all unit tests, integration, tests, and regression test.
Why ASSYST?
We manage and control complex, heavily regulated or highly customized systems by ensuring that the software delivered meets the exact specifications.
“ASSYST is actively remediating issues, reporting as expected, and providing the services as required - all at an exceptional level.”
--- Director, Veterans Affairs
STATUS ACCOUNTING
Keeping Track of Changes
Service Experience
ASSYST implements status accounting solutions that measure the current state of a release and we automate the traceability function.
Why ASSYST?
ASSYST’s approach enables Agile team to track the complete history of a software product at any time during its lifecycle.
“The quality of workmanship exceeded expectations …ASSYST was extremely qualified in the use of all Coast Guard software, tools and.”
--- U.S. Coast Guard
AUDITING
Process and Assure
Service Experience
ASSYST’s configuration audit services evaluate areas of CM, such as the planning and identification process, control, status accounting, and verification and validation of requirements that are traceable to test results.
Why ASSYST?
ASSYST provides expert-level capability performing CM auditing services that assure clients that the software and systems in development are achieving the performance functionality as intended.
“ASSYST was diligent in all duties assigned and went over and above in assisting with resolving issues affecting the Spinal Cord Injury & Disorders systems."
--- Veterans Affairs
TECHNOLOGY INTEGRATION
Automate to Succeed
Service Experience
ASSYST specializes in CM tools integration in areas such as planning, identification, change control, automated testing, build automation, and release management.
Why ASSYST?
ASSYST improves CM processes by integrating tools and technology, and by automating the CM processes to increase quality and speed.
“All the credit truly belongs to the outstanding work accomplished by ASSYST. They were dedicated to completing this effort and accomplished it through professionalism and teamwork.”
--- National Guard Bureauchinese woman sex
ladies wants casual encounters
germany dating
Horny Adult Sex Dating - Married? You should read this.
relationship dating advice
TOP
Ernestine
Single | I search teen fuck | Gore
CONTRACT MARRIAGE 4 FEMALE MARINE.
need a warm tongue to relax me looking for discreet gentleman to come over and relax me a little later. I haven't been touched in while was going through breakup but now im single again and ready to be touched. no married men bj swap like to swap blowjobs this,,,,afternoon,,,, can meet on mountian,,,,,,, or cum to your place x ; x mt,,,,, or x i am x uncut,,,,,thick,,,,shaved cock ,,,,,, always horny,, slim men only BBC? Do u have a BBC? Sexy body and handsome face to go with it??? Ur my man!!! Hit me up!!
Naughty teens searching sensual massage
Joleen | I wants vip sex
Let me fuck you hard and put you away wet. roof you were on the roof, tell me what you wanted to sleep in, cryptic I know, but you know who you are. I wanted to see more... SBM Seeking SWF... ANY ATTRACTIVE, CLEAN, AND DDF WF THAT WOULD LIKE TO GO OUT ON DATE? DINNER, naughty housewife Bangor Maine DRINKS, AND WHATEVER ELSE HAPPENS FROM THERE. I'M HANDSOME, INDEPENDENT, CAREER-ORIENTED, AND CLEAN. ME AND SEND A . LET ME KNOW YOUR INTEREST... Looking for love? While I know that this is probably a waste of time I'm going to give it a shot. First about me, I'm x ', green eyes, short brown hair, avg build. I work full time, have a great job, making good money. I own my own home and have my own cars. I support myself and dont rely on any xxx I work hard, I like to have fun. I am a caring person and im not shelfish in anyway. I care about who i am with and take pride in trying to make then happy. Looking for someone to spend some time with and get to know. Just want someone to come home to or someone to talk to and see where is goes. I like to consider myself good looking,
naked Kentucky girls
swinging senior couples Pine Bluff dress good, very clean. When reply put love in the subject line and please include a pic.
hey all of you ladies out there
Horney girl wants ads for sex
Seeking marriage with a mexican man. Horny black girls wants granny sex Denver horny ladies mature single looking casual teens.
Tweet
Naomi | Want nsa
Couple looking for a ltr with third must be bi. Feeling Lonely Was in a relationship for about a year, didn't work out. I work long hours and haven't had a chance to go out and meet someone new. I am educated, fuck local women from Daydream Island shuttle ride independent, and very fun. I am full figured, Hispanic, big lips, brown eyes, long brown hair. Looking for a man between x - x that is financially stable, enjoys good company,
free Tacoma al chat lines
fuck women Burstall, Saskatchewan and has a good sense of humor. Please send a and I'll send xxx back. Cure my .
wanting you Tucson
Older married looking fucking ladies
STRAP PEGGING STRAPON WOMAN WANTED FOR MUSCLE MALE. Horny guys horney matches girls for sex Kalgoorlie-Boulder .
Tweet
Sibyl | I am looking real dating
Looking for my discreet women .. Serious people only!!!! I'm on here looking to make new friends. I go to college and work part time. I'm outgoing and I know how to have a good time. I have friends of all colors shapes and sizes so i don't care about what you look like. If your not looking to build a new friendship and hanging out then don"t waste my time emailing me. I'm medium brown skin black and half Spanish long hair average weight and pretty. email me with a pic. And we will exchange numbers from there to chat and go from there.
single parent dating wahiawa hawaii
Local pussy seeking sex with granny
Huge cock adult swingerss Night-fun needed. Horny grannies searching relationship advice chat casual encounters in Laneburg Arkansas blonde wanting want sex tonight.
Tweet
Sex hookup ready dating love free nude women roswell
Madalyn | Wanting sex date
Hoping theres an oral woman in Scottsdale tonight. passionate kiss *** after a few chance meetings you walk up to me and slip a piece of paper with your number in my hands; im so grateful you noticed me that when our eyes meet we share a most passionate kiss...a kiss so heavenly the world stops for a moment...and i know theres noone else in the world i want to be with. uncontrollable urge This could be a nightmar, british women Slatinja but worth a try.. so I have been a single dad awhile and its all good.. Rather be alone than unhappy, but lately,,,been thinkin about a girlfriend.. not in a big rush to jump into a knarly relationship, but meeting a new gal could be cool, I hope.. Lookin for a happy woman that enjoys a laid back/ adventurous lifstyle,
horny women Duluth if ya know what I mean
swingers in Belize
Sexy ebony women want horny teen
Kissing, licking and sucking. Hot pussy wants horney grannies asian women looking for sex in Hubert local naughty searching get sex.
Tweet
Second adult hooker women Ont Mills.
sex Cottonwood but firm
I'm looking for a sugar looking for sex free!
horny women seek guys Boston
TWO GIRLS AND ONE GUY LOOKING TO PLAY. women for fuck Carrollton
need a single Durham female
Well, it's a marvelous night for a moondance, with the stars up above Gentle, genteel, gracious, good listener, good kisser :-), gams that look great, grant writer, good at friendship and love with the right partner...Greetings to a non-grandiose man of goodliciousness. Seeking a gentle, single, white man, x - x , a grown-up with youth (i.e., non-geriatric maturity that runs the gamut of amazing qualities) I have a Gorgeous Brain, Glorious Femininity, girls North Little Rock sexy Gleeful Humor, Genuinely accomplished Gently Tender, Greatly Educated, Genius Romantic Seeks the Genesis of Love from a Genial Gent with a Giant heart, Glad to reveal his height/weight and photo in his initial letter back to me, well-Grounded in Selfhood, Single, Sincere Genetiy Romantic, Gleaming Mind, Graduated College unGlued to anyone, unmarried, unattached Grounded in the suburbs,
chat for fucks Greensboro Vermont or nearby If you want me to generate your Galvanic Feelings emanating gradually from your geo-genuine depths, give me a glimpse of who you are in your response. Your word-image and photo would be great. And what you work at, what you love to do. I'm gambling here, on a wide age-range of a SWM, from x to x . So, Go ahead and tell me why you and I should gambol through the tulips of life. Hint - The possibility of Galaxies of galvanic emotions. Worth the gamble? Letter and Photo, please.
Filipina bbw looking for fwb!.
looking for 420 friendly girl for fun
Hot fat women wants swinger couple Looking to be showered.
Sbm looking for some nsa.
women looking for affairs Montgomery
Very Attractive married guy seeks attractive married woman.
African American man looking for white woman.
handsome Rock Springs man 4 kinky black woman
Local horny looking free sex classifieds If u could come up with something play.
Looking for that wonderful relationship.
kinky sex in waco Aireys Inlet
Looking for a woman who wants an orgasm.
Looking for a blow job personals Man!.
Horny women in Millry, AL
Horny adult ready discreet encounter
Enjoy the art of a women,all races.
Rock Springs Wyoming friends ltr
30 yr old female looking for good man.
Asian? Married or BBW OK Lets Chat.
hot horny wives in Evansville Indiana
Sex women want grannys for sex
Asian lady seeking a latina or black girl.
leaving diaper lover headed to Honolulu1 Hawaii cou
Women read and reply if interested.
SWM seeking Dominant Black Woman.
sexy exotic black female looking to play
Horney house wifes wants adult friend finder Need some fun on the 9th of adult finder.
Let me make that pussy cum now.
xxx fucking lady cub Portland looking 4 teacher
Hot fit white male 4 hot black female.
BBMF seeking potential fwb.
Chalmette LA adult personals
Horny bbws bbw needing sex Your Hands Tied Above Your Head?
Seeking honest queer friendly outgoing.
athletic swm wants to make you moan
City slut sudanese sex 951.
Large lady looking to get lucky.
tall dark sexy educated cambridge christmas gift
Sex partners wanting old sex Lady in red at the party last night.
Looking for short, curvy, fun girl.
sex Cottonwood but firm
Lick Suck and Fuck Fest, looking to get freak nasty w.
Seek a woman with a great rack.
Adult singles dating in Mc queeney, Texas (TX).
Local personal looking cheap hookers Looking to be dominant.
Unique woman for unique woman.
Messina free adult phone chat
Unique relationship that entails all the necessary components.
Sex chat married sexy white male for asianlatina.
Hot naked females in Ashville New York
Desperate woman looking bbw needing sex HSV Lez For Lez.
Looking for all around nice girl.
leaving diaper lover headed to Honolulu1 Hawaii cou
Seeking Someone Very Different.
Crazt Dog Lady Seeks Same.
women that like to fuck in Cedar Rapids
Married bi searching sexual partners Woman For Woman my first.
Anybody Looking For A adults sex ?.
dinner date friday night
Local granny sluts girl at Bank of America office in Richardson.
Horney woman wants interracial swingers
Searching for the cougar women. Horny married woman ready swingers girls
fck me im married women on downtown n train
Seeking top horny female who enjoys.
Find Charm, OH Swingers sex, milfs galleries, Swinger couples seeking sex
In need of some distraction.
Latina Girl here.looking for possible Long term. Married lady want mature horney
women looking for affairs Montgomery
Married and cheating check it out.
Love lick nice juicy clean pussy text me.
couple seeking male laredo 78045
Earthquake sex? or how about a coffee?
Affairs are too hard and risky. Mature couple want old lady
Kleinarl fuck party men seeking women
Seeking a fun, sexy, mature woman for FWB..
Huddersfield women nude
Business Traveler 4 Curvy BBW.
Seeking a woman with a kinky streak. Sexy single looking couples seeking sex
Chattanooga babes nude
Kinky outdoor sex.
Wanting A Huge DICK -.
Looking for hot make out session.
Curious? Cute couple looking for adorable female. Lonely divorced search austrian swingers
Kinky sex date in West davenport NY. Swingers, kinkycouples sex.
Lets have some fun? desperate women man for Cougar age 40-60.
drinks tonight 18th Nice st
MWM looking for fun tonight.
Wanna lick your pussy tonight!. Horney people wants swinging couples
ladies ill do what they wont
Are you looking for a little sugar?
Respectful Attractive Skilled females looking for sex for Guymen in need.
Australia il slut wife
Bi male seeking female partner.
Looking for my first taste of ebony pussy. Xxx women want black mature sex
Kleinarl fuck party men seeking women
Seeking Big Booty Girl for Bedroom Play.
adult date Jerusalem
Seeking a long term friendship NSA.
Nsa tonight in edmond. Friend searching sex adult
xxx fucking lady cub Portland looking 4 teacher
LEMME MAKE THAT PUSSY SQUIRT.
City Boy, Gone Country. Looking for a new Friend -.
Horny straight guy for the same.
Going on cam, and doing female adult personalss ;. Black women wanting webcam xxx
chat to fuck some one
Single mom lookin for love.
free fuck buddies in Pima
Looking 4 a go4 free local xxx.
I want an asian or latina to ride my black dick. Hooker woman looking adult channel
porn Fort Smith Arkansas people
Needing Big Older Cock.
Tyneside male for big Tyneside female
Just ended massage sexy tour.
Any older women out there? local singles stud here. Girls womens searching divorced dads
athletic swm wants to make you moan
WOMAN WITH BOOTY.
28 black male looking 4 white female.
42 MWM oral servant to an older woman.
Looking for at least a 6 ft tall Hardcore Biker. Hot married women looking married and lonely
looking for pregent in South Burlington
Relaxing Asian Massage.
White male looking for a woman for company.
In town for weekend looking nsa.
Generous looking for this evening. Married mature seeking online webcam sex
Kleinarl fuck party men seeking women
Hello gentlemen how about some latenight fun with 2 hot females.
Student looking for a decent women.
Horny house wife lincoln ne. Adult Dating sexy gallery
College freshmen needing a little help$.
Brown beauty looking for you!
Clintondale NY sex dating
Looking for an amazing timee . what do you say?
masturbating girls of Shields North Dakota wa
Looking blk lady of any race .let's meet. Carrabassett Valley Maine girls fucked
Kenosha girl does porn
Anyone else involved in ministry?.. Hi there. Im posting and interested in talking to anyone else that does ministry.. Lets be the hope for the lost and hurt!! Lets make a difference! come to me when you need Hey I'm looking for a girl that is open minded, free married chat Poplar Bluff x friendly but not required,
skinny mature nude Gilbert town
sex chat mob Kettiljovallen easy to talk to, and extremely sexual like me. Hoping to find a girl that's willing to use me and my body to her pleasure whenever she wants..come over and sit on me
Free xxx dating? wellsfargo barbur blvd.
Oceanside dating married women
Putting a crew together in cheap pussy October.
granny sex Sweetwater
Newly single man needs to find a good time. fantasy wanted can you help
Dom seeks single sub or cpl must be thin to avr build and looks. no druggies.take direction well also a deserved punishment.not into heavy pain or marks just putting you in your place and pushing your limits. just a safe an sane single male w/a need for a sub. must put service for subject. pics, schedule,limits to be discussed later. Married,..and feel you really missed out MWM.searching for MF for sexual encounters. (fantasy )...age to ,blonde,blue x ....attractive southern gent.. and of course....STD free...expect the same...reply ..with heading missed out...
DOMINATE ME. MAKE ME YOUR BITCH TONIGHT!
free fuck in Aracaju tonight
Woman amature womens can you make adult relations Daddy Smile.
girls looking for sex Brownville New York
Just looking for personal sex ad exchange then maybe more. Crescent City nsa woman seek man
need a take charge guy Im not sure what I'm going to find on here but I am much open for whatever happens. I do like all types of guys, and age is not a factor if you are attractive and fun (not trying to sound shallow but attraction is obviously important). If you want to exchange pictures, mature singles Khashatoyn Khural talk on the phone, and set something up immediately hit me back! I want to cum on your face or in your mouth I need to cum down someones throat tonight...or maybe on your face, I don't care. Got a looooooooooooooot of cum built up for you..yeah its a long story...short version, I've been in a long distance relationship forever,
massive orgy fest tonight
woman wanting sex Ismaning relationship just ended a few days ago, and its been along time since I've had ..full release. We can go for drinks or out first if you want, but know what I'm after. I'm x , Athletic , Attractive , D&D Free, Tall, and ready to go when you are. Be x + and REAL. Put "stormy skies" in the subject...if you're from around here you'll know why. PICS OR NO REPLY...Still looking aslong as this is up.
looking for married friend I am looking for married or attached friends,
hotel hot guy fuck any pussy txt now
hot girls naked it Cape May i am hoping tobig black cocks in Wallowa Oregon hangout, independent adult lonelys redish Oviedo chat maybe coffee or maybe do a little walking, I am x Hispanic mix male married just hoping for Friendship. phone sex mommy?? i want to talk to a mom or older woman (it doesn't matter) about sex. it turns me on and i need to cum. must be able to phone on friday morning or afternoon. serious ppl only! reply back with the word 'yes' if interested. byee
Sub will shovel you snow im bbw lover.
fck me im married women on downtown n train
A friend whos openminded 26 26.
how wants to fuck me in Auxvasse
Im Looking for a Bottom for Now. naughty massage Partridge United States
bojangles Traded a few glances with you, just wanted to say you are hot! You prob wont see this if you do tell me something you would know New Friend I want to beyour new friend with benfits.Middle age white mature just looking for a very nice time.Please be able to host in taunton area looking for a sexy guy with a big dick? I'm looking for a fun freaky girl. I'm very hung. Good looking. I do have more pics as well. I love to eat pussy and get sucked. I can last very long. Pls no games. Send a pic with your response. I'm looking for a freaky woman. Not into shy females.This can be a xxx time thing or a fwb. Please when emailing me do not waste my time be real and serious .
who is up in Rockville??? Anyone want to watch me masturbate??? I want to come over and put on a show for you White guy with a big cock... Women wanting escorts Minetto Girls single Saint Roch De LAchigan Quebec Single parent relationships Macdiarmid Ontario Real women seeking sex Danbury TX Boo Wanna text or sext and get to know each othee before getting together? me with what u look like or a and ill get back to you. :)
-
black girls for fuck Hospitalet de llobregat
sexy women Ettalong Beach
mature women for casual sex Medulla
| Is a dominant thrill seeker so hard to find? fucking married women Childwold New York
grannys looking for sex in Martinique
fuck Memphis Tennessee finder Memphis Tennessee| Looking for passionate love.
now at my hotel on the Fresno California
| Need Accommodation? Read More.
| Make you're reality Do you like to be pampered? Do you like to have you're man give you a back or full body massage after a long hard day. Do you like it when he does the little things for you that make you smile? This man likes to take care of his woman, everything and anything,
Gulpen sex love women like showing not just saying Hockey is back so I am hoping to find someone to watch games with, enjoy a good dinner, perhaps a movie. It does not have to be all serious at first although of love is what comes from it fantastic. I like to please my lady, not be some sort of lazy moron who doesn't get it in life. I am divorced and better off for it, she was not the xxx I was meant to be with. I am not looking for a Barbie doll or something unrealistic, rather a kind cool girl who will like me for who I am and vice versa. I know there has to be chemistry, but that's just thehorny women Richmond Hill process, independent adult lonelys redish Oviedo there is somebody for everybody I believe. . online dating in East Fryeburg
| Sexy Little Thang Waiting for You Hi my name is . Located in Bohemia. Ready to please a certain guy on this beautiful night. Don't forget P x P me. If you question if I ammreal I will send you regular pictures of me. Serious inquiries and only for today. Looking for fun in johnstown x yo married male looking for nsa fun in around johnstown. Willing to do anything to please you. You will not leave disappointed Send an with your favorite and a and I'll definitely get back to you sexy girls Murcia fuck
Bahamas and Bahamas girl
2014-2015
PnP tonight. Must love to be eaten out!Laboratory in Interviewing Skills
- Course Number: APSY-UE 1158
- Hours: 45
- Units: 3
- Description: Small group video laboratory experience utilizing simulation, modeling, & micro interviewing on an experiential learning base. Learning the basic interviewing skills necessary in a wide range of helping relationships.
- Old Course Number: E63.1158What is the probability that four people—three from the same graduating class—would end up working for an organization of approximately 200 people located 1,500 miles from the university they attended?
"It all started with a box lacrosse game,” Donna Christian ’71 told a Schenectady Gazette reporter in 1969. Christian was at the time the first co-director, with Joyce DeRosa Kay ’72, of Operation Kanyengehaga, a tutoring program at the Akwesasne (St. Regis) Mohawk Reservation about 40 miles from campus.
People at st. lawrence university might know Alexis “Lexi” Brown ’16 for her success on the volleyball court and strong presence in the classroom. What they might not know, however, is that she has done years of cutting-edge research on bats.
See Full ListHi Parents,
Links to Education:
The current global trend in education is inquiry based learning (IBL). IBL is not simply about remembering facts or providing children with a smooth path to knowledge, the objective of IBL is learning not teaching. IBL begins with an open ended question, scenario or problem, often the child creates their own questions, establishing the opportunity for critical thinking (ACARA). The child then goes on a journey of learning and discovery cultivating creative and higher order thinking skills (Quality Teaching Framework), involving analysis, evaluation and synthesis (creation of new knowledge) (Blooms taxonomy) adding richness and depth to student learning and understanding (ACARA). At the end of the journey the child experiences connectedness (Quality Teaching Framework) where they reflect on their learning and relate the knowledge from the investigative process to the real world.
Brea Likes to Daydream teaches and encourages children to use their critical thinking skills and use their imagination to problem solve and create solutions, promoting meaningful learning. Children learn in many different ways and the foundation of 21st Century learning is that the method is more important than the outcome. In BLDT, Brea invites the child into her dream (her interpretation of the open ended question) and sings her way through each adventure, also assisting and encouraging the children to explore on their own journey of discovery. What do they think? What do they see, feel, be? How would they do it? All very important tools to use to strategise in life as well as at school whilst learning to express themselves with others and the real world (BOSTES).
BLDT engages and inspires children to learn through imagination. It is positive and happy. Brea is a wonderful role model for younger children, she is a diligent student, talented accomplished performer and spends her time helping others, and with her family. No child is too young (or old) to dance to the music, sing out loud and imagine their dream. Dream all possibilities, and your dreams can come true.
Young musician creating a buzz around visual education
Brea Holland is encouraging children to learn, communicate and explore infinite possibilities through her music and song.
We’ve all heard the old adage “a picture is worth a thousand words” and, through her Brea Likes to Daydream shows, the children’s performer is encouraging her young audiences to use their imagination and follow their dreams.
Brea’s show was created by her mum Sophia, a school teacher, who says from a young age children learn to identify, read and understand images to communicate.
“As children, we learn to read pictures and images long before we are able to speak and write,” she said.
“Visual literacy is the ability to decode, interpret, create, question, challenge and evaluate texts that communicate with visual images rather than words.
“Through her show, Brea poses questions and develops different scenarios taking the viewer on a visual journey.
“Visual literacy is a wonderful way for children to learn, communicate and explore infinite possibilities with their imaginations…come and dream with Brea.
“Every episode takes us on a new journey of possibility, and encourages children to use their imagination to develop and create their own vision.”
Brea encourages kids to watch an episode, turn the sound down and think about what they see.
“Are you in the sky, underwater, flying, dancing in the rain or performing on stage?”
Follow Brea’s behind the scenes adventures on Facebook and Instagram. Search ‘Brea Likes to Daydream’.
To book Brea’s live show for your festival or event email: brealikestodaydream@gmail.com
Thank you and please don't hesitate to contact us at brealikestodaydream@gmail.comShulamith Schlick
Professor of Physical Chemistry
Degrees
- D.Sc., Technion, Israel Institute of Technology
Biographymeric membranes used in fuel cells; and transport of solvents through elastomers and glassy polymers.
Dr. Schlick received her D.Sc. from The Technion, Israel Institute of Technology in 1963. She has held visiting professorships and appointments worldwide, and has authored over 200 scientific articles, two books and several book chapters.Web Links
- The Access Board
- The Access Board is an independent Federal agency devoted to accessibility for people with disabilities.
- ADA Accessibility Requirements
- ADA Fact Sheet from the Access Board
- AER Online
- The latest information on the Association for Education and Rehabilitation of the Blind and Visually Impaired.
- Beneficial Designs
- Beneficial Designs develops assistive and adaptive technology, performs rehabilitation research, contract design, legal consultation, standards development, and serves as a rehabilitation information resource.
- The Center for Universal Design
- A national research, information, and technical assistance center that evaluates, develops, and promotes universal design in housing, public and commercial facilities, and related products.
- ITE Electronic Toolbox
- Documents for Making Intersections More Accessible for Pedestrians Who are Blind or Visually Impaired
- Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices
- Standards for the application and installation of traffic signals, signs and pavement markings that regulate, warn, and guide the vehicle and pedestrian users of the public right of way.
- Planning and Funding Accessible Pedestrian Facilities
- ITE’s page of potential funding sources for making an intersection accessible.
Publications on the Web
- Accessible Pedestrian Signals: A Guide to Best Practice
- TRSAPark.
- Accessible Rights-of-Way: A Design Guide
- This design guide has been developed to provide uniform guidance to State and local governments on how to design and construct accessible public pedestrian facilities until such time as the Access Board, DOJ, and DOT issue final requirements.
- Addressing Barriers to Blind Pedestrians at Signalized Intersections
- An ITE Journal article presents the results of a survey of Orientation and Mobility Specialists regarding the problems students with visual impairments experience at signalized intersections.
- Building a True Community
- This report is a recommendation for a new set of Federal guidelines (to be implemented as standards under the Americans with Disabilities Act) that define the details necessary to make the streetscapes in public rights-of-way accessible to all users.
- Detectable Warnings: Synthesis of U.S. and International Practices
- This synthesis summarizes the state-of-the-art regarding the design, installation and effectiveness of detectable warning surfaces used in the U.S. and abroad.
- Designing Sidewalks and Trails for Access Part I of II: Review of Existing Guidelines and Practices
- This project is an extensive literature review in which existing guidelines and recommendations for developing sidewalks and trails were compiled and analyzed.
- Designing Sidewalks and Trails for Access Part II of II: Best Practices Design Guide
- This document provides recommendations on how to design sidewalks, street crossings, intersections, shared use paths, and recreational pedestrian trails. (Out of print, available online only)
- Determining Recommended Language for Speech Messages used by Accessible Pedestrian Signals
- The objective of the research in this report was to develop recommendations for the structure and content of walk messages and pushbutton messages for directly audible APSs.
- FHWA Memo on ADAAG Detectable Warnings (Truncated Domes)
- The FHWA memo addresses a number of questions raised by people from various agencies concerning the use of detectable warnings, specifically truncated domes, when constructing or altering curb ramps.
- Guidelines for Accessible Pedestrian Signals: Final Report
- TRSAParker@nas.edu. A companion resource document on the training course on APS and the intersection prioritization tool was produced as NCHRP Web-Only Document 117A.
- Interfacing Accessible Pedestrian Signals (APS) with Traffic Signal Control Equipment
- The.
- Public Rights-of-Way Accessibility Guidelines (Draft)
- Under the ADA, the Access Board has developed and continues to maintain design guidelines for accessible buildings and facilities known as the ADA Accessibility Guidelines (ADAAG). ADAAG covers a wide variety of facilities and establishes minimum requirements for new construction and alterations.
- PowerPoint Presentations:
- Accessible Pedestrian Signal Features – New Possibilities for Access in the US
- Detectable WarningsThe Rotting Post is solely the work by Dan Blum of Wellesley, Massachusetts.
I may be reached directly at: dan_allan_x@yahoo.com or on my Facebook page. Feel free to send a friend request. All concerns related to grammar, usage or spelling should be addressed to Mrs. Rotting Post at the same email address.
And for more laughs, smiles and snarky commentary drop by my good friend Roz Warren’s website.>> . Sometimes extremely significant time to take care of a newborn. Is your baby still may not take maintenance of themselves and why is needs of leaving parent.
If a child suck a soother and will not give it to parent, when parents ask, do then:
Entertain with your baby, give stickers.
Point out to the older child - they do not a pacifiers. Slowly but steadily reduced span of time when a baby is permitted sucking.
Ask a child to give the soothers a people he likes, for example to a mother and father.
Foster your baby for refusal of sucking
Never give the soother candy.
Baby often need to be parent and imitate older parent.
Set the regulations under which it is possible sucking a pacifiers - baby is sick and be strong.
Care for a child child
Newborn maintenance by month
.
Newborn careIngredients
- 1 large egg
- 1 can (12-ounce) evaporated whole milk
- Pinch of cayenne pepper
- Pinch of freshly grated nutmeg
- Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper
- 1-1/3 cups grated Muenster cheese (4 ounces), plus 4 deli-thin slices (1 ounce), divided
- 1/2 cup grated sharp cheddar cheese (2 ounces)
- 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese (1 ounce)
- 1/2 head cauliflower, cut into small florets (4 cups)
- 4 cups medium pasta shells (9 ounces)
Preparation
- 1. Whisk the egg, evaporated milk, cayenne, nutmeg, and salt and black pepper to taste in a bowl. Toss the grated cheeses in a separate bowl, reserving the deli-thin slices. 2. cooked pasta in the sauce; season with salt and black pepper. Transfer to a shallow broiler-safe
Related Video
Nutritional Info
- Calories219
- Carbohydrates28 g(9%)
- Fat7 g(11%)
- Protein11 g(22%)
- Saturated Fat4 g(19%)
- Sodium300 mg(12%)
- Polyunsaturated Fat1 g
- Fiber2 g(7%)
- Monounsaturated Fat2 g
- Cholesterol41 mg(14%)Actions
Work Header
The Prince of Chaos
Chiauve.
Notes:
From this prompt at the Thor kinkmeme.
What started out as a 'through the years' fic quickly turned into a monster and ran away with itself. While I'm posting this at the meme as one large chunk divided into three parts, I'm splitting it into three stories in one series here, length being one reason (and that the character list above would be insane).
The main reason is that overall this series is Thor/Loki, but this part is not. There are some pairings, but they are not the focus of the story so I consider this part gen. If Thor/Loki isn't your thing, you're good to go, but I wouldn't recommend reading on when the rest of the series is up. Unfortunately, as the story is getting broken up, that makes the plot of this part a bit all over the place since it's the build-up for the next two parts.
Lastly, this fic is a combination of the film, mythology, some comic influence, and the rest is made up. I also purposefully butcher some well-known myths, too.
I'm done now. I hope you enjoy the fic!
Chapter Text
In the game of garnering power, it was wise to start small and test the resolve of rivals. Thus Laufey set his eyes on Midgard, with its nigh defenseless people, and planned its domination. This would attract the attention of Asgard and possibly plunge them into a war for which they were truly not prepared; a foolhardy move.
Loki Laufeyson said as much, and loudly, before his father's court.
Laufey had him beaten into silence.
So the sons of Jotunheim invaded Midgard and, as expected, the hosts of Asgard came in brilliant flashes of color. The battles were bloody and mortals quaked from afar, certain the world was ending. The Jotnar were stronger than the Aesir in brute strength, but the soldiers of Asgard were better trained, fighting as a unit as well as in melee as necessary. The Frost Giants were holding their own, but Loki knew it was only a matter of time before his people were beaten, and both would suffer severe losses in the meantime.
It was with ease he snuck into the camp of the Aesir. A cloak and his small size would bring no suspicion, and he was within sight of their king's tent before he allowed himself to be captured. The guards took him where he needed to go, and soon he was standing before Odin All-Father himself.
Loki had heard that the Aesir did not age, thus it was a testament to Odin's longevity that he looked an old man. Yet he radiated a power that left even Loki speechless for a brief time. In the face of such power, it was wise to remain polite, and he tried to bow as best he could when held between two guards.
Odin knew his visitor could be none other than the eldest son of his enemy, his small stature was proof enough, for who hadn't heard of Laufey's shameful runt? Looking at him now, Odin suspected there was more to it than that. Loki was not merely a small Jotunn. The planes of his face were softer, his stance more graceful, and there was dark hair upon his head. In the veins of Loki flowed more than Giants' blood, though Odin could not discern what at that moment.
It did not matter; Loki was the son of a king and would be heard.
Recovering his wits, Loki made use of his silver tongue, honed from a lifetime of surviving among those stronger than himself. He entreated Odin to understand his people and their desire to expand beyond their own realm, much as the Aesir, Vanir, and even Alfar had done. It was hardly the fault of the Jotnar that they required certain environmental needs for their colonies. Surely an agreement could be made, as Midgard was vast and the mortals few in number this far north.
Over the course of a day and a night Odin and Loki drew up an agreement, though it was hardly smooth in the making. More than once, Loki lashed out with his sharp tongue and Odin returned it with a strike from his spear. The Jotnar could establish their colonies on Midgard without interference from Asgard, so long as they remained far from the humans and brought them no harm. To this Odin agreed and left his mark upon the parchment on which their agreement had been written. Loki would take it back to his father and if Laufey agreed he would leave his mark in turn before returning it to Odin.
So Loki returned to the temporary fortress of ice and stone where Laufey dwell and presented his king the parchment. Seeing only benefit in it, Laufey left his mark upon the agreement and had a messenger return it to Odin, ending the war.
Laufey had Loki strung up outside the fortress to be gnawed upon by wolves for a full turn of the moon.
Peace could only last so long. Satisfied with his numbers and the power of the Casket of Ancient Winters at his fingertips, Laufey advanced through Midgard. Again the Aesir came and the war was waged anew.
Loki cursed his father and the Aesir both before departing Laufey's court and finding his way into Odin's presence once more.
"It is too late for treaties, this time," Odin said to him in the warmth of his tent.
"Dragging out this war is pointless for both sides. It must end." His brother Byleistr had been lost in the confrontation mere hours before.
Odin was resigned, but stood firm. "We must protect Midgard."
"Damn Midgard!" Loki yelled, "You must strike at the very heart of Jotunheim! Laufey will have no choice but to return, and there you shall cripple him."
Odin regarded the young prince, his blue eyes as hard as the ice he now battled. "It is not easy to trust one so willing to betray his people. What do you take me for?"
"I do this for my people!" Loki cried, desperation in his voice. Swift as a serpent, he lashed out his hand and, quicker than Odin could draw his blade, grasped the bare skin of the All-Father's arm. He watched as the marked blue of Loki's own visage was swept away, like sand blowing over stones of a beach, and replaced by smooth, pale flesh. No more did a Jotunn stand before him, but an As like himself.
Slowly, his now green eyes wary, Loki lowered himself to one knee before the All-Father. "And in doing so, I can never return to them."
So the battle turned to Jotunheim. Odin led his forces, crashing down upon the planet's surface via the Bifrost, while Loki guided small contingents through the pathways between the realms, flanking Laufey's warriors and leading them into the citadel itself.
The war ended swiftly then, with Odin now One Eye casting down Laufey who had no choice but surrender. The Aesir would take the source of the Frost Giants' power, the Casket. There was no stopping them, but Laufey could take small satisfaction in the fact that no Asgardian could touch it without harm. Thus he was dumbfounded when one of Odin's warriors, a horned helm upon his head, carried forth the Casket as if it were nothing and presented it to Odin.
And Laufey screamed in rage when he recognized this soldier as his eldest son in the guise and armor of the Aesir.
Still bleeding, the surviving warriors collected their dead and departed the fallen city of the Jotnar, gathering where the Bifrost would take them home. Riding beside Odin was Loki, the Casket of Ancient Winters clutched in his hands. As the multicolored beam of the Bifrost descended, he turned for one final look at his ruined homeworld.
Try as he might, he regret nothing.
The citizens of Asgard crowded the streets in never-ending throngs as the victorious soldiers of Odin their King marched from the Bifrost, deafening them with cheers louder than the screams of battle. Thor stood in the golden hall, straining against his mother's hands and waiting for their approach, wanting nothing more than to run out and meet his father. He couldn't believe how far the bridge was from Gladsheim and how slow they were moving and why it was taking so long!
After an eternity the All-Father arrived in his hall to the cheers of the most prominent lords and ladies of his realm, followed closely by his generals and most noted warriors. Ascending to his golden thrown, he faced his family, and Thor could hold back no more. He dashed into his father's waiting arm, hugging him fiercely and fighting back the tears. He was too big to cry. Odin returned the sentiment and quickly gave his beloved son a kiss on his forehead before standing to his full height, his spear Gungnir held above his head in victory. Again, the assembled Asgardians cheered their king and heroes.
Odin raised his free hand and the hall grew quiet. He spoke, his voice carried beyond the walls of the hall itself, of their victory, of the courage and valor of his soldiers. His generals and most prominent warriors knelt before him and he spoke of them in turn. Thor was familiar with them all, and noted those who were missing. He was sad and yet also gladdened, knowing that those brave Aesir had been carried in glory by the Valkyrjur to Valhalla.
One of the warriors kneeling before his father was unfamiliar to Thor. He was not merely a soldier risen in the ranks nor being praised for heroics, Thor did not recognize him at all. Even more strangely, he did not look like any other soldier Thor had seen. He was slighter in build, nearly dwarfed by Tyr kneeling beside him, his face young with a soft jaw line. And yet he wore his golden armor as proudly as any of the generals, the great horns of his helm setting him apart.
Entranced by this strange soldier, Thor missed most of his father's speech, until Odin stepped forward, gesturing for the newcomer to rise. It was then Thor realized in shock that the warrior carried no noticeable weapon. How could he have gone into battle in such a way?
"...due to the personal sacrifice of Loki that we are victorious..."
Thor made a face. What kind of name was Loki? It was no more familiar than the warrior's face. Maybe he had come from one of the other realms. His train of thought slammed to a halt as Odin bade Loki to stand beside him and clasped their untreated, bloody hands together, mingling their blood. Thor gasped; he knew the meaning of that gesture all too well.
Facing the crowds, Odin raised his and Loki's still clasped hands for all of Asgard to see.
"Let it be known that Loki is a brother of Odin forevermore!"
There was the slightest hesitation before those gathered erupted in cheers. Thor only stared at the mysterious soldier from far away. He was very young, but he knew that this was not and honor bestowed lightly. The warrior Loki knew this as well, judging by the look of shock he was trying to cover.
Whoever he was, Loki had earned the highest honor among the Aesir. He had garnered not only the favor of the All-Father, but his trust and admiration as well.
And Thor, unable to look away from this golden warrior, felt nothing but awe.
Actions
RenDevali, Jaded_Mushroom, Littwink, ShuFlyPie, Zamiel_Sama, ceece, Benehime, Xaidread, Fotty, Seramis87, FictionFanatic, thecla, BurnoutWolf, haysebecca, SnakeofMedusa, claroscuro3, chrysaetos, sugarburnt, riverlace, Thyrone, Bellleilael, ThePrettyNameless, Archivar, salomemaranya, LilyWhite22, Razakhol, Crimsonkitsune333, laSamtyr, Lokimare, NagronMischief, Valiance_Leon, ngocquevt, otherworldlyshieldmaiden, xibalbaolmec, ServantoftheEmpire, hotbloodheart, Cyranka, SapphireLily, videl, DevianYue, Korinix, ScreamingViking, holy_roller_novocaine, DracoInPleatherPants, nimaat, Weaselwoman, Wordbytes, wnnbdarklord, Stormraven, Estivate, and 109 more users as well as 383 guests left kudos on this work!All Results for Akhurst
4,859 matches in 173 collections
Birth, Marriage and Death(2,213) see all
Family Trees(1) see all
Census and Voter Lists(2,124) see all
Military Records(4) see all
Immigration and Travel(16) see all
Yearbooks(1) see all
Family History and Biography(21) see all
Local and General History(9) see all
Directories(400) see all
Government Records(64) see all
Court and Probate Records(1) see all
Miscellaneous(5) see all
Search Again
Try this: With soundex on the surnameLarge Apartment in Prenzlauer Berg ( B2)
- Accommodates7
- Bedrooms3
- Bathrooms1
- Size72 m²
- Floor No.0
- Family/child friendly
- Kitchen
- TV
- Internet/WiFi
- Balcony/terrace
- Towels
Accommodation summary
Description
At arrival you have to fill out a check-in paper. It asks you about personal information e.g. Name, adress and passport number.
Alles i.O. ,sehr zentrale Lage. ideal für eine Familie mit mehreren Personen.
Einfache Einrichtung kein Luxus,dafür zweckmäßig. Netter Vermieter.
The apartment is well located and really accesible for travelling to the centre of Berlin. Its quite big but the kitchen could have had more utiles to cook. There were quite a lot of insects such as spiders or mosquitos in one of the rooms that were a bit disgusting.
Great location, lots of space and friendly host. The apartment itself is not very charming but it is spacious with 7 beds and large rooms. Bedlamps with no light, microwave oven couldn't be opened and some other small stuff didn't work but all in all ok. Small grocery store, a bakery, a beer bar and some local restaurants just outside the door - and only a few minutes away from the area around Kastanien Allee with lots of shops and restaurants.
Der Zugang zur Wohnung schreckte doch ein wenig ab (Müll lag offen im Hof herum, Treppenhaus stark heruntergekommen), die Schlüsselübergabe hat aber super geklappt.
Die Wohnung selbst ist leider nicht sehr sauber gewesen, alte Spinnenweben hingen von der Decke, die Sitzpolster der Stühle sind mit Flecken übersäht, die Duschkabine im sehr kleinen Badezimmer ist sehr verkalkt und in den Schienen sehr verschmutzt. Waschbecken, Duschwanne selbst waren jedoch sauber.
Herd in der sehr kleinen Küche ist Stand 70er Jahre. Töpfe waren leider nicht ganz sauber und stehen direkt unter dem Abfluss...
Am positivsten ist die Lage an der Prenzlauer Allee, direkt vor der Tür ist gleich die Tram, man ist super schnell am Alex, in der Nähe liegt die Kulturbrauerrei.
Sehr netter Vermieter, sehr freundlich.
Wohnung sehr groß, sauber und gemütlich eingerichtet.
Was sehr schwierig ist, Parkplatz.
Man muss weite Laufwege in kauf nehmen.
Trotzdem war unser Aufenthalt sehr schön.
:-).
The appartment was great. Great localization, plenty of beds and rooms, a big living room... and cozy and warm during berlin nights! Our hostess was very kind, I recommend it 100%!!!
Todo perfecto.
Muy cercano a una parte del centro en bus, solo 5 minutos.
Nos dejaron entrar antes de la hora y el ultimo día dejamos las maletas hasta las 18 horas.
Totalmente limpio, y buenas camas.
Lo único negativo, un solo baño para seis personas.
- Quality assured accommodation
- Every host is verified by telephone
- Secure payment via SSL encryptionA.
Logo Embroidered Unstructured Washed Cap is perfect for school, clubs and any type of giveaway.
The 36" Arc Telescopic Folding Automatic Custom Umbrella makes a great summer promotional product..
This cotton terry custom rally towel is the perfect way to market your brand to an active/athletic audience.
They'll relax in the great outdoors in this logo folding chair.
Our twill hemmed terry velour promotional beach towel is super lightweight, colorful and perfect for company picn handy promotional golf towel made of 100% cotton.
A classic custom golf towel with grommet and hook.
A large automatic custom umbrella with many solid and 2-tone color combinations to choose from.
Custom golf towel with stitched hem and huge imprint area..
Shine some light on your branded giveaways with hard, tube style logo umbrellas with an LED flashlight at the end..
Cozy up to this super-soft Rally promotional blanket that incudes a pouch for convenient storage and transportation!
Give your clients a day in the park with this Promotional Picnic Basket.
Help carry support for your team by giving out this promotional stadium cushion.
These bold promo binoculars will allow anyone to see sporting events and your promotional logo up close.
Inexpensive and colorful, these mini folding promotional umbrellas are extremely compact yet feature a 43" arc when opened!
Koozie Promotional Can Cooler Golf Kit by Callaway is the perfect giveaway for your next company golf outing.
These dark colored fingertip custom golf towel are the perfect way to market your brand to an active/athletic audience.
Surprise clients and staff with this practical golf style custom umbrella any time! The umbrella can cover up to two people, making it great for golfing.
Make your logo the life of the party with this junior version of our great promotional water jug.!Beauty of the Season Wood Mount Stamp E3-7218E Beauty of the Season Wood Mount Stamp E3-7218E SKU: Nancy Baier Beauty of the Season Wood Mount Stamp E3-7218E Nancy Baier Wood Mount Stamp: Beauty of.Beauty of the Season is mounted on a 1 3/4” x 1 1/4” block. The stamp image itself measures approximately 1 1 Ornaments & Gifts Clear Stamp Set - 11211MC $11.95 Wishing Peace Clear Stamp Set 11263MC $11.95Chalet Alberti
Chalet Alberti in Bormio rents apartments of various sizes and types; it is suitable for groups and families with children. Our Chalet is located in a quiet area only 200 meters far from Terme di Bormio Spa and close to the historic center and the sports facilities.
Our apartments are fully equipped and each of them has spacious balconies where you can enjoy the breathtaking mountains and the ski slopes within easy reach by car or by free ski bus (bus stop at m. 20).
Chalet Alberti has a covered parking area, a garden with sun terrace and every comfort you may need, so that you can enjoy a beautiful holiday full of fun, relaxation and tranquility.
We have discounts on the admission to Terme di Bormio Spa and Bagni di Vecchi e Bagni Nuovi Spa.
Info e caratteristiche
- Indirizzo:
Via Leghe Grigie 9/B e 9/C - Bormio So
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
- Sito web:
- Telefono/Phone:
+39 0342 905377 - 335 6878462Rio Cristal Announces Resignation
Vancouver, Canada and Lima, Peru - (December 30, 2013) Rio Cristal Resources Corporation (TSXV:RCZ, BVL:RCZ) ("Rio Cristal" or the "Company") has received and accepted the resignation of Mr. Corey Dean as VP, Legal and Secretary of the Company, a role he has held since the founding of the Company in 2007, in order to devote more time to his current business activities.
Thomas Findley, President and CEO of Rio Cristal said "The Company's board sincerely thanks Corey for his invaluable contributions during his time with the Company. We wish him well in his future endeavors.".
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.February 21, 1997
The "Corn Growers Guidebook," a virtual book on the World Wide Web (), was created by Purdue University's top expert on the plant and the crop's biggest fan, Robert L. Nielsen. He designed it to offer every imaginable fact about corn -- or link to other Web sites that pick up where it leaves off.
The Guidebook is split into five "chapters" -- Timely Tips, Management Tips, Corny Experts, Other Corny Sites, and Corny Curiosities -- all containing information aimed at corn growers in Indiana and the rest of the Eastern Corn Belt. Each chapter leads readers to a multitude of other corn-related Web sites that address all aspects of raising corn from preparing the soil to marketing the grain. Topics include fertilization; planting; plant development; harvesting; storing; fighting plant diseases and insect pests; and deciding how long to store the grain before selling.
The Other Corny Sites chapter, for example, contains links to 15 other Web sites such as the Corn Information page maintained by North Carolina State University, the Corn Refiners' Assn., the home page of the Nebraska Corn Board, and Extension corn publications by Ohio State University.
Nielsen, a Purdue Cooperative Extension Service agronomist, says he'd like the Guidebook to be a "one-stop shop" for on-line farmers to visit when they have questions about corn.
"It's not meant to be only a Purdue collection of information," he says. "I have tried to collect as many Web documents from colleagues at neighboring institutions as I could find by surfing the Web, and I've sent out e-mail asking colleagues directly for URLs of links that I've missed."
Nielsen will continue to update links and their corresponding documents to keep the Guidebook current. "A Web site like the Guidebook has a tremendous opportunity to pool the information and knowledge that is available from all the state Extension corn specialists in the region and -- maybe more importantly -- our colleagues from other disciplines such as entomology and plant pathology," Nielsen says.
Source: Robert L. Nielsen, (765) 494-4802, e-mail: rnielsen@dept.agry.purdue.edu
Writer: Amy H. Raley, (765) 494-6682, e-mail: ahr@aes.purdue.edu
Purdue News Service: (765) 494-2096; e-mail, purduenews@purdue.edu
To the Purdue News and Photos PageCalabah Swing Chair
Calabah Swing Chair involve some pictures that related each other. Find out the most recent pictures of Calabah Swing Chair here, so you can receive the picture here simply. Calabah Swing Chair picture uploaded ang submitted by Admin that kept inside our collection.
Calabah Swing Chair have an image associated with the other.
Calabah Swing Chair It also will include a picture of a sort that may be observed in the gallery of Calabah Swing Chair. The collection that comprising chosen picture and the best amongst others.
They are so many great picture list that could become your inspiration and informational reason forCalabah SwingCalabah Swing Chair picture. We provide image Calabah Swing Chair offered. The assortment of images Calabah Swing Chair that are elected straight outdoor home, to be able to see directly, you may use the category navigation or maybe it is using a arbitrary post of Calabah Swing Chair.
We hope you love and find one of our own best assortment of pictures and get influenced to beautify your residence.
If the hyperlink is destroyed or the image not found onCalabah Swing Chairyou can call us to get pictures that look for We offer imageCalabah Swing Chair.Why am i writing this?
A wise friend recently told me that a blog is like a puppy, you can’t just get one play with it for a bit and then abandon it. This is how i feel in regards to this blog. For over two weeks now it has sat idle and lonely and i must shoulder the fact that i have indeed neglected it. So from now on i will try and write in it at least twice a week. All very well then, but why? What good comes from writing a blog? Is it just to tell people more about myself in an egotistical fashion? Where do i get value from it? Where do others? Hmmm.
For me part of the value of a blog is in bettering my writing skills with the hope of increasing my employment prospects. Recently over a coffee i discovered that a bilingual classmate of mine also has a couple of blogs that she tends too. Upon questioning she reluctantly admitted that they were trashy fashion blogs and that she actually spent a fair amount of time making them look professional, as she wants to get into fashion journalism. What a brilliant idea! She is already getting a foot in the door by publishing content in the area that she hopes to work in, surely this can only greater her chances of getting a dream job.
But this blog isn’t really all that work orientated, unless i plan on writing for a magazine that specialises in what a twenty year old University student named Justin is thinking about (hmmm would that work??). So there is something else that this blog does, something more personal. Have you ever kept a diary? I did from year nine to year ten. I wrote in it every couple of days, and it makes for intreiging reading now. I notice all of the dumb things that i have done or said, and how i have changed since. In some ways it has helped me not to judge other people that say mean, or silly things, because i have self documented proof that i have done similar. It really keeps you grounded.
But why write it on the web for all to see instead of just writing it in Word and saving it under the file name ‘dumb stuff that i just did’? Because it provides an informal, passive way to keep in touch with people, letting them know if not what i’m actually up to, then what I am thinking. And it is rarely a bad thing to know what other people are thinking.
So if this blog fulfils either of the three aforementioned purposes, then it will be much better than a kick in the pants and will be well worth writing in every couple of days.*Rafflecopter Giveaway at the Bottom!*
to the
Release Event
for
"THE WORLD WITHOUT A FUTURE"
By: Nazarea Andrews
Release: December 2013
Synopsis:.
Buy Links:
Amazon:
Barnes and Noble::
Twitter - only.
Thank you for sharing the synopsis and giveaway!ATMs Accepting DepositsMany financial institutions accept deposits at their ATMs. When you use another bank's ATM to make a deposit, the deposit will be credited to your White Oaks Wealth Private Bank.
To locate an ATM that participates in the Shared Deposit Program, choose one of the following links and follow the instructions.
Access the NYCE website at
Access the STAR website atI can’t tell you what this quilt is at this point because its a mystery. This free quilt pattern is yours for hopping through the shops in the Mystery Quilt Dash. Only at the end will you find out what the quilt looks like.
The Mystery Quilt Dash starts Monday, July 1 and goes on for 2 weeks through July 14, so you have plenty of time to complete your dash. You can start any time during these two weeks. Its free to join the Mystery Quilt Dash where you will find some great quilting products and sales as well as get the pieces to the mystery quilt.
I hope that you will join us in the Dash! I enjoyed designing this quilt which would also make a great scrappy quilt.
Have a fabulous holiday week celebrating the 4th of July! If you are traveling, be safe!
PhyllisSr. Director, Product Research, Epicor Software
Software Architecture
This blog is not associated with my employer.
Software Architecture
This blog is not associated with my employer.
Saturday, July 29, 2006
2.0 is to SOA what SOA is to ESB
The mistake I made was in trying to put a moniker around the concept – SOA 2.0! At the time, the ESB community was pushing really hard to say ESB==SOA. I wanted to distinguish architecting integration solutions – the bread and butter of an ESB – from architecting the traditionally opaque integral applications within an enterprise.
But calling it SOA 2.0 was clearly a bad choice. It’s sort of nice to be near the top of a search result (Google: “SOA 2.0”). Maybe your experience will vary, but I cringe when I see what company I have on the same page (but I did beat Oracle by a few months!). The post has been linked by others (Hinchcliffe, Little) but not exactly the way I hoped. A rookie blogging mistake if there ever was one.
Thursday, July 27, 2006
Workflow Flavors
“Workflow”.
best mattresses order to get warm, pilots from Australia came up an idea, that is, they wrapped their feet wit Toronto virtually indistinguishable from women's boots of the same style, with the obvious exception that they are not available in as man best space heaters.
best isa ition for their traditional physical stores that dot the nation, the Nordstrom website carries a level larger selection
on them, possibly the wearer should be merely a tiny sensible to finish a trendy glimpse with them. right here follows some suggestions. These UGG traditional short boots element a calf-height shafts for jus babyliss pro perfect curl re of the street, I suddenly found that it seemed I liked it. It's very cute. This is amazing.As soon as it becomes famous around the world, people always find the best way to wear them. Not chanel espadrilles price.
used kiteboard olors and types like that with no breaking the bank. employing
ety of classic boot styles designed for children. Designs regarding babies equally look and feel great. Uggs today look a lot more trendy and stylish, but a ma Mulberry Bags Uk m. Nevertheless, how large the snow outside, your kids will have great holiday during winter. With more information about ugg boots for kids, how ab.(Source: Chicago Tribune)
A federal judge has dismissed a civil lawsuit that accused two northwestern Indiana police officers of racial profiling and excessive force.
The Times of Munster reports ( ) that the judge ruled Monday that there was no evidence Corey Shepard was treated differently during a 2007 traffic stop because he is black.
The judge also dismissed Shepard’s claims the two Lake County police officers used excessive force while arresting him during that traffic stop, saying it was Shepard’s own lack of cooperation that necessitated the use of any force.
The Hammond man sued the officers in 2009, claiming they targeted him because he is black. Shepard was a passenger in a car pulled over for expired tags. Officers arrested Shepard after discovering he was wanted on an outstanding warrant.
——
Information from: The Times,
(Source: Chicago Tribune)St Helens Duver smugglers: a rags to riches story
In days gone by, smuggling was rife along the coast of the Isle of Wight and St Helens was no exception.
Dickie Dawes, smuggler
One of its most famous smugglers was Dickie Dawes, a fisherman by day, who ran the gauntlet of the customs men through a narrow channel known as 'Dickie Dawes Gut' to land his contraband of brandy, silk and tobacco.
The booty would often be hidden beneath tombstones in the churchyard of St Helens Old Church before being brought inland along secret passages believed to lead to the Priory and village. Another common practice was to lash and weight down barrels of brandy before 'rafting' them in when the coast was clear.
Sophie Dawes, baroness
Dickie had a daughter named Sophie, born in St Helens around 1792. Our Discover the Duver trail passes her birthplace in a cottage in Upper Green, marked by a blue plaque. After a period of winkle-picking on the beach and an enforced stay in the workhouse after her father’s death, Sophie used her guile and cunning to climb the social ladder to a position of eminence, but later notoriety, at the French court.
In London she came to the attention of the exiled Duc de Bourbon, later Prince of Condé, who educated her as a lady. When Napoleon was defeated in 1815, the duke was able to return to his native France. Sophie followed him there, later marrying the Baron de Fouchères, a military aide to the duke, while remaining the duke’s mistress. She was known as the 'Queen of Chantilly', Chantilly being one of the duke's estates.
She had no scruples about using her position for her own ends and cajoled the ageing duke into rewriting his will in her favour. Soon afterwards he was found hanged in mysterious circumstances. Not surprisingly, her reputation suffered and she returned to England where she died in London in 1840.That's disgusting.
>>101949765
>/r/anime
It's what you deserve for even going there in the first place.
Could be worse. Though, not much.
I bet if the same poll was taken here it'd get almost exactly the same results
What's worse, /a/?
/r/anime or ADTRW?
I know.
Counting two-cour anime as 'this season'...fucking disgusting.
>no mikakunin
why
just further proof NnA is the best show airing right now
>>101949869
this, it's pretty much how /a/ looks like
/a/ isn't any different than reddit, it's full of retards and normalfags
So they have exactly the same tastes as /a/?
>the people we hate like the things we like
>the things we like are shit!
>>101950004
no, they are exactly the same people who go to /a/
>>101949765
>>101949785
>>101949833
>>101949903
>imlying this poll wouldn't have the same results on /a/
>>101950073
I stopped liking Kill la Kill because of this.
>>101949765
What the fuck were you even doing there?
>>101949931
"I'm watching Kill la Kill last season"
Kill La Kill confirmed shit
>>101950122
Stop lying.
>>101950284
You can't lie about a prediction, retard
>>101950195
Your mistake was liking it in the first place. What's wrong with you?
>Reminder of what came out oflast AOTS poll on /a
It's not exactely "what are you watching" poll, but that's the closest we had as thread+poll lately i guess.
>>101949994
I think /a/ is a little better, I like to browse some reddits on my phone when I am smoking or in the bathroom since its easier to lurk than 4chan is.
/r/justrolledintheshop, /r/popping, /r/cars, /r/diy. Stuff like that
It is more amazing how many users are noticeably from both, more of a stigma of each other that everyone on both hates.
However /r/anime from what I last saw a couple weeks back when I checked it out out of boredom was way more flavor of the month and shit. It is absolute disgusting.
>No Pilots Love Song.
Yep awful taste confirmed.
>>101949765
>/r/anime
Stopped reading right there
>>101950235
"I'm still watching Kill La Kill"
>>101950449
I go to /r/shitredditsays because I like to laugh and then get horribly depressed.
inb4 space dandy
>>101950449
Please fuck off and stay there, you are the cancer.
The thing is Kill la Kill is probably the most watched show here too, just maybe by a lower margin.
>>101950449
you suck dude.
>>101949869
WAY more votes for Samurai Flamenco and Sekai Seifuku on our end.
>>101950535
Is stuff like this why?
>>101950593
>Please fuck off and stay there, you are the cancer.
Ouch man, Its like going on a place to view cars and shiity jobs of mechanics who have to deal with because cancer like you doesn't know jackshit and fucks their car up in some of the most dumb ways.
But hey I never signed up and only browse, so please tell me how I am the cancer.
I've never been to that site, but I was under the impression that it had accounts and thumbsup-esq post priority, you know, the two reasons a lot of us don't go to sites other than /a/ to talk to people
>>101950595
If you count right now, yes. But if you asked /a/ in a few seasons what they watchED, KlK would be a lot lower
(Since a lot of temporary posters/lurkers come to /a/ because of KlK)
>>101950654
ThisI knew very little about John Carter before catching it on Netflix. I knew that it tanked at the box office. I knew that fans of the book didn’t like it much. I knew that people didn’t like it all that much in general.
However, I’m a sucker for sci-fi. Even poor sci-fi has me hooked, so I decided to check it out.
The haters are wrong, in my opinion. This was an incredibly fun film and I loved it. Filled with a lot of humour and action, John Carter is well over two hours long but doesn’t feel like it. Carter himself zips from action scene to action scene without it ever getting repetitive.
The aliens in the movie were great too. The Tharks and the zippy dog thing were great fun (I realise fans of the book are probably horrified that I misspelled something there).
I’ve never read the book. Maybe if I had, I’d be horrified too. This wasn’t anything ground breaking. It wasn’t anything that will redefine the genre. It was a thoroughly enjoyable adventure movie with a satisfying ending.
The only downside I could point to would be the bad guys. They were very one-dimensional. They’re pretty much there to motivate the hero. However, it didn’t stop me enjoying this movie from start to finish. I’d recommend it to anyone who likes fast moving action-comedies, or anyone who loves sci-fi.:It turns out that eating chewy, gooey dried fruit isn't the healthy snack you think it is. bar has 30 grams of sugar, which is less than what's in about a cup of dried. Fruit is an integral part of good nutrition as it provides nutrients necessary for good medium-sized orange contains about 7 g more sugar than a snack-sized bar of Fruit is healthiest when it is pure and whole; canned fruit and dried fruit may. Fruit and nut bars sound healthy, and in some cases they are, but not all of them are created equal. By themselves, dried fruits and nuts are nutritious.
Why fruits are healthy dried fruit bars healthy - college footballThe Globe and Mail hide navigation. The fiber of fresh fruit has more integrity and water content. Globe Wealth open sub categories. The surprisingly hygge-appropriate reason airport gate areas are Fresh fruit contains lots of fluid, which fills us up.
Com college: Why fruits are healthy dried fruit bars healthy
I confirm. All above told the truth. We can communicate on this theme.Dario Sorano press kit
Dj / Continue Reading →One of the main functions of the Orchestration Server is to run application requests, called jobs, on grid resources. Because the Orchestration.
Before a job can run, the Orchestration Server administrator must deploy it, which involves moving it from a development state to a state where it is ready and available for users. Only the administrator has the necessary rights to deploy a job.
There are three methods you can use to deploy a job:
Deploy from the Orchestration Console by right-clicking thecontainer in the Explorer panel.
Deploy from the Orchestration Console by selecting themenu in the Orchestration Console.
Deploy from the zosadmin command line (zosadmin deploy path_to_job).
For this walkthrough, we will deploy a simple job developed for Orchestration Server customers to demonstrate how jobs are deployed and run. Although the walkthrough shows only the first method for deploying, the other methods are relatively simple, so no further explanation is provided.
In the Explorer panel of the Orchestration Console, right-click theobject, then click to open the Select the Component File to Deploy dialog box.
Open thedrop-down list, then navigate to the location of the job you want to deploy.
Although a job developer can store Orchestration Server jobs at any location on the network, the sample jobs shipped with the Orchestration Server are limited to the directories where the product is installed. For this walkthrough, navigate to the /opt/novell/zenworks/zos/server/examples directory on the Orchestration Server. If the Orchestration Console is installed on a Windows machine, the default location is c:\Program Files\Novell\zos\clients\examples.
Select whoami.job, then click to deploy the job to the container.
Thejob appears in the container and in the container in the tree.
When deployed, the job is sent over the wire to the Orchestration Server with which it is associated. It is persisted there until undeployed.
When the job is available, you need to create a user who can run that job. For more information, see Section 2.3, Creating a User AccountBrief intro
Chika Ezeanya-Esiobu is a researcher, teacher, non-fiction and fiction writer, and a public intellectual. Chika holds a Ph.D. in African Development and Policy Studies from Howard University in Washington D.C.
I discovered Chika in a recent TED talk, where she talks about how Africa can use its traditional knowledge to make progress, and I immediately emailed her an invitation to join experimentQ podcast. I am a big believer in learning experiences crafted with respect to local identity and cultural context, and I was looking forward to Chika’s perspective.
This was the first distance / aka Skype recorded interview, between Mumbai and California, and I am immensely grateful for Chika who offered almost 2 hours of her time, for us to uncover stories leading to a career as indigenous knowledge expert, the current state of curriculum on the continent and a vision for the future of Africa, when it comes to education, dignity and progress.
Show notes
03:25 - A life of asking questions. Chika's biography
05:05 - A question from Episode 05's guest
07:50 - On human beauty and truth
10:30 - Hashtags game: Seek - Believe
12:00 - Why education?
14:40 - Wow learning experiences in 2017
17:15 - On competition in schools and communities
19:20 - African gift inspirations
20:40 - On failure and success
25:00 - The mission to build dignity for the Africans.
28:15 - On starting a career in Indigenous Knowledge Systems
33:40 - People who contributed to indigenous knowledge development
35:10 - From banking to a truth seeker
39:25 - Convictions about African curriculum over time
43:50 - On documenting and sharing indigenous knowledge
47:40 - How to bring African authenticity into the mainstream and youth culture?
54:30 - The tragedy of losing community knowledge
59:05 - Two scenarios for the future of education on the African continent
1:02:20 - Building space for kids’ self-awareness/discovery
1:04:50 - Learning environments for offline schools
1:06:55 - How can we recognise learning experience outside schools?
1:16:30 - Enlightened human beings
1:20:50 - The role of parents and communities for better learning
1:28:15 - Books and authors on African Indigenous Knowledge
1:32:10 - Advice for educators
1:34:10 - Advice for young students
1:36:40 - If I were the Minister of Education in an African country
1:39:00 - Open mic: Africa is blooming
1:41:10 - A question from the community member - Freddy
Books
- Before We Set Sail
- The West and the rest of us
- Decolonising the African mind
- Whose Education for All?
- The Africans: A Triple Heritage
People
Links / Resources
- ChikaforAfrica.com
- Chika's reading recommendations
- Chika on Twitter
- experimentQ on SoundCloud
- experimentQ on PatreonROLE PURPOSE:
The Sponsorship Field Office Manager is responsible for the development and management of all Save the Children’s programmes as well as humanitarian response, representation and advocacy in the field office. He/ She will work with other managers to ensure that programmes are carried out in line with Save the Children country and global priorities. The post-holder will also be expected to effectively and efficiently coordinate operations systems, processes and activities so that programmes are delivered on time according to organisational strategy, donor requirements and within allocated budget.
The Sponsorship Field Office Manager will be responsible for overseeing the implementation of the sponsorship funded program according to SC Sponsorship policies, procedures and standards. Within his/her capacity the Sponsorship Field Office Manager will work closely with the Director Programme Operations and Technical Units to meet all sponsorship-related objectives as well as to ensure that day to day activities are coordinated with the Senior Field Coordinator. The Sponsorship Field Office Manager ensures that sponsorship resources are focused on reaching strategic objectives, retaining sponsors, meeting sponsor expectations and adhering to all internal and external standards.
KEY AREAS OF ACCOUNTABILITY:
- Through thematic programme managers/programme coordinators, oversee development and implementation of work/program in Health, Education, including Humanitarian Response in the field office; ensuring work is closely aligned with Save the Children organisational objectives/work plans is implemented in strict conformity with donor agreements, and meets the highest standards of technical quality.
- Assume overall management of all programme development and implementation activities in the field office.
- Monitor programme activities to ensure their compliance with Save the Children country and global policies and procedures as well as donor regulations and agreements.
- Collaborate with the Director Programme Operations and the Program Technical Unit to prepare the sponsorship section of the Country Annual Plan (CAP) and Annual Report.
- Lead in all budget planning related to sponsorship.
- Ensure that Sponsorship funded programs reflect the best of Critical Appraisal Skills Programme (CASP) and that the program cycle for all CASP modules is fully completed and documented.
- Ensure appropriate reports, phase over plans are developed and presented to the Country Office (CO) leadership for discussion and endorsement.
- Ensure that systems are in place to monitor child eligibility and participation in sponsorship-funded programs.
- Report ineligibility of any enrolled child within established timeframes and monitor the sponsor termination rate monthly as well as take appropriate actions to ensure that the rate is minimized and as per target.
- Ensure compliance with the Sponsorship Policies and Procedures Manual and external standards including the InterAction Sponsorship Certification Standards.
- Ensure that proper parental consent is obtained for all enrolled children. Oversee annual updating of data and photos for all enrolled children annually through the AFU process.
- Utilize the ASISt database to the maximum of its capacity for monitoring and reporting functions throughout the sponsorship management system. Ensure that staff members are trained in the use of ASISt.
- Work with staff and communities to enroll children in sponsorship. Meet annual enrollment targets.
- Ensure that community members and parents of sponsored children have a firm understanding of sponsorship and SCI through sponsorship orientation session(s).
- Collaborate with HR and Operations to ensure key stakeholders, incl. communities have good understanding of the SCI child safeguarding policy and adhere to its content.
- Lead quality improvement efforts to ensure that key areas for improvement are identified each year and progress toward improvement is tracked.
- Provide effective management of human resources by providing direction to sponsorship staff, set performance objectives/strategies that relate to Sponsorship policies and procedures. In order to achieve operational and strategic objectives.
- Conduct regular Field Office Sponsorship staff meetings and ensure strong accountability to beneficiaries.
- Participate in the elaboration and implementation of the Country Strategy Plan (CSP), the Country Annual Plan, and other strategic planning processes as may be required by the Zambia programme.
- Represent Save the Children to local authorities, donors and civil society organisations in the field
- Ensure optimal security management procedures and practices are in place and continually monitor the security situation, adapting staff safety procedures accordingly.
- Ensure compliance with all relevant Save the Children policies and procedures with respect to child safeguarding, health and safety, equal opportunities and other relevant policies.
Staff Management, Mentorship, and Development
- Ensure that all staff have clear job descriptions, understand and are able to perform their role.
- Manage team; define expectations, provide leadership and technical support as needed, and evaluate direct reports regularly.
- When, necessary ensure the recruitment and training and of staff as appropriate and ensure availability of appropriate professional development opportunities for staff.
- Manage the performance of all staff in the field office.
The post.The venerated RGIII and the rest of the not-so venerated Washington Football Club arrived in Green Bay for a date with infamy. It was ugly, and by "ugly," I mean "UGG-A-LEE!" Not only did the team have to deal with a few thousand obnoxious "cheese heads," screaming in some incomprehensible football language ("cheers" I think it's called), but they had to run a gauntlet of set up by the Oneida Indian Nation over the team name. So, to "pack" (pun intended) salt into the wound, the Packers just proceeded to thoroughly, completely, unquestionably, absolutely, and systematically KICK OUR ARSES! There's not much I can say about this game, except..."Oww!" and "Ouch!" and "Dag, yo? Why in my nads?" I think I'll just have to develop a taste for the old raven (crow), because it looks like I'm going to be feasting on it this year.
4 comments:
Sorry, man, but for the rest of us it's great because you make us laugh when you eat crow.
I've grown used to swallowing feathers--they don't hurt so bad going down!
Thanks, Geo. Monday morning, I was smugly singing, HTTR, but changed the second line to "Hail mediocrity." Your Detroit game this week will be telling on how the rest of your season goes.
Rick the first two games already TOLD how the season will go! Detroit giving 10.You are a fan of looking cooking ? Come to discover the best forums looking cooking on the internet and share your experience with a community fan of looking cooking . You can also build a forum looking cooking and create your online discussion.
Friends sharing recipes, cooking techniques & menu ideas in a friendly atmosphere.
#cooking, friends, sharing, recipes, techniques, menu, ideas, friendly, atmosphere : Cooking discussion. Kitchen Friends. Free forum Kitchen Friends Cooking discussion
free, kitchen, friends, #cooking, discussion
Where all are free to think, speak, and act as they wish
james, gang, grill, free, speak, think, cars, history, news, movies, politics, debate, #cooking, comedy
This isn't the forum you're looking for.
Free Recipes For Halogen Oven. Forum provides help, tips and advice for cooking in the Halogen Oven
halogen, oven, recipes, cookbooks, tips, help, advice, food, freebies, kitchen, gadgets, freebie, shop, baking, pizza, cakes, recipe, accessories, #cooking, cookboSoftware Engineer - Progress
- Two years of application development experience in Progress 4GL
- Five years of experience in general software development methods
- Four years of collaborative development experience
- Established work portfolio
- Extensive knowledge of unit testing
- Strong experience in all aspects of the software lifecycle
- Oral and written communication skills regardless of audience and superb attention to detail
- Willing to work with the Quicken Loans programming standards
What’ll Make You Special
- HTML experience
- Related experience in software testing and design
- Team-orientedWhen I learned WPF I couldn´t figure out how to create a simple binding from my XAML to some property in my code-behind file. Now when I know I thought that I should share this small piece of knowledge and spare you the frustration that I had.
One way to create a binding is to bind to another element in your XAML-file. E.g. Text=”{Binding SomeProperty, ElementName=MyOtherElement}” where SomeProperty is a property in your MyOtherElement. MyOtherElement is the name (x:Name) of an element in your XAML-file. With this knowledge we just set a name on our root element (Window, Page, UserControl or whatever) x:Name="myRoot" and then refer to that name in ElementName. E.g Text="{Binding MyLocalProperty, ElementName=myRoot }". The MyLocalProperty is then a property in our code-behind file. This can be a standard property or a dependency property.
Download the sample project (BindToAPropertyDemo.zip).
9 comments:
Thanks! quick and helpful.
Thanks Anders. You just made my day!
Thank you! this is EXACTLY what i'm searching for! very useful
Thanks!!! This is exactly what I was looking for!
Thanks. i have been googling for a couple of hours..
The link to is not working anymore..
THANK YOU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You save my day !! :D
Where is the demo for this? I am trying my hardest to get this to work and it always fails. Your download link does not work anymore.
Thank you much!The league is set up. To join:
1) Go here
2) Click join a league under Football 2008. The free version. You’ll need to sign into yahoo.
3) Enter the league ID. It is 319082. Its called Science Football
4) Enter the league password: science
5) Create your team name (use your blog name if you’d like). Tell it not to display your email if you want to stay private.
6) Wait for info about the upcoming draft.
The number of teams is limited to 10 right now. We can expand (or contract) if needed. Let’s have fun…
AdvertisementsIt’s the first snow of thew winter and Cory!! is exited!! So excited he changed the name of the show! We start off with a review, and because it’s out on DVD. Cory!! finally watched Spider-Man Homecoming, so he and Joe discuss it. SPOILERS ABOUND!
Joe also found one of the old Hot Comics newsletters from November 1994, so we discuss what comics were like in that bygone era. Joe talks about the small shop he had back then and the people who were working there at the time. Joe reads the newsletter so we can find out about:
-Joe tells you to get a pre-nup!
-What happened to Capital City Distribution
-What was selling well and what wasn’t back then
-Who bought the Image books from 1992 – 1994
-Upcoming comics from 1994! Will any be hits?
-How did shops promote the Age of Apocalypse in the X-Men books
-Cory has a “Hanging at the home” story
All of this, the usual shenanigans and, as always, much, much more!!
Podcast: Play in new window | Download+ 3.768 m
mountain climbing
mountain hiking
The trail & hiking adventure around Sölden in the Ötztal Alps is as diverse and varied as the numerous three-thousanders are imposing and impressive. The offer ranges from relaxing walks in the valley or alongside the “Waalweg” irrigation channels to truly stunning summit climbs amidst high alpine scenery.
+ 3.055 m
climbing
climbing
Welcome to the "climber’s paradise". The Ötztal with its fascinating mountain scenery is the climbing paradise par excellence for the international climbing scene. 20 splendid climbing areas with more than 750 routes offer climbers countless ways to practice this vertical sport at all performance levels, and obtain new, unforgettable views.
+ 2.212 m
mountain bike
mountain bike
Whether classic mountain bikers, endursit, road racers or e-bikers: the "bike republic of Sölden" caters for all bike tastes. Almost 700 kilometres of tours traverse paved roads in the valley, on forest and gravel roads up to the steepest trails for downhill sports. In addition, numerous bike events & camps enrich the Ötztaler bike scene.
+ 1.179 m
suspension bridge
suspension bridge
longest suspension bridge
Airy spans 220 feet above the valley floor, the 83 metre long panoramic suspension bridge over the "wall gutter". Since 2013 the bold steel structure has linked the sunny plateaus of Burgstein and Brand. The crossing of this unique footbridge offers stunning views of Längenfeld and the Ötztal and the magnificent mountains.
+ 1.031 m
Ötzi village
Ötzi village
The archaeological open-air park in Umhausen is an interesting experience for the whole family. The visitor is brought closer to the life, living conditions and economies of the Neolithic period (6500 - 3000 BC.). Neolithic construction equipment, hunting and instruments and old breeds of domestic animals provide an impressive form of "time travel". Neolithic craft techniques are also presented weekly.
+ 1.058 m
hydro power
canyoning, rafting, ...
Gorge walking in Ötztal is extremely exciting and varied on account of the numerous canyons, waterfalls and mountain streams. The combination of hiking, climbing, jumping and swimming is a particular challenge that both beginners and professionals can face in the Ötztal. Multifaceted canyoning tours of varying difficulty and tested and experienced guides await.
+ 704 m
area 47
Area 47
In Austria's largest outdoor amusement park, nature and high-tech combine in a uniquely exciting and entertaining way. An entire 20,000 m2 water world including waterslide park with giant slides, 30 fun sports and a climbing paradise with high ropes course, flying fox, adventure lodges and much more provides carefree leisure and sports experiences here for both big & small.
Markets are mixed this Tuesday as tech shares continue their bad form. Europe stocks are also slightly lower after a deadlock in Brexit talks raised uncertainty about the future
A new trading week kicks off with a lot of developments from all around the globe. In the U.S., stocks and the Dollar are rising after the tax
There’s still plenty of action to follow before another trading week will come to an end. In the U.S., the Dollar remained under scrutiny amid tax reform
Global stocks struggle for clear direction after tech companies saw their shares tumble in the recent session. OPEC leaders are meeting in Vienna later today to discuss oil production
Wednesday is a busy day in financial markets with a lot of new developments. For the first time ever, the crypto giant Bitcoin smashed the $10,000 level. Meanwhile, the USD
Markets are seeing mixed movements today with Europe stocks slightly higher while Asian stocks drifted lower. Investors are waiting to hear from the Fed later today. Oil moves lower
Global markets are in full speed after a long holiday weekend. Cyber Monday, the mega online shopping day is attracting millions of shoppers from all around the world. Global
This Friday is all about shopping as hundreds of millions around the world take part in the Black Friday shopping tradition. Global stocks are looking up at the moment
It’s thanksgiving holiday in the U.S. today, meaning that stock markets will remain closed for today. U.S. shoppers are ready for the biggest shopping weekend.JamPlay.com is proud to offer you free guitar chords and chord charts. Below, you will find up to 6 voicings for the Abm guitar chord, in Standard tuning. If you are looking for the Abm guitar chord in other tunings, be sure to scroll to the bottom of the page.
Get a free account and utilize our full chord library, with the following features:
This Abm chord utilizes the visual shape of the "open" Em chord.
This is an Abm chord with Eb played in the bass. The root is omitted.Make Your Own Opoly Board Game
- Enter your model number to make sure this fits.
- Everything you need is included in the box!
- From birthdays to holidays to Bar/Bat Mitzvahs!
- It has to be the best game you've ever owned because YOU made it yourself
- Everything you need is included in the box!
- From birthdays to holidays to Bar/Bat Mitzvahs!
- It has to be the best game you've ever owned because YOU made it yourself.
- Recommended Age Range 8 & above
Customers who bought this item also bought
Customers who viewed this item also viewed
Customers also shopped for
Have a question?
Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews
Please make sure that you are posting in the form of a question.
Product description
Product Description
Monopoly's popularity is of epic proportions. This quintessential board game challenges wannabe capitalists of all ages to accumulate as much wealth as possible by buying, selling, and trading properties; collecting rents; and various other windfalls.
AmazonSee all Product description
Compare to similar items
Customer reviews
Top customer reviews
There was a problem filtering reviews right now. Please try again later.
Because of this major drawback, you will need patience and Photoshop skills to make your own templates. If you can, you will make a fun game. If not, you will curse it and throw it in the garbage. Option #2 - go to one of your PC buddies and have them do all the work. It does take some planning to craft a fun game but in the end, you could make something very memorable. The good thing for me is, once I finish all these templates, then I will be able to make more make-your-own-opolies in half the time. They can make a great gift if you have the time and skills.
So three stars for making me do ALL THE WORK!
What this offers is simply -minor- customization. Street names (but not the prices), low quality images for the streets and 4 of the 4 corner spaces, 24 cards to divide between "Good News" and "Bad News" (yeah, you can't name them yourself), and that's pretty much it.
Don't be fooled by the box or the product description. You're better off getting some other board game kit, or simply getting some cardboard, markers, paints, paper, etc. and making your own boardgame from scratch..
Customer images
Most recent customer reviews
Cons: awful tech support and compatibility issue, not true monopoly board
Bought this game for people to sign as a guest book for my wedding.Read moreFormer Everton striker James McFadden is 'unlikely' to join Motherwell this summer, according to the club's boss Stuart McCall.
The 29-year-old is currently a free agent after leaving the Toffees at the end of the season, but a move to Fir Park does not appear to be on the agenda.
"James has spoken to people who are a lot higher than I am at Motherwell who deal with the purse strings and I don't think the outcome was favourable," McCall told reporters.
McFadden scored 15 goals in 48 games for Scotland.We love to see whats next. Dy by day exhibitions are becoming more popular for both: visitors and companies. The IFA is stronger than ever: 1.823 exhibitors from all over the world present in Berlin innovations such as networked washing machines, Smartwatches and virtual reality glasses.
Today is the launch of the 56. International radio exhibition, which will take place 2.-7 September in the exhibition halls under the Berlin Funkturm. Which alone had not been sufficient this year however, to master the record crowds at exhibitors with 1.823 is 15% more than 2015 so the fair has created station Berlin in Kreuzberg alternative accommodation with the. The event is now a total of 158,000 m2.
Smart Home: washing machine ordered washing powder
And what does the IFA 2016? To such novelties for the smart Internet connect home, in which household appliances. Bosch, Siemens and Bauknecht integrate, for example, the dash order button from Amazon in their washing machines.
The small device look like a doorbell and are attached directly to the device. Washing powder is coming to an end, pushes the owner on the button and on the Internet raises a re-order.
Such innovations could stimulate the market for large household appliances. by 2015, he held world’s stable with one by one percent to 486 million sold units.
Smartphone beats digital camera
Total weakens the industry however. Sales worldwide is expected to by five percent to 814 billion euros go back, says Hans-Joachim Kamp, Chairman of the Board of the IFA Organizer godgift. Why? One reason is the exchange rate developments between the euro and the U.S. dollar in the past few years.
In addition: products cannibalize themselves. The sales of digital cameras has declined, for example, by 22% to 36 million units. On the other hand are estimated 1.4 billion Smartphones that 2016 will go over the counter and have some excellent cameras aboard.
Samsung shows Smartwatch S3 mobile surfing
The market for Smartwatches seems to look however, rosy. 2017 he could double up smoothly, said a manager of the electronics company Samsung to the mirror. The market research company Gartner expects 66.3 million units sold–by 2015, traders sold 40.3 million units. Samsung is therefore traveled with the gear S3 at the IFA, a new Smartwatch with 1.3 inch small display, dual-core processor and eSim mobile surfing.
Shortly before Christmas, the IFA is an ideal platform for business development, Kamp explained: “The IFA is the globally most important order fair with an order volume of last more than 4.35 billion € and the most important platform for trade and industry at the beginning of the most successful season around the holiday shopping season.”
Maybe there are again particularly outlandish ideas this year. by 2015 an employee of an IT security company has come up with implant a microchip under the skin.Millhouse
October 2016
Client
Introfex Ltd
Website
millhouse.gr
One of my most recent projects, millhouse.gr is a website I designed and developed for a private label brand for cereals in Greece, by Introfex Ltd.
I was hired to create a unique online presence for the brand, by differentiating it from its competitors. The aim was to appeal to people of all ages, as well as encourage them to engage with the brand through the recipes page.
Working alongside a web developer, I managed to create an interface that is dynamic and easy to update without obstructing the existing aesthetics.
Duration: 21 weeks
Number of lectures per week: 3
Assessment: Cryptography will account for 60% of the overall mark;
Information Theory for 40%.
Cryptography will be marked entirely by Exam.
There may be a Project element in Information Theory.
End-of-year Examination: One 3-hour examination
Description:
This course is in 2 independent parts: Cryptography, given by Dr Purser; and Information Theory, given by Dr Murphy.
Dr Pursers's part of the course will be marked by Examination; Dr Murphy's part will also be marked by Examination, with a possible contribution by Project.
Dr Purser's part of the course will start in November.
This course discusses cryptography with particular reference to computer networks.
Topics (not necessarily in order of appearance):
This course will cover Algorithmic Information Theory, a subject which marries Shannon's original Statistical Information Theory to the concepts of computability and Turing machines.
According to Algorithmic Information Theory, the informational content, or entropy, of a string may be measured by the minimum length to which the string can be compressed.
Notes for the course are available on the Maths Unix System in very"/usr/local/pub/AlgorithmicInformationTheory". Read README before printing them out.
Jun 10, 1998There’s growing interest in a fruit extract from pure garcinia dr oz along with its potential use for appetite control and fat loss. Questions we obtain asked are, “Does it work? How exactly does it work? Simply how much weight will I lose?” I’ll try and answer all of these important questions and a little more.
Garcinia cambogia extract emanates from the fruit rind of your garcinia cambogia tree which grows in southern Asian and is also a detailed relative of your trees that mangosteens originate from. Scientists have found the active component in this particular extract is hydroxycitric acid (HCA).
Study shows simply how much to take
In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, 90 participants struggling with excess body weight were given either 1,555 mg of garcinia cambogia extract (60% HCA) or even a placebo thrice per day 30 to 60 minutes before breakfast, lunch and dinner every day for eight weeks. The participants were positioned on a strict diet of 2,000 calories each day from food that was prepared and delivered to them. Additionally, they took part in the 30-minute walking exercise routine five days weekly.
Researchers assessed alterations in weight, bmi (BMI), fat metabolites, serum serotonin levels, appetite and lipid profiles. The typical fat loss was 10.8 pounds within the garcinia group, which was 3 times more than the placebo group (exercise and dieting alone) who lost 3.3 pounds.*
The garcinia group also reduced their intake of food and curbed their appetite by 15%. Their appetite reduction correlated by using a significant rise in serum serotonin levels. It appears to be garcinia may suppress appetite by enhancing serotonin availability, leading to increased satiety.* As a result sense because Serotonin will be the “feel good” brain hormone that can help let you know you’re full.* In case your appetite is reduced, you’ll consume less – plain and straightforward. Remember garcinia cambogia diet reviews will not be an effective option to medication prescribed by doctors. Speak to your physician before use if you are taking any medication [especially anti-depressants including serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs)] or have got a disease.
The active component (HCA) in garcinia appears to inhibit the enzyme ATP-citrate lyase. This diverts carbohydrates far from fat storage and towards stored energy as glycogen. Increased glycogen levels are considered to send a signal on the brain how the body is “full,” causing reduced appetite and food intake.* Secondly, as previously mentioned, it appears to stimulate serotonin release which is associated with decreased diet.* In addition, it may help break up the protective perilipin layer surrounding fat cells making it easier for that body to burn fat cells.*
The most effective form to consider
The studies quoted in this post used 60% HCA from garcinia cambogia extract (Super CitriMax brand) that is patented and guaranteed to calcium and potassium to boost uptake. This is basically the ingredient utilized in lots of the reputable brands sold available on the market because of this research.
The dose with the greatest results is apparently about 1,500-1,555 mg taken before three daily meals.* That results in taking two 750-778 mg capsules, 3 times a day. However, a good short term, lower-dose study contributed to decreased calorie intake by 25% and snacking by 40% when only 500 mg was taken thrice every day. But, dexppky89 to the more comprehensive and longer-term study finished with the greater dose, it remains the recommended daily amount.* All doses mentioned derive from utilizing a 60% HCA extract .
With so many diet ingredients to pick from, why take what are the side effects to garcinia cambogia as an alternative to among the many other diet ingredients? Garcinia generally seems to work best with folks who often overeat or have appetite control issues.* You must blend it with a reduced calorie dieting and exercise.
A clinical study on the combination product of garcinia cambogia extract along with other ingredients such as gymnema sylvestre extract and chromium showed slightly better weight loss results than taking garcinia cambogia alone. Therefore, garcinia cambogia extract might be a great ingredient to pair with other diet ingredients.Roger Toussaint will try to unify his embattled union today and get the leadership to agree to a strategy for renewed talks with the MTA.
When the union’s executive board meets this evening, the fractious body needs to come together if it has any hope of staving off binding arbitration, experts say.
“It’s critically important the union speak with one voice,” said David Gregory, a law professor and labor expert at St. John’s University.
“Without a cohesive voice, the MTA is going to say we have no basis to think you can satisfactorily complete a new contract.”
After their strike, union members rejected a new contract by only seven votes, and some union leaders say it would not take much to rework the contract.
“All we have to do is tweak it,” said TWU Local 100 Vice President Bill Pelletier. “If members had a chance to vote on it again today, it would probably pass.”
jeremy.olshan@nypost.comFantasy Football Mailbag: Tuesday 9 What is Christine Michael's trade value? Or, what is his rest of season outlook? Top 10 RB?
— TDs (@F4NT45Y_TDs) September 27, 2016
This is the tweet that Twitter has been waiting for for half a decade. Well, not quite that long, but Christine Michael's athletic profile has gotten fantasy footballers excited since he entered the league. He was unable to crack the starting lineup or stay on the roster last year, and that includes the Seattle Seahawks, the Dallas Cowboys, and Washington.
Michael emerged this offseason amid injury concerns for Thomas Rawls, who is out for "a few weeks" with a fibula injury. He has taken the starting role and, well, ran with it. He has played at least 63% of his team's offensive snaps in all three games so far, something only 10 other running backs can say.
And he's been doing well, too. In terms of our Rushing Net Expected Points (NEP) metric, 44.44% of his carries have led to positive expected points gains, which ranks 14th among 39 backs with at least 20 carries. His teammates, though, have a Success Rate of just 27.59%. He's excelling while his teammates have struggled, so it's looking like he can outplay this offensive line. If and when the passing offense hits its stride, look out. With a mostly unmatched role in the offense and his promising metrics, yeah, C-Mike is pretty much a top-10 back moving forward.
@numberFire should I trade D. Thomas and Christine Michael for CJ Anderson
— Darquane McCduffie (@lukejones72) September 27, 2016
So, we just mentioned that only 11 running backs have played at least 60% of snaps this year, and DeAngelo Williams is about to fall out of that group this week with Le'Veon Bell's return. One of the guys in that group is C.J. Anderson, making him one of the few "everydown" backs through two weeks.
The main difference right now between Anderson and Michael (if we overlook their draft costs) is the offense. The Denver Broncos rank 8th in Adjusted NEP per play, and the Seahawks rank 19th. It's early and Seattle will likely climb back up the ranks, but it's never bad to tie your assets to good offenses. However the other variable in this is that Demaryius Thomas is also part of that eighth-ranked offense. His 20 targets are concerning, but he ranks 16th in Reception NEP per target among 73 receivers with at least 15 targets.
With how Michael is playing, though, and with games against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Atlanta Falcons up next for Thomas, accepting this two-for-one for Anderson tough to justify.
@numberFire Is Julio going to have a 2015 AJ Green season? Atlanta seems to be spreading the ball around much like Cincinnati did with green
— Adam Faucheux (@Afaucheux70) September 27, 2016
It's very possible, Adam. Julio Jones has 20 targets through three games on the 20th-most pass-heavy team in the NFL. Last season, Jones finished with 203 targets, a top-three mark since 2000. His current pace puts him at 106.
Jones is tied with Demaryius Thomas for 16th in Reception NEP per target among 73 receivers with at least 15 targets, so he's being efficient, but he's tied with Jacob Tamme in targets, and 8 Falcons have at least 5 targets.
Whereas Thomas and Emmanuel Sanders are looking to get more involved in the offense and combined for 20 targets in Week 3, we can't be quite as optimistic for Jones.
Offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan has said that the team won't force it to Jones, either. Up next on the schedule before their Week 11 bye are the Carolina Panthers (8th in Adjusted Defensive Passing NEP per play), the Broncos (5th), the Seahawks (4th), the San Diego Chargers (9th), the Green Bay Packers (28th), the Tampa Bay Buccaneers (24th), and the Philadelphia Eagles (1st).
It's not looking great.
Want to have your questions answered in our mailbag? Submit your questions by tweeting @numberFire or sending an email to Brandon.Gdula@FanDuel.com.Medical standards are essential to improving veterinary care. Not only do they help to reduce errors and risk to patient safety, they ensure that staff is acting in the best interest of patients and clients. Standards make sense, but are practices readily adopting them? To understand how extensively written medical standards are used in veterinary practices, VHMA surveyed less likely to create standards for: CBC/chemistry frequency recommendations (48%), microchipping recommendations (48%), other canine/feline specific diagnostic testing (42%), and nutrition recommendations (35%).
Among respondents reporting that their practice has adopted standards, more than 50% of these respondents identify more than a dozen practices and procedures for which standards exist and include: history taking, pain management, vaccinations, physician exam frequency, what to include in the physical exam, fecal exam recommendations, heartworm tests, flea and tick prevention, pre-anesthetic testing, surgical monitoring, patient body temperature monitoring, and spay/neutering.
When questioned additional medical standards that might be needed in the practice, respondents were most likely to point to nutrition recommendations (42%), followed by pain management (36%), CBC/Chemistry frequency (36%), other regular canine/feline specific diagnostic testing (32%) and history taking (32%). However, no one area emerged as sorely lacking in medical standards.
Can We Count on Your Support?
When staff agrees and supports the medical standards that have been adopted by a practice, there is a stronger probability that the standards will be adhered to and implemented. Among survey respondents, 69% said that staff agreed with the standards. Furthermore, 60% of respondents reported that staff reinforces the standards consistently with clients and 40% reported that the standards are enforced sometimes. While 28% described staff acceptance of the standards as a “mixed bag”—some agree with them, others do not—information was not provided about the ratio of those who agree to those who do not. Only 3% said that, in general, staff does not agree with the standards. And although staff may agree with the standards, not one respondent said that staff does not enforce the practice’s standards.
The majority of respondent (80%) say that their standards are consistent with or exceed AAHA/AVMA standards. Less than 3% described their standards as fall below thee guidelines.
The positive take away from this survey is that practices understand that medical standards are powerful tools that can be used to fine-tune practice performance, protect the health and safety of clients and provide clients with critical information about caring responsibly for their pet. Further evidence of practice’s commitment to quality care is the significant number of practices that have adopted a broad array of standards. Practices that have not adopted medical standards would be well-served by revisiting the decision and assessing the implication of operating guidelines.
VHMA's Champion's Workbook helps practices develop and implement medical standards - VHMA members can get a free copy by ordering before December 31,A UKSBD Service - Subscribe to UKSBD : Review
Reference Number. 199283
Add Listing : Edit Listing : Upgrade
Add Listing : Edit Listing : Upgrade
Quality Counts Bookkeeping and Buiness ServicesQuality Counts Bookkeeping and Business Service is a complete business support service designed to assist local and countrywide businesses with their accounts. We are a family run business with over 15years experience in the Accounting and Finance sector. Quality Counts offer bespoke services, as each business is recognised as being individual and unique. Quality Counts is able to offer on-site services utilising companies existing IT packages or alternatively off-site services in our own offices. Quality Counts offer complete peace of mind regarding security and confidentiality as all paperwork is collected, processed and delivered back by our own courier. We offer a variety of services to include all aspects of accounts preparation, VAT returns, personal and income taxation and C.I.S to name but a few. Engaging Quality Counts Bookkeeping Service will bring you not only additional time to spend on other activities but also peace of mind that your accounts are in safe hands. So as a business owner why put up with the additional paperwork stress? Let Quality Counts take your paperwork headaches away! Engage us with complete confidence - as we all know Quality Counts.
15 Milton Street
Darlington
Durham
DL1 4ET
01325 249359
Darlington
Durham
DL1 4ET
01325 249359
To upgrade your business listing - See Upgrade Options »
Boost your directory listing by sharing it on your social networks.
Boost your directory listing by sharing it on your social networks.
Share on Facebook.
Share on Google.
Keywords - Accounts Preparation - Bookkeeping Services - Accounting - C.I.S - VAT
Information provided by UK Small Business DirectoryQuality Counts Bookkeeping and Buiness Services are listed in; Accountants Listings : Accountants Directory : Accountants in Durham : Accountants in Darlington : Durham Business Directory : Darlington Business Directory
Quality Counts Bookkeeping and Buiness Services on Google Maps - Google Business Finder - Optimise your Google Maps listing with - Google Maps OptimisationThis personality profile is based on the writing of Alex [No Way] created at the website: Handwriting Wizard.com - Handwriting University's Official automated personality report creator based on standardized basic personality traits as taught through Handwriting University's Certification Level Program.
Alex is moderately outgoing. Her emotions are stirred by sympathy and heart rendering stories. In fact, she can be kind, friendly, affectionate and considerate of others. She has the ability to put herself into the other person's shoes.
Alex Alex. Alex is an expressive person. She outwardly shows her emotions. She may even show traces of tears when hearing a sad story.
Alex, Alex doesn't write too large or too small, indicating a balanced ability to be social and interact with others.
Alex will demand respect and will expect others to treat her with honor and dignity. Alex believes in her ideas and will expect other people to also respect them. She has a lot of pride.
Alex is not facing something going on in her life today. She is deceiving herself about it. Often, Alex's opinion of herself is different than those around her. This trait gives Alex the ability to deny anything that does not agree with her "truth." This trait is not always something negative. It is only a defense mechanism allowing Alex not to face some reality in her life at this time.
Alex.
Diplomacy is one of Alex's best attributes. She has the ability to say what others want to hear. She can have tact with others. She has the ability to state things in such a way as to not offend someone else. Alex can disagree without being disagreeable.
In reference to Alex Alex. Alex can then switch into her low gear. When she is in the slower mode, she can be creative, remember longer and stack facts in a logical manner. She is more logical this way and can climb mental mountains with a much better grip.
Alex's true self-image is unreasonably low. Someone once told Alex that she wasn't a great and beautiful person, and she believed them. Alex also has a fear that she might fail if she takes large risks. Therefore she resists setting her goals too high, risking failure. She doesn't have the internal confidence that frees her to take risks and chance failure. Alex is capable of accomplishing much more than she is presently achieving. All this relates to her self-esteem. Alex's self-concept is artificially low. Alex will stay in a bad situation much too long... why? Because she is afraid that if she makes a change, it might get worse. It is hard for Alex. Alex is an example of someone living with a low self-image, because their innate self-confidence was broken.
Something is incomplete in Alex's life. She feels frustration relating to her physical needs and desires. Somewhere in her life there is some disappointment, non-fulfillment, and interruption. This is very likely to relate to Alex's sexual needs.
Alex has a healthy imagination and displays a fair amount of trust. She lets new people into her circle of friends. She uses her imagination to understand new ideas, things, and people.August 24, 2016
Visa Rolls Out Digital Commerce App
June 9, 2016
This week, Visa rolled out an app that will enable issuing banks to offer mobile services around their Visa-issued credit, debit and prepaid cards. Through the Visa Digital Commerce app, issuers can offer their customers bank-branded P2P payments, fraud alerts and, in some cases, tokenized mobile contactless payments at the point of sale. The app also makes it easy for a bank’s customers to enroll in Visa Checkout, an online payment method Visa cardholders can use enabling one-click checkout at e-commerce sites in 16 countries.
 for North America at Visa Inc. “We are getting great feedback from clients who are implementing the app and are excited to make it available to more financial institutions nationwide.”
The app, which launched with 40 financial institutions on Tuesday, also will enable users to check balance information, control card spending and take advantage of loyalty programs.Ethiopian scientist Dereje Agonafer to receive awardJuly 27th, 2009 | by addis portal |
Ethiopian-American professor Dereje Agonafer is due to receive award for excellence in research and development related to electronic packaging (Science and Engineering).
Prof. Dereje Agonafer will receive the 2009 InterPACK Excellence Award in San Francisco this July, 2009. Such award and recognition in the areas of science and engineering will motivate young Ethiopians and Ethiopian-American students.
Awardees are selected because they have demonstrated excellence and international recognition in the area of research and development related to electronic packaging, as well as service to the technical community at large.
Previous winners of this award are Dr. Alan Kraus, Dr. Wataru Nakayama, Dr. Richard Chu, and Prof. Avi Bar-Cohen. Dr. William T. Chen, President of IEEE CPMT Society; and Senior Technical Advisor for ASE will also receive the award.
InterPACK ’09 is an international forum for exchange of state-of-the art knowledge in research, development, manufacturing, and application on the packaging and integration of Electronic and Photonic Systems, MEMS (Micro Electo-Mechanical Systems), and NEMS(Nano-electro Mechanical Systems). This conference will be the 10th in the InterPACK series that began in 1993. It is the flagship technical meeting of the ASME Electronic and Photonic Packaging Division (EPPD), with the participation of JSME, IEEE-CPMT, and iNEMI.
Biography
Professor Dereje Agonafer has always been very active in professional society programs. He has been Guest Editor of special issues of The Journal of Electronic Packaging, The Journal of Heat Transfer, and IEEE’s Transactions on Components, Packaging, and Manufacturing Technology. He has published extensively both journals and conference papers and has 8 issued patents. Since 2002, he has been a member of the “ASME Technical Executive Committee.” He was Editor in Chief, “Gordon and Breach Book Series in Electronic Packaging (1997-2000),” and has and continues to serve as an Associate Technical Editor, “ASME Journal of Electronic Packaging (2001-2007).” He is currently the Editor in Chief of ASME Press Book Series in Electronic Packaging and the first book in that series was published in September 2002. From July 1997 – July 2000, he served as Chair of the ASME K-16 Committee in the Heat Transfer Division. He was Chair of the ASME Electrical and Photonic Packaging Division in 2000, and currently chairs the “Computer Aided Design in Electronic Packaging Committee” in the same division. Professor Agonafer has participated in numerous professional society meetings as session chair, panel moderator/panelist and conference leader. He has been involved very actively in ITHERM (Intersociety Conference on Thermal and Thermo Mechanical Phenomena in Electronic Systems) since the inception of the conference in 1988 and served as the Program Chair for 1994 ITHERM IV, and was the General Chair for 1996 ITHERM V held in Orlando, Fl. In 1995, at Semi-Therm in San Jose, Professor Agonafer teamed with Professor Sammakia, Professor Joshi and Dr. Sathe to teach a course entitled “Thermal Design of Electronic Systems: From Portables to Mainframes.” Since then, the four have teamed up and have taught the course a number of times at ITHERM and Interpack. Also, Professor Sammakia and Professor Agonafer offered a tutorial on “Fundamentals of Electronic Packaging” at IMECE 2003 (Washington, DC), IMECE 2004 (Anaheim, CA), Interpak 2005 and presented a similar workshop at IMECE 2005 in Orlando. He has also been actively involved with InterPACK Conference (The Pacific Rim/ASME International, Intersociety Electronic and Photonic Packaging Conference). Professor Agonafer was the General Chair of InterPACK ‘99, which was held in Maui, Hawaii, June 1999. In 1994, he led US delegates to the World Congress on Computational Mechanics in Chiba, Japan, to give an invited lecture. In September 1997, he gave an invited lecture at Therminc Workshop in Cannes, France, and a keynote lecture at the 10th International Heat Pipe Conference in Stuggart, Germany. In Summer 2000, he offered a number of courses in Japan, and in Summer 2001, he offered short courses in Singapore, Panang, Seoul, Taipei, Shanghai, Tokyo, and Osaka. In January 2005, he presented an invited seminar at the US/Africa Materials Workshop in Capetown, South Africa. In September 2006, he gave the opening keynote seminar at the “17th International Symposium on Transport Phenomena (ISTP-17)” in Toyama, Japan. In academic year 2007-2008, he gave invited seminars at Tufts University, North Eastern University, MIT and Harvard University. This past August, he was the luncheon speaker at the Summer Cooling Zone Summit held in Natick, Ma and will again do so at the upcoming cooling zone summit.
Professor Agonafer has been servin on the Scientific Advisory Board of an NSF Center, Mid-Infrared Technologies for Health and the Environment (MIRTHE) at Princeton University since 2007. He also serves on the Deans Engineering Advisory Committee at both University of Colorado and Howard University. Professor Agonafer is a Fellow of The American Society of Mechanical Engineers International (ASME) and Fellow of The American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS). He is also a member of IEEE, AIAA, ASEE and NSBE. In March 1996, he received the “The National Society of Black Engineers Alumni Extension Technologist of the Year” award. In April 1998, Professor Agonafer was the recipient of the “The University of Colorado School of Engineering Distinguished Engineering Alumni Award (DEAA) in the category of Research and Invention.” The award “represents the most significant honor the College gives and acknowledges the highest professional achievements.. Professor Agonafer received the Thermi Award at the 24th Annual Semi-Therm, March 2008, in San Jose, California (). In July 2009, he will deliver a keynote seminar in San Francisco as a recipient of the 2009 InterPACK Excellence Award as cited “A seal of Dereje’s excellence in research, standing and recognition in electronic packaging and a reflection of UTA’s rise within the international community.”
Professor Agonafer was at MIT as a MLK visiting scholar September 1, 2007 – August 31, 2008.Item # 177187
Stash Points: 0(?)
Want it now.
Get it now.
The Cypher series Brigg 21" board short from Quiksilver, featuring Diamond Dobby, a 4-way stretch material which may be the most comfortable and high-performance that the design team at Quiksilver has ever put into a board short.
The quantity of an item has been updated based on available inventory at the selected store.SANTIAGO, Chile -- Protest demonstrations in downtown Santiago clogged traffic and sent military police after protesters on Monday, heightening tensions just two days before Pope John Paul II is due to arrive.
The demonstrations, together with celebrations in various parts of the city and a controversial interview granted by a prominent bishop highly critical of Gen. Augusto Pinochet brought fresh anxieties to the country.
But the development that most concerned many Chileans was the revelation that there is apparently a move under way by prominent leftist Chileans in exile in the Soviet Union, Cuba and other countries to return surreptitiously and stand trial.
Among those rumored to be attempting to return is Hortensia Bussi, the widow of Salvador Allende, the Marxist president who was deposed by Pinochet in 1973 and died during the coup. His return would have a symbolic impact on the extreme left.
Already, Clodomiro Almeyda, the Socialist Party chief who was Allende`s foreign minister, returned from exile in East Germany last week and showed up in court, asking to be tried on charges of malfeasance of public funds.
``Others are coming,`` he told a Santiago newspaper Monday.
``What is happening is that the extreme left is making the most out of the pope`s visit because they know that the authorities are not going to be taking a very hard line . . . when the pontiff is on Chilean land,`` a foreign diplomat said.
In fact, a high police official confirmed that policy when he said late Monday that he had ordered that no arrests be made among the 50 to 60 demonstrators who electrified downtown Santiago with screams of ``justice and freedom.``
``We are not going to arrest anyone begining today and through the pope`s visit,`` said the official. ``The decision is to keep everything cool and to let small and medium provocations go unanswered.``Continuing a tradition that began 60 years ago, Mercedes-Benz just unveiled their 2013 SL model. The letters “SL” have represented a blend of sport, style and comfort for six decades, but for the first time, the SL is being constructed almost entirely of aluminum, consequently tipping the scales at considerably less than its predecessor. The 2013 SL550 will become available this spring in U.S. showrooms, and compared with its successful predecessor, will serve up considerably more athletic character without sacrificing comfort, while setting new standards in the luxury roadster class.
The new SL is available with two different suspension systems, one of which is the Agility Control Suspension as standard equipment. The ABC (Active Body Control) suspension system is available as an option. Power for the SL will come from a new V8 that makes 429 horsepower; roughly 12% more despite the lower displacement, while generating 32% more torque for an increase to 516 lb.-ft. The engine features an ECO stop/start function as standard equipment, while the 7-Speed Driver-Adaptive automatic transmission has been optimized for fuel consumption and comfort. The SL550 will reach 60 mph in 4.5 seconds.
The 2013 SL combines its finely honed profile with a luxurious feel. Premium materials, perfectly finished with great attention to detail, define the style and character of the interior.. The 6th generation SL also offers a retractable hard top that can be operated using a space-saving electrohydraulic mechanism, converting the SL from coupe to roadster and back again in a matter of seconds. Two versions of the retractable hard top include either the glass or the unique panoramic roof with MAGIC SKY CONTROL.
The design of the new SL is not only aesthetically beautiful, it also boasts outstanding aerodynamic characteristics, giving the roadster top marks in its segment in three crucial areas: lowest wind noise, virtually on par with a closed sedan; the best comfort during open-air driving, meaning the roof can stay down even at high speed; and virtually no accumulation of dirt on the side windows. The SL is also perhaps the world’s safest roadster, thanks to the collision-optimized aluminum structure, standard equipment that includes PRE-SAFE and ATTENTION ASSIST, plus further assistance systems on par with the S-Class. Active Parking Assist is new in the SL. Using ultrasound sensors it can identify parking spaces and automatically steer the vehicle into the selected space.
Other new features include the unique Frontbass system that transforms the luxury sports car into a veritable concert hall with the top up or down and the highly efficient MAGIC VISION CONTROL. To coincide with the launch of the 2013 SL, Mercedes-Benz will also be offering a special-edition model, the Edition 1, for a limited period. It is superbly equipped and comes standard with AMG 19” alloy wheels, designo exclusive leather with contrasting topstitching, AIRSCARF, the Harman/Kardon Logic7 surround sound system and much more. The designo crystal silver magno special paintwork is available exclusively for the Edition 1. Interior upholstery is designo classic red/black exclusive with designo black piano lacquer wood trim.Washington will sell $786 million in general obligation bonds Wednesday in a deal that has grown nearly a quarter in response to market hunger for tax-exempt paper.
The state will price for competitive sale $398 million in various-purpose GO bonds and $388 million in motor vehicle fuel-tax GOs, according to Svein Braseth, director of the bond program for the state.
Officials increased the sale by 23% from an initial estimate of $638 million due to the favorable market, said Ellen Evans, deputy treasurer for debt management. “Interest rates are at historic lows and our goal is to save taxpayers financing costs.”
Moody’s Investors Service assigned an Aa1 rating with a stable outlook to the bonds, while Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Ratings assigned an AA-plus. All have a stable outlook.
Washington’s bonds should be be popular as demand remains high for well-rated tax-exempt paper.
“This is a market where pretty much any sort of vanilla, or high-grade paper, will be well-received,” said fixed-income portfolio manager Kenneth Naehu at Bel Air Investment Advisors in Los Angeles. “Just about all new issues will be well-received.”
The state has around $16 billion of GO bonds outstanding.
“Washington’s economy is characterized by generally sound performance and increased diversification, though current performance is weak,” Fitch said in a report this week.
Moody’s said the state has conservative budget controls, strong demographic trends and better financial flexibility due to an improved rainy-day fund going into the recession.
However, Moody’s also noted that Washington has been hamstrung by economic weakness, a steep housing downturn, and exposure to aerospace industry volatility. The rating agency said state debt ratios are above average and likely to increase.
The state recently reduced its economic forecast and is expected to revise its revenue forecast downward this week, Fitch said.
The state’s bond counsel is Foster Pepper and its financial advisers are Montague DeRose and Associates and Seattle-Northwest Securities Corp.
Subscribe Now
14-Day Free Trial
Corrected September 15, 2010 at 12:44PM: Revised Moody's rating to Aa1The Woman In White has always had a life beyond itself, and Andrew Lloyd Webber’s new musical joins the quadrilles and waltzes, cloaks, bonnets and perfumes that accompanied its sensational first appearance in 1860. The novel has also had a long career on stage, adapted quickly by Wilkie Collins himself and by several others since, but, despite the quadrilles, this is the first musical version. It is easy to chart the losses: Collins’s complex narration, his dovetailing of different accounts, the novel’s fascination with documents, letters, diaries and journals, its intricate plotting, and much of its exploration of the enigmatic nature of sexuality and human identity, are gone. The plot is ruthlessly streamlined and Collins’s wilful effrontery restrained: Marian Halcombe (the excellent Maria Friedman), for example, here has no moustache. But the musical shares with the novel a belief that underneath everyday life lies a world of unnegotiable passions that language alone is not adequate to express, and this is its strength.
Charlotte Jones, who wrote the book, takes her powerful opening scene as much from Dickens’s haunting story “The Signalman” as from Collins himself. It is the beginning of a beautifully fluid production by Trevor Nunn, lucid and direct in its narration. It is not a spectacular show, by any means: modern and cinematic in its staging, it avoids the clutter that often mars Victorian period productions. Using video projection onto revolving flats, it moves with great mobility from the open scenes of Limmeridge House to the Gothic confinement of Blackwater Park and the asylum, from country house to London low-life. Through this spatially and temporally disconcerting movement, we are made aware of the uncanniness to be found in the interstices of modern life- in a graveyard or a madhouse, in telegraph wires singing in the wind or sudden death on a railway line.
Strangely enough, Jones shirks the most famous moment, when the hero Walter meets his “deceased” love Laura at her own grave. She also substitutes for Collins’s shocking and tangled revelation of Sir Percival Glyde’s illegitimacy something of a good deal more obvious and familiar, as well as losing his climatic self-immolation Indeed in many ways. Jones makes the show more akin to an earlier melodramatic or Gothic tradition than the more complex psychological explorations of sensation fiction such as Collins’s. Whereas the novel is troubled by the fragility and vulnerability of human identity and sanity, and constantly makes us distrust our sense of who is alive or dead, sane or insane, trustworthy or villainous, here any such doubts are speedily resolved. Laura, in the book, released from the asylum in which she has been wrongly imprisoned, in unrecognised by her uncle and cannot prove who she is. On stage, all is made clear in an instant.
Collins has often been seen as proto-feminist, with his powerfully assertive women characters and questioning of male power and sexuality. This show rightly keeps the three main women characters- Laura, her half-sister Marian and her near-double Anne Catherick- at its moral and dramatic centre, but loses much of the complexity of the men: Edward Petherbridge’s Frederick Farlie is a good deal less sexually and morally ambiguous than in the book and Sir Percival (Oliver Darley) is simply a stock bad aristocrat. Michael Crawford’s fat-suited, prosthetic-jowled Count Fosco is the biggest thing in the show, in every sense a seductive villain trapped in an absurd body and poodle’s haircut. At a crucial moment, Jones cuts through Collins’s complex plotting by having Marian pretend to seduce Fosco (in a gown she borrows from the brothel downstairs) in order to find her half-sister’s hiding place. It is arguably the strongest scene in the show, which the grotesquely oral Crawford (who brilliantly succeeds in not being upstaged by a rat crawling all over him) carries off with great vulgar charm. But it also turns the plot into farce and flattens Marian and Fosco’s erotic attraction into something safer and less disconcerting.
And the music? Shortly before his death, Sir Percival complains about the terrible noise in his head, but he is being unfair to Lloyd Webber. There are predictably emphatic climaxes but also some attractive melodies and witty pastiche, at times akin to Rossini, at others achieving a sort of Wilkie-and-Sullivan effect. David Zippel’s lyrics have their occasional thumps (did I hear: “with his hanky/ he’s terribly cranky”?), but are efficient enough. The show is not, as Lucy Snowe put it about a rather different performance in Villette, “a mighty revelation”, but nor is it “a spectacle, low, horrible, immoral”. Indeed, it looks like a hit.
This article first appeared in the Times Literary Supplement, 24/09/04Clearly demonstrating the qualities of Lycra was a determining factor for the team here at Galeries Lafayette with this installation, although it does appear to have a rather sinister and skin-like feel to this scheme don't you think? If that was the intention then job well done although we have been having nightmares after viewing this little corker which simply reminds us of a scene from Hellraiser. Maybe its just our vivid imaginations?(photo/quote post inspired by nicole @ my teacups in peony. All photos taken mid-September 2009 by me on a 35mm film camera)
Life never gives us what we want at the moment that we consider appropriate. Adventures do occur, but not punctually.
{ EM Forester, A Passage to India }
“It’s been my experience that you can nearly always enjoy things if you make up your mind firmly that you will.”
{ LM Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables }
What astounded him was the knowledge that he had experienced rather little; when he thought about this he felt embarrassed; yes, he was ashamed, because to live here on earth so long and to experience so little was ignominious.
{ Milan Kundera, Laughable Loves }
The events in a man’s life pass so rapidly that many times we feel submerged in a stage so full of changes which come so suddenly that it is easy to forget that everything comes in due time.
{ Edward Mathieu, The Life of a Chef }
One thought on “Tethered to the world”
lovely pictures & quotesDown’s plan under spotlight
Lessons are learned for Oakleafers after Mournemen's tatics exposed
In public, Derry and Down players have kept their heads down this week after being drawn out of the pot to meet for the second time in the 2013 Championship.
This time, they will inch along the high-wire with no safety net. Whoever loses this is gone until the McKenna Cup next January.
For the neutral, this is the standout fixture in football this weekend. Nothing even comes close.
The actual occurrence of two teams meeting so soon in the backdoor happened in the first year of operation. In 2001, Fermanagh had beaten Donegal after a replay and lost the Ulster semi-final to Monaghan.
Come the first-ever round of the qualifiers, Donegal were waiting for Fermanagh, smarting from defeat almost a month earlier. They beat them at the scene of the crime — Brewster Park — by six points.
Thereafter, a rule was passed that teams who met in their provincial Championships, could not meet again until the later rounds of qualifiers. That was later rescinded at annual congress, several years ago.
There was some confusion regarding this after Monday's draw, especially since it also paired up Fermanagh and Cavan and privately, both Derry and Down players will dread their rematch.
In the first game in Celtic Park, commentators came away believing Down had yet to address their tactical naivety. However, they then revealed a game plan for Donegal that they had kept under dust covers for the Derry game. They have showed their hand now. Nothing about Down can surprise us.
Conor Deegan, team-mate of Down manager James McCartan for those two All-Ireland titles of the '90s, feels that travelling to Celtic Park will bring its own pressure.
“Statistically, we have seen that 60-odd% of games in the league are won at home,” he comments. “It would be higher than that for Championship. There would be a little bit of doubt I would have thought.
“I imagine that Derry will be a damn sight better prepared than before. They understand and they will have seen the likes of [Kevin] McKernan running from deep and they will try and stop that.”
He continued: “I think Down might have to tailor their game. Understand that if they are stopped, have a plan B and see what they can do to make it work.”
Apart from the psychology element, Down will have to manage to marry their style of defence employed against Donegal, to their traditional values of attacking football.
The numbers tell their own story. In the first round against Derry, Down ran up 2-15 from open play. In the semi-final, that was cut to 0-2.
“Down will have learned an awful lot about themselves in that game,” maintains Deegan. “There was an awful lot of what went on in the match that Derry will say, ‘Ok, we now know that Down can play that style of football. If they do that, this is what we are going to do'.”
In making that point, he is also careful to warn that no matter what plans Derry have laid for Down, they have still only had a matter of days to drill it into their players. The qualifiers are ruthless like that.
Deegan continues: “Down need to keep their shape, of having somebody up front who can be there to get the ball to. It's about keeping the balance right of keeping bodies up at the end of the pitch. If you want to work it out slowly that's fine, but once you are in the middle third you need to ping it into space for men to run on to. We didn't have any players up there so we were struggling to get the ball in.
“You must have the courage of your convictions and keep three men forward.
“You can line them up whatever way you want, with one at centre forward and the other two in a line to full-forward, line them whatever way you want. Leave the opposition thinking that they cannot go to sleep.”
In the opening stages against Sligo, Derry looked as if they were going to run riot. That never truly materialised but towards the end, they managed to get Eoin Bradley back on the field for gametime.
Afterwards, he took off his shirt to reveal a heavily-bandaged shoulder, having suffered a broken collar-bone in a recent club league match.
The subsequent photograph did not go unnoticed by Deegan, who wonders, “Are you sure it's the proper shoulder though?”
He then cites the example of former Clare hurler Seanie McMahon who famously played with a damaged shoulder in 1995, bandaging up the opposite shoulder so that it could withstand the inevitable ‘testing' it got from the opposition.
So many thoughts and considerations. Horrible for the players. Mouth-watering for the neutrals.
Belfast Telegraph DigitalSee All Brands•See All Categories
Items: 0 • $0.00
Tracking•Help•Contact Us
Foaming Shampoo - Puppy Description from Paw.):
$34.60SmartzLids Customer Service
About SmartzLids
Summary
Bluegreen Resorts Complaints: Bluegreen Resorts offers a huge selection of vacation packages, mini-vacations, week ... stock fraud. SmartzLids. Smartz Lids ...
Where Reviews Came From
Compare SmartzLids to
TelebrandsCompare
2154 reviews
Party CityCompare
504 reviews
Joann FabricCompare
647 reviews
Rural KingCompare
486 reviews
Tlg Great FunCompare
579 reviews
Hobby LobbyNobel Prize Winners
Hermann Hesse: The Classic Biography
The life and work of one of the twentieth century's greatest and most inspirational writers. Herman....
Second Nature
From the Nobel Prize-winning author of Doctor Zhivago. In Boris Pasternak's Second Nature the re..
Urien's Voyage
From the Nobel Prize winning author of The Counterfitters and The Immoralist. Urien's Voyage is an ..Musik in romantischer Schau
1947 · Basel
by REICH, Willi
Basel: Amerbach-Verlag, 1947. Very Good/Very Good. Very good in very good dustwrapper. Book has slight rubbing of spine and edges of cover, slight aging of pages, dustwrapper has slight wear of spine and edges of panels, written in German. Please Note: This book has been transferred to Between the Covers from another database and might not be described to our usual standards. Please inquire for more detailed condition information. (Inventory #: 249418)Conrad Sallian,
Administrator (Posts: 1596) 3:07:39 am EST
Dec 01, 2014 2:16:24 pm EST
Dec 01, 2014 2:35:08 am EST
Nov 29, 2014 7:42:22 am EST
Nov 25, 2014 1:09:17 pm EST
Nov 24, 2014 4:40:51 pm EST 16, 2014 2:26:23 pm EST
Does this means that the pc has to deleted in all instances of the Viewer before it is freed in the license.
Ps. on the lighter side of things. Just struggle with connecting to a new install until I realised that in the Viewer the last digit of the Internet Id was missing. =(
Nov 03, 2014 7:15:35 pm ESTPediatric Dentistry And Repairing A Dislodged Tooth
Pediatric Dentistry Help With Dental Emergencies
You can attempt to prevent wrestling or normal kid behavior all you want, but there may be times when accidents occur regardless. Traumatic dental injuries often occur in accidents or sports-related injuries, but sometimes something like a dislodged tooth can happen from roughhousing. Children are often known for being rambunctious and this activity can be the cause for less frequent, but more severe injuries such as a dislodged tooth which may simply be loosened. When it comes to treating this dental emergency our Edmond dentist is prepared to provide some much needed pediatric dentistry!
In the event that something like this should happen to your child, a visit to our family-friendly Edmond dentist should be an immediate plan. Call and make an appointment and we’ll try to get you in as soon as possible. Prior to arriving to our office, we recommend using a cold compress and over-the-counter medications to relieve pain. Do not attempt to pull the tooth out on your own as doing so could cause further complications!
Once you arrive at our dental office, get checked in, and get called back, our Edmond dentist will take a closer look to see if the dislodged tooth is still attached to the blood vessels and nerves. When a dislodged or loosened tooth remains attached it makes it less likely for root canal therapy to be utilized. Instead, our Edmond dentist may be able to reposition the tooth and add splints to stabilize it.
It is important to note that in the event that a dislodged tooth does not heal properly, a root canal might be required. Of course, we’ll properly prepare you and your child for this procedure before jumping right in.
If you have questions, a dental emergency, or want to know about any pediatric dentistry procedures, please contact our Edmond dentist at (405) 844-8445.Avoid Cloud Tracking
Ever since the whole NSA thing happened, Internet users have been trying to find ways to prevent online tracking. But that's really kind of silly. You see, we are linked – no, chained – to the cloud at every turn. From Gmail to social media platforms, the cloud is really everywhere.
This is especially true if you use services like Dropbox. Or, if any one of your healthcare providers currently stores private data in cloud-form (more likely than not). Your data is out there, it's available, and it can be easily seen by government eyes. Is there anything that you can do to prevent cloud tracking? Or, is the situation completely hopeless?
Here are some ways to start keeping a lower profile when you're online.
1. Change your email provider. If you use a desktop email client like Apple Mail, you won't be storing all of your private messages online. You can also encrypt all of your messages if you want to go the extra mile. Using a desktop email provider will work just as well as using a cloud-based provider, and you can control what information is seen.
2. Process words offline. A lot of writers use cloud-based services like Draft to write documents. These services are even used by company secretaries and employees, but the danger with using any kind of cloud-based processor is that anyone willing can take a peek at what you're writing. Use a traditional word processor instead (like Microsoft Word).
3. Stop banking online. I know, checking your bank account and setting up payments is so much simpler online. But, once again, all of these services are cloud-based. Want to stop government officials from hacking into your bank account? Bank offline. Yes; that means going back to paper banking.
4. Send letters. When was the last time you wrote or sent a letter? I'm betting that it was years ago, right? Well, letter writing might be a dying craft, but it's also a great way to stop anyone from intercepting what you're writing. Take to a pen and a piece of paper to write your next note!
Avoid Cloud Tracking: Shedding the Cloud Is Possible
Getting rid of all cloud traces is possible, but is it necessary? How often does any government look at your data? It's hard to tell, but you can follow the steps above to ensure that your data will be protected from Big Brother, Uncle Sam, or any other name you want to give to those checking up on you!
Photo Courtesy of The Electronic Frontier Foundation Via Flickr Creative Commons.Education is a site where the State’s hegemony is played out and resisted. The content of the curriculum continues to be a site of cultural struggle (Should History, be compulsory? Should there be one national testing system? How can testing be rendered non-discriminatory for minority students? How can other, non Eurocentric, knowledge systems be accommodated and validated?)
What is called the Hidden Curriculum, too, continues to be used as a means of social and cultural pacification and it is here that inroads can be made into the deadening methodologies of our educational practice by an engagement with Critical Pedagogy. Critical pedagogy takes as its mission the transformation of education in order to bring about greater social equity and justice - both in the classroom and out. It views the way we educate critically, noting that it induces public apathy by promoting:
• an acceptance of hierarchy
• an acceptance of the status quo power through
• an inability to think critically or
• to question authority
• to be reflective
• to weigh evidence
• to recognise the difference between reasoning and opinion
• to recognise the relationship between cause and effect
• to differentiate between espoused values and values in action
• to dialogue across difference
• work collaboratively for common goals
Critical pedagogues seek out sites and instances of oppression and inequity in the community and wider world and make these sites the subject of their work in the classroom and in the community itself revealing the workings of power and forging links between between students and oppressed groups so that they may work towards their mutual advantage.
In the articles listed below you will find many examples of Critical pedagogy in practice..
Over the last forty years working in University teaching, I developed a methodology for bringing together diverse groups of individuals to engage successfully in collective acts of consensus-building and co-creation. Others have more recently noted this methodology and given it the name The Ward Method. The method itself idelivers peak learning experiences and tangible quality outcomes. It is relatively fool-proof and fail-safe - providing that the steps and rules are adhered to. Here you will find an extended description of The Ward Method that you are at liberty to adopt and use in your own teaching work. Good luck!
To download PDF click here
New Zealand Students and Otara Youth working together on the Otara Project
In the Autumn of 1973, when I was teaching at the University of California, Berkeley, I was approached by a group of students wanting to take advantage of the Arch 191A (12 credit) course that had been designed in the aftermath of the strikes associated with Richard Nixon’s invasion of Cambodia and the Kent State killings. The course had been designed, along student demands, to provide an integrated undergraduate programme of work and study that they could direct and evaluate themselves over an extended period. By that time, the course had been running for a year, and previous projects had been very successful. Previous projects had included the design of a Mercado by a group of Hispanic students, the design of a residential Architectural Education collective, the design of a sustainable community using combinations of solar, wind and micro-hydro power systems, and, in the last project, the design and construction of a house for a client in Santa Cruz, California. That project had been very successful, but not without its problems, as students who were unaccustomed to co-creativity and group decision-making struggled with the conflicts that such a complex project inevitably brought to the surface. Now, one year later, these students wanted to repeat the process. They wanted to design and build a house, with their free labour, if they could find a client who would provide them with a site and the building materials. I accepted their challenge, and what follows is an extended and analytical record of the story of that project. The Woodside project continued to exert an influence on my work and teaching until the present. What I learned then I have applied over the thirty-five years since that time, and almost always with great success. I will always be deeply grateful to the students and client on the Woodside project for the things they taught me.
The act of co-creation is never easy. We are not taught, in school or out, how to create beautiful things with others. All of our training is directed, on the contrary, towards competitive individualism, possessiveness, and sometimes envy. The students on the Woodside project taught me to understand that it is possible to move beyond these culturally determined ethics and mores, and to attain a skill and an ability to make a better world in the company and with the help and support of caring others. That, for me, has been the most important learning in my life, and one that I now hope to pass on to others so that we can confront the problems and difficulties that face us as a community, and in so doing create a world fit for our children and their children.
To download the PDF{mosimage} click here
A Design Guided Daydream
The last two decades through the adoption of postmodern liberal ideologies. They note, quite rightly, that what now stands for critical pedagogy has been stripped of its political and transformative underpinnings and replaced by watered-down theories of critical thinking and cultural pluralism. The social, cultural and political potential of critical pedagogy - its capacity to incite cutting analysis of the nature of power relations in society and its ability to generate social and political change has been largely outflanked by the consumer, ego-centred politics of ideological fashion or in the search for warm, fuzzy consensus ideologies that refuse to ask the hard questions. The moral issues of knowledge and power - issues of oppression and subjugation, of displacement and identity-loss have been subsumed into an overarching ethic of cultural acceptance which elides any reference to class or the economic issues that flow from modern, post-Fordism capitalist development.
In this picture, it is easy to look critically at consensus -uiilding as yet another element of what has been called the Conservative Restoration in education. Apple, in particular, has been scathing in his criticism of these tendencies, and of the attempt made by the conservative Right, to eliminate any thought or reference to Conflict from the classroom environment. From this it might be assumed that there is no place for consensus-building in a learning environment, since this seems to be antithetical to the recognition and resolution of deep-seated conflicts of perception, experience and intention. The normative use of consensus-building techniques indeed is one that in general tends to generate "group-think" conceptions of reality that fail to account for strongly-held differences in belief and experience. It has also been suggested that decisions and solutions arrived at by consensus lack both the intellectual rigor or the inspired clarity of personal views and solutions. Nothing could be further from the truth. The use of specific consensus-building techniques can, on the contrary, provide an extremely useful vehicle for the uncovering and resolution of the deepest conflicts, and can lead to solutions that far exceed, in their depth of understanding and their conceptual complexity, the creations of individuals. Furthermore, consensus building processes in education nand in problem-solving can, when properly organised, lead to more penetrating insights into the relationship between power and knowledge and can help to inform and conscientise students in their understandings of not only education, but of the wider social and political context that shapes it.
Most of the Critical Education Practice Case Studies listed on this website were conducted in the Community Design Studio at the University of California, Berkeley or the University of Auckland School of Architecture in New Zealand bewtween 1972 and 2002. As you will see when you browse them, they involve projects in which students worked collectively on real projects in the community - working for and with communities who could not otherwise afford to pay professional design fees. Many of the projects are quite radical and political - particularly those carried out within the Maori community in New Zealand. New Zealand still retains much of its colonial mentality, and the identities that have been constructed over two hundred years in this social context are also part of the classroom environment. Any reference, therefore, to issues of cultural conflict can be expected to raise passionate and deeply held beliefs that stand in the way of mutual understandings. It was in this specific context, from 1982 to 2002 that I gradually developed what has since been referred to elsewhere as The Ward Method of consensus building - a student-centred method of education built on iterative learning principles and using personal and individual constructions of reality to uncover critical issues around which to focus consensus understandings and to develop solutions to seemingly intractable problems.
The method grew out of the critical design practice of the design studio, and grew slowly as difficultiues in process and learning became apparent, and as the cultural politics of the classroom and studio demanded new and unique strategies of conflict resolution. The method has never been fully theorised - the time needed for its practice greatly exceeding and often exhausting the time avaiilable. to write up results and developt systematic and coherent theories. I have several times been asked to publish the method, because, as you will no doubt gather from the case histories to be found here, it is an exceptionally powerful problem-solving tool.
In ALL of these projects (more than 60 in number) the outcome was every time more profound, more penetrating and more radical than the individual conceptions of any one single member of the group. And in every instance, the design solutions developed significantly exceeded the material, social and political expectations of our impecunious clients.
The broad outline of this method was picked up in the mid 1990s by Bill Stiles, an American psychologist from the University of Miami at Oxford, Ohio who along with his colleagues has since then has been using it in a wide variety of educational and psychanalytical settings. In the PDF available here, is a paper written by Stiles and his colleagues Hugo J. Shielke, Jonathan Fishman and Katerine Osatuke on The Ward Method. Titled: Developing Creative Consensus on Interpretations of Qualitastive Data: The Ward Method.
While not the definitive version of the method (there are, for instance elements of the group process and structure that are not accounted for) it nevertheless provides a thorough and interesting background to the literature on creative consensus-building and on the achievement levels of participants in such processes. At some point in the future, I intend to write the definitive description of the method. In the meantime this will have to do.
To download the PDF on The Ward Method click here
Architecture
Psychology
Education
In August 2009, I accepted a one-year appointment as the 2009-10 Wiepking Distinguished Visiting Professor, at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, The Wiepking is a contested position – available to all University Departments - and is offered once every three years. My appointment was promoted jointly by the Departments of Architecture, Psychology and Educational Leadership, and during the 2009-10 academic year I worked equally in each Department – teaching, leading research projects, offering university-wide public lectures and helping to develop the University’s stated intention be be recognised as an “Engaged University”. This involved me in a number of key projects:
In Psychology:
Working with the local Native American Myaamia tribe, assisting them in promoting the story of their oppression and colonisation by:
- Increasing the cultural sensitivity of Clinical Psychology students
- Conducting a participatory research project into Myaamia history with graduating Psychology students
- Designing and constructing a university-wide interactive Installation around Myaamia History in the University’s Tunnel of Oppression.
- Conducting follow-up surveys of the Miami University community.
- Developing future plans and strategies for a new Joint Residential Center for Community Engagement, between the Psychology Department and the Myaamia Project and located in the Oklahoma.
In Architecture
In Educational Leadership:
· Improving the academic performance of disadvantaged African American elementary schoolchildren at the Rothenberg Academy (K-8) in Over the Rhine by:
Engaged Learning Symposium
To download the PDF click here
From August 2009 I took up a position as Wiepking Distinguished Professor at the University of Miami in Oxford, Ohio. I was working in three Departments - Architecture, Educational Leadership and Psychology. In the first semester, I worked with Bill Stiles on a project involving twelve senior Psychology students in a 3 credit Capstone Course: Voices of Native Americans. The intent was to develop a collaborative research project with the Myaamia Tribe of Oklahoma who had once been the original inhabitants of the Oxford area before their forced removal at gunpoint in 1846. The University in Oxford was named after them and stands on land that they once owned. The intended research was hoped to map the ways in which the Myaamia reconcile the differing voices in their mental world - the American vs. the Indian voices, for instance. As it turned out the project unfolded in ways very different from those anticipated, although the final course of the project was, in hindsight very predictable.
What follows is the report on that class project, with reflective thoughts from both the instructors and the students, and a detailed description of the Tunnel of Oppression installation.
To download the PDF click here
Sustainable Block Development, Over-The-Rhine
My good friend and colleague, Tom Dutton at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio has been working with his architecture students for several years in Over-the-Rhine - a downtown ghetto in Cincinnati. Over-the-Rhine is a national heritage site with 493 buildings listed with the National Register of Historic Buildings. It has the largest collection of 19th Century Italianate tenement buildings in the country - many of which are in a state of decay as a result of City Council disinvestment and financial sector redlining. This historical process of disinvestment (as in many American cities) has resulted in urban decay and very low property values - providing a cheap profiteering opportunity to the development community. download the PDF click here
This article is reproduced from the December 11th 2009 Edition of the Cincinnati Beacon. The reporter, Justin Jeffre had just come down to the city center to cover an Agitprop demonstration at Fountain Square by students from the Miami University Centre for Community Engagement in Over-the-Rhine. They were attempting to raise public awareness about the increasing criminalisation of the poor and homeless in downtown Cincinnati that was being led by the City Council and its development agency the Cincinnati Centre City Development Corporation (3CDC) - an organisation comprising developers financiers, bankers and property speculators. The poor and homeless are being harassed and arrested as part of an ongoing process of displacement and gentrification. Key to this process has been the gradual removal of public toilet facilities in the downtown area that forces the poor and homeless to urinate and defecate in public places - for which they are then arrested. I was there as part of my year's Distinguished Visiting Professorship at Miami University, working with the Centre's Director, Professor Tom Dutton.
To download the PDF click here
Over a period of 15 months, a series of classes developed a $20 million redevelopment plan for the hospital. The process included:
- a comprehensive survey of the facilities and grounds
- an extensive maintenance audit
- an energy and environmental audit
- a series of facilitated workshops with staff and east Coast community residents.
- The poroduction of a 25 year development plan forn a 6-phase development
Key toi the success of the plan would be the "internalising" of the hospital's economy and the pursuit of Maori goals of self-determination and independence. Development included:
- The design of a new thermal pool complex for therapeutic and recreational use
- The development of a Health-Tourism component
- New workshops and Maintenance facilities
- New dining and kitchen facilities
- Refurbished maternity unit
- New A&E wing with new garaging for ambulances
- New Administration
- New Entrance/Atrium with Reception, Café, Creche, Whanau Room etc.
To download Te Puia Springs Report PDF click here .
The Te Puia Springs Report PDF is supplemented with an animated fly-through rendition of the final hospital design. in the form of a Powerpoint presentation (PPt)
To download finished design fly-through Ppt click here
In February 1991 I published the attached paper: Biculturalism and Community: A Transformative Model for Design Education in the (US) Journal of Architectural Education (Vol. 44, No. 2, pp. 90-109). It was a description of a project carried out in my Community Design Studio at the University of Auckland School of Architecture. The project involved an action-research study of the small town of Whakatane (pop. 15,000) in the Bay of Plenty (where I have lived since 2000). What distinguished this project was the fact that the class was required to mediate between the often conflicting interests of the Maori community and Pakeha (white) town Council which had a long history of abuse, displacement and racism. This piece tells how the students successfully negotiated that role and in the process helped to transform the town and the cultural relations of its citizens. The piece also draws wide-ranging conclusions about the role of professionals in a postcolonial world, and the important issues raised by Postmodern theories that were emerging at that time.
To download the PDF click here
A more recent retrospective and fully illustrated and related PDF that discusses the aftermath of this study can be found here
This PDF tells the story of the project and the remarkable emergence of these Pasifica youth from the gang culture of Otara to the world of professional design.
Birkdale Primary School Play Environment
The Principal of Birkdale Primary School contacted the Community Design Studio at the beginning of 1990 to ask whether it was possible for the students to design and build a playground for a school of approximately 220 children. We agreed to be involved with the understanding that the children would design their own play world, and that the parents would be fully involved in the fundraising and the construction. The school supports the only bilingual unit (Maori/English) in North Shore City. The project ran for 10 weeks, the first 5 weeks involved contact with the client - (the children, teachers and parents). During this time students helped the parents and staff in organising a School Fair to raise the necessary funds for the playground. $10,000 was raised. Separate designs were then prepared by the children, with the in-class help of the architecture students,. These are now tended by the children. The project was completed on time and within budget. Cost estimates indicate that the playground was constructed for approximately one quarter of its commercial value. Needless to say, the children felt a great deal of "ownership" of their school.
What was unique about this project was that it was the only time in twenty years at the University of Auckland that we were able to integrate design and building works. Auckland considers itself a "design" school its conception of Community Engagement involves telling the community what it needs . To add to this complexity, building construction is seen at the University as something that "the trades" do. - a carry-over from the outmoded days of streaming and social stratification of the British colonial system. As wou will see from this example, the students at the University of Auckland are missing an essential conponent of their learning experience by virtue of this conservative and reactionary conception of "design".
This PDF charts the story of the Birkdale project.
To download the PDF click here .
To download the PDF click here
Ngati Awa tribal members discuss the desecration of their sacred sites
This 33 page account of the plans to revitalise the small Bay of Plenty town of Whakatane in New Zealand highlights the struggle of indigenous peoples in a post-colonial setting, to have a voice in the preservation and reinstatement of their own landscape and sacred sites. It charts the process of the Community Design Studio in attempting to bring the people of the town together (both Maori and non-Maori) to confront its colonial history, to desist from cultural imposition and to move forwards together in creating an economically, spiritually and biculturally sustainable town plan. See also: Critical Biculturalism: Postmodern Design.
For the illustrated Whakatane Study Download PDF here
An earlier version of this PDF was published as an award-winning article in the Journal of Architectural Education in the United States. See:"Biculturalism and Community: A Transformative Model for Design Education", in: Journal of Architectural Education, Vol. 44, No. 2, 1990.
To download Biculturalism PDF click here
To download the PDF click here
This.
The following is a description of some of the major projects completed in the Studio. If you would like to download this text as a PDF click here.
In general, the Community Design Studio, operated out of the University of Auckland School of Architecture between 1983 and 2001, and engaged exclusively in LIVE projects, many but not all of which were in the Maori community. It was created to offer free design services to low income and marginalised groups who could not otherwise afford professional design fees. Over the 18 years of its existence, the Community Design Studio completed more than 40 projects, all of a very high standards, and many of them bringing about major changes in the environment and in the community. Projects were conducted in the context of a co-operative learning environment in which students worked collectively on one design proposal. Decisions were made by consensus. Students were evaluated upon a range of issues involved in a group process as well as on the merits of their final design proposals. Evaluations were also developed through consensus. Client feedback formed an important element in this evaluation process.
Below is a description of the projects that have been completed.
Projects from the Community Design Studio (University of Auckland)
The Design of a Youth Support Facility for the Kerr Taylor Trust: (1984)
Fifteen Third year students developed design proposals for a Youth Village on land owned by the Anglican Church and administered by the Kerr Taylor Trust. The eventual outcome of the project was the building of a facility for Youth at Risk under the auspices of the Rev, Felix Donnelly.
The Alternative Aotea Centre Project: (1985)
Perhaps the most widely publicised project carried out in the Studio was the Alternative Aotea Centre for the Performing Arts. This comprised a 3 week, 50 person consensus design process for a Performing Art Centre for Auckland. The project was televised by Television New Zealand, exhibited in Auckland, and widely reported and discussed in magazines and newspapers. The project has been published in two international design magazines, and has been included as a chapter in a book on design participation.(see exhibitions).
The Highbury Study: (1985)
The Birkenhead Business Association commissioned the Community Design Studio to do a major Urban Design Study for Birkenhead City. (pop.40,000) Students produced an Urban Design Brief for the Town, and the studio design proposals were later partially integrated into the Birkenhead City Council's District Plan.
The Viaduct Basin Study: (1986)
An environmental study of Auckland's waterfront commissioned by the Auckland Civic Trust; the intention being the development of Design Guidelines to be presented to a public seminar at Auckland's Custom House May 1Oth 1986 opened by the Minister of the Environment, the Hon. Phil Goff. The Guidelines later formed the bulk of the Auckland Civic Trust's own landmark report The Viaduct Basin.
The Karangahape Road Project: (1986)
A development proposal, coupled with an $80M bid through one of Auckland's foremost development companies for development rights to a 5 acre block of Council-owned land. The proposal included residential, commercial and recreational facilities on multiple levels. The proposal was short-listed by the City Council with two others (out of 21 applications), but failed to win the contract.
What distinguishes each of these student projects is that each took the from of a group design process, unique in the world of Architectural Education. This process, the Integrated Group Design Process (The Ward Method) represents a significant development and achievement in Architectural Design research, and was developed to specifically complement the philosophy of the Community Design Studio. It has been published extensively in international design magazines. (See publications)
The Whakatane Study: (1988)
The development of a Design Guideline brief for the town of Whakatane (population 35,000) in New Zealand. A joint-venture with Development Management Resources, an international management consulting firm. The project included facilitation of public meetings, presentation to Council and to the local Maori tribe, the Ngati Awa, and culminated in the production of design proposals and a 100 page professional report for the re-planning of the entire CBD. This work has been published internationally and has been acclaimed for its attempt to deal realistically with issues of biculturalism in a design context. (see publications) The development plan for the town was approved by consensus at a large public meeting, facilitated by the University team. The Mayor, Ed. Byrne referred to this consensus as “a historical turning point in the race relations of the town”. The current District Planner for the Whakatane District Council is also on record (ten years later) as saying that the Council has the best relations with Iwi (Tribe) of any Local Authority in New Zealand.
The Hamilton Study. (1989)
The Hamilton City Council (pop. 100,00) requested that the Community Design Studio conduct a similar study for the downtown area of Hamilton. 15 students were involved for a total of 10 weeks. They conducted surveys and interviews amongst the townspeople and facilitated 5 public meetings through which a community development plan was achieved. This was presented to the city in a professional report, together with a 5 metre x 2 metre 1/500th scale model of the central area of the city. The proposal was later displayed at the Waikato Art Museum in Hamilton as the centre-piece of an exhibition on the town's revitalisation programme. Its report recommendations were adopted by the Hamilton City Council into the zoning and design guidelines for the District Scheme (Town Plan).
House for Richard Haine. (1990)(First Year project)
Twelve First Year students undertook the design and technical specifications of a house for Richard Haine in Birkenhead. The house was modest (1400 sq. ft.) on a steeply South-facing bush-covered site. The construction form was of light timber frame on pole-platform. Students were entirely responsible for developing a brief and, in consultation with the client, the production of a single group design. The project ran for 10 weeks
Te Whare Wananga o Ngati Awa (1990)
The Ngati Awa tribe of Whakatane, with whom the Community Design Studio had developed a very good rapport in the previous Whakatane Study, decided to plan their own Whare Wananga (a Maori University / Polytech based upon traditional Maori values and experience in which instruction would be conducted entirely in the Maori language). Their chosen site was the old Whakatane Board Mills - a group of recently-vacated industrial buildings about 2 kilometres outside the township of Whakatane. Eight Third and Fourth Year students and 4 tutors working intensively with the Ngati Awa to produce a comprehensive Development Plan for the Whare Wananga, and took the proposal up to statutory Planning Application stage. The students produced a model of the proposal. Later, they formed a Consultancy firm The Community Design Co-Operative, to produce a 210 page development report - all of which broke entirely new ground in New Zealand education, and was lauded by the Ngati Awa themselves as a fine example of biculturalism in action. Development proposals were stalled by the 1990 parliamentary elections that saw a change of government and policies in tertiary education. However, much of the research conducted in the class was later incorporated into the design of New Zealand’s second Whare Wananga – Awanuiarangi at Whakatane. Maori students involved in the earlier proposal have been major designers in this latest project.
Birkdale Primary School Playground (1991)
The Principal of Birkdale Primary School contacted the Community Design Studio at the beginning of 1990 to ask whether it was possible for the students to design and build a playground for a school of approximately 300 children. The school supports the only bilingual unit (Maori/English) in North City. The project ran for 10 weeks, the first 5 weeks involved contact with the client - (the children, teachers and parents). During this time students helped the parents and staff in organising a School Fair to raise the necessary funds for the playground. $10,000 was raised. In close classroom contact and consultation with the children separate designs were then prepared,. Cost estimates indicate that the playground was constructed for approximately one quarter of its commercial value
Onehunga Community House Project (1991) (First and Second Year Project.)
In September 1991, the Community Design Studio were approached by the Onehunga Community House Committee. The Onehunga Community House, a building of some historic significance located in a 1900 Onehunga Primary School was both under-utilised and under some threat of demolition. The Committee wished to develop plans to remodel the Community House such as to increase its usage and to instigate moves towards the building’s historic preservation. Fourteen first and two second year students undertook the project over a six week period. During this time they conducted the necessary historical research to lodge a formal ‘C’ Classification Application with the New Zealand Historic Places Trust. They also investigated the needs of the citizens of Onehunga (an Auckland suburb), conducting random interviews and facilitating four public meetings (advertised in English, Maori and Samoan languages), making design recommendations for the eventual refurbishment of the Community House. Their recommendations were condensed into a comprehensive 176 page report, The Onehunga Community House in November 1991, containing the Historic Trust Application, a structural report, together with design guidelines for the refurbishment of the Community House.
In February of 1992, it seemed that the New Zealand contestant in the America’s Cup yachting race off San Diego might succeed in bringing the trophy back to New Zealand. Should this have occurred, substantial preparations and modifications would have been necessary for Auckland’s waterfront area in preparation for a cup defence. During the first term, beginning in March, twenty-two senior students embarked upon a research and planning process to investigate the feasibility of holding the America’s Cup in Auckland. Over a period of ten weeks, the students systematically and critically investigated issues of waterfront access, public transportation, recreational vs industrial uses of the waterfront, pre-colonial occupation and land uses, and myriad other aspects of the waterfront. They also conducted research into waterfront developments in other countries and cities. The research involved extensive reading, on-site study and extensive community interviews. What evolved from this study was an understanding of the possible role which the waterfront area might play in the revitalisation of the urban centre, particularly as an urban recreational -residential high density development. In the first term, the students produced a 6m x 2m model of the entire inner city waterfront area at 1:200 scale, and this was displayed in numerous public exhibitions where follow-up questionnaires solicited public reaction to the proposals. The final urban design proposal included a multi-level transportation interchange (Later to become known as The Britomart Project), a Maori cultural centre on one of the inner-city wharves, design proposals for two inner city urban villages at high densities and catering for energy efficiency and conservation, embracing the city core and linked by a green belt parkway which extended beyond the city centre to waterfront suburbs to the East and West. One of these villages, located on a previously toxic chemical storage facility was the subject of a thorough cost analysis, to demonstrate the economic feasibility of high-density canal housing in an urban setting.
The design exhibition of the scheme was visited by the Mayor of Auckland, Les Mills, the Chief Executive, Bruce Anderson, the Director of Works, Davis Stubbs, the Chair of the Planning Committee Patricia Thorpe and the Chief Planner, John Betts, together with staff from the Waterfront Development Team.
As a result of the breadth and depth of the study, a great many of the student proposals were later taken up by the Auckland City Council, (who paid for the 340 page design report) and incorporated into their redevelopment proposals for the city’s waterfront.
The design and its report were chosen, By the Architects, Designers and Planners of Social Responsibility (ADPSR) as exemplifying the very best aspects of Socially Responsible Design at an international competition and exhibition at New York’s Pratt Institute in March 1993.
Te Kura Kaupapa Tuarua o Hoani Waititi Marae: (1993)
In the first term of 1993, the Community Design Studio was approached by the Board of Trustees of the Hoani Waititi Marae in West Auckland to design New Zealand’s very first Maori secondary school, in which the language of instruction and the pedagogical practice would be Maori. Twelve students, all but one of whom was Maori, from all years of the Department of Architecture, and including two Maori students from Engineering, participated in a collective design for the kura, in association with the Ministry of Education’s own design consultants. The students were completely responsible for the development of the brief, the conceptual design and the developed design stages, prior to working drawings. The project took 10 weeks and was carried to a most successful conclusion. Students who had worked on the project in studio went on to work on the production drawing stages of the project. With very minor modifications the design has now been completed and occupied for fourteen years, and has become the template by which the Ministry of Education now addresses Kura Kaupapa Schools. Some of the students who worked on this project went on to design other Kura Kaupapa Schools for Iwi in co-operation with the Ministry of Education
Epsom Girls Grammar School: (1993)
For the second term of 1993, the Community Design Studio was invited by the Board of Trustees of the Epsom Girl’s Grammar School to develop a comprehensive development plan for the school. Since its inception almost a century ago, EGGS had developed in a haphazard and random way, with little forethought or future planning. The school role increased by 50 percent, and the extra space had been provided by a series of temporary prefabricated classroom units that were less than adequate to the needs of the school community. The Studio’s brief was to develop a rationalised programme of development for the school’s physical resources and to include into this proposals for a new Creative Arts complex, a purpose-built teaching block, and improved administration and recreational facilities. The project took sixteen weeks to take to developed design stage - including cost analyses, detailed building specifications and acoustic studies. It culminated in the production of a 1:200 scale model of the entire campus, showing details of the design proposals which could be interchanged with model components “as existing” to allow for the client group, the Board of Trustees, to fully grasp the “before” and “after” quality of the design as it might be implemented on a phased development programme.
The Development Plan was the guiding document for the School for eight years, and shaped new buildings such as the Music Faculty, the Technology Building and the redevelopment of the residential Hostel.
Otara Shopping Centre Design: (1994)
Otara is a suburb of South Auckland inhabited predominantly by Pacific Island and Maori people. The township is satellite to Auckland and comprises a swath of often-neglected State housing clustered around an outdated shopping centre, much tagged by the local youth whose opposed gangs divide along ethnic lines and are modelled on the Cripps and Bloods of Los Angeles. Otara provided the location for the renowned New Zealand film, Once Were Warriors. Its statistics are depressing. It boasts the highest truancy, unemployment and crime rates in the Auckland region, and has the greatest number of disaffected young people of any area of New Zealand. Its public image is very poor. In an attempt to “turn around” the Otara economy, and to attract investment into the community, a group of local business, civic and church leaders in 1993 formed Enterprise Otara - an organisation whose mission statement was to reverse the social, economic and spiritual image of the town by building upon the rich and colourful resources and talents of the people of Otara themselves. An essential part of this revitalisation process was the production of refurbishment and redevelopment proposals for the existing shopping centre which is the heart of the community. The Community Design was commissioned by the Manukau City Council (Otara’s legislative body) to do this work. The project ran for 24 weeks and involved some major advances to community design theory and practice. Two aspects were significant:
The studio was established in the shopping centre itself and was located in a shop in the heart of the complex. Students maintained an open-door policy, encouraging members of the local community to “drop in” at any time to see how the project was progressing and to offer their advice and design ideas. Continual surveys were conducted in English, Maori, Samoan, Tongan and Nueian languages and design ideas contributed from the community were modeled on a developing 1:200 scale model of the area.
At the insistence of the author, eight long-term unemployed youth from the local community (Maori, Tongan, Samoan and Nueian) were employed, through government subsidised work-training schemes as equal members of the design team. They, together with the twenty university students enrolled in the course, produced a design which was justly acclaimed by the Manukau Council as well as by Enterprise Otara. The Otara members of the design team worked on an equal basis with the university students and, by the end of the project were producing design drawings which were indistinguishable from students who had had two or three previous years of design tuition. At the conclusion of the project, four of the eight were accepted into tertiary education while a fifth now works as a member of, a Pacific Island design consultancy working full-time for the Auckland City Council.
The design guidelines developed in the class helped to shape the later design of a new Recreational complex designed by Jasmax Architects.
Te Whare Hauora ki Makaurau Marae (Alternative Maori Health Centre) (1995)
The Tainui Makaurau Marae in Mangere developed a proposal for a new alternative Maori Health Centre specifically to address the needs of the Maori community. These health needs were not confined to purely medical or surgical areas of knowledge but are more holistic - taking in issues of unemployment, cultural alienation, raupatu (confiscated) land alienation and so on. Initially the project was slated for a corner site in the vicinity but slightly distant from the Marae's Whare Nui. This site proved to be spatially inadequate to the needs of the community and alternative range of proposals were developed, each of which required members of the tribe to relinquish privately-owned properties to the Marae in exchange for properties elsewhere. Extensive modelling of alternative proposals eventually led the designation of a site immediately adjacent to the Whare Nui, on which an initial accommodation including a Whare Oranga (gymnasium), aerobics room, doctor's surgery, creche, cafe and ancillary changing rooms (together with an area designated for specific traditional Maori healing practices. Twenty students worked for ten weeks of the Second Term, and presented their final design at the Marae. The project involved the production of a comprehensive design report together with a cost breakdown for the development.
Franklin Road Housing Development (1990).
Freemans Bay Housing Project (1996)
In 1996, the Auckland City Council decided to sell its housing stock. This portfolio involved some 650 units of housing scattered throughout Auckland and mostly occupied by low-income single-parents, beneficiaries etc. A large number of these units were located in Freemans Bay on valuable inner-city land, and the City Council, motivated by the vision of a financial bonanza, decided to give the existing tenants notice, to individualise the titles and then to sell the individual units to young professionals. Freemans Bay was at this time a culturally diverse community, and some of the residents asked if the Community Design Studio might help save their community. This initiated the formation of New Zealand’s first Housing Association – the Auckland Housing Association Trust, of which the author was the first Chair. The Trust acquired $35,000 of Government funding to develop proposals and students in the Community Design Studio developed plans and models for the redevelopment of the Freemans Bay housing that would facilitate a tenant-buyout. The AHAT subsequently purchased a number of units, and the sale of the remainder was put on hold with the election of a new Council.
Whare Hui: Te Pae Pae o te Raukura, Parihaka Pa, Taranaki. (1996-8)
Parihaka Pa in Taranaki was the home of the two renowned Maori chiefs te Whiti o Rongomai and Tohu Kakahi. Te Whiti and Tohu were responsible, in the late 1870s, for developing a policy of civil disobedience and passive resistance to the colonisation and confiscation of their Taranaki home. They are justly famous, and their Marae at Parihaka Pa are places of great mana and respect throughout Maoridom. Te Pae Pae o Te Raukura is the house where a great many of the decisions of that time where made. It was the Council house of the main Whare Te Raukura, which burned down in 1960. Te Pae Pae is a place of great reverence, but looks deceptively informal and ad hoc - having been extended several times over the years with great love but few resources. In the Spring Semester of 1996, the Community design Studio was asked by the Trustees of Parihaka Pa to develop designs for the refurbishment and expansion of Te Pae Pae - a singular honour. Over twelve weeks, fifteen students from years 2, 3, 4 and 5 worked co-operatively to design the new and extended building, being careful to respect those aspects of Te Pae Pae of particular significance, and integrating these into a new design which would double the capacity of the Marae. We were proud, at the end of the project, to receive word from the Trustees of their delight in their new design, and inviting us to develop a long-term working relationship to our mutual satisfaction. In addition to the design for Te Pae Pae, the students produced a scale model of the 49 acre Pa to be used by the Trustees for future development planning. The model measured 4.8m x 2.4m. The whole project was the subject of a 15 minute documentary programme which ran on TVNZ.
Mangatangi Marae Project, Waikato (1998)
In March 1998, the Trustees of the Mangatangi Marae Trust Board South of Auckland approached the Community Design Studio and requested that we design for them a new Whare Hui or Meeting House. The Marae had been initiated earlier this Century by Princess Te Puia of the Tainui Kingitanga. The original house had fallen into disrepair and had been replaced by a series of “temporary” buildings from the local military establishment etc. Now the Marae Trust wished to see the construction of a new and permanent House. Our initial investigations uncovered deeper issues - significant amongst which was the economy of the Marae. As in many indigenous communities, younger members have migrated to the cities in search of work. This has left the Marae in the hands of the elders, with no younger members coming through to keep the cultural heart and language of the community alive. As in many other cases, the future existence of the Marae depended critically not only upon a new House - which would be a symbolic statement of purpose for the future, but in the development of a Marae economy - the creation of jobs, the reduction or elimination of running and maintenance costs etc.
Over 12 weeks, a group of 3rd and 4th Year students developed a Marae Development Plan for the Marae, taking into account important issues of Conservation, Sustainability, Energy Efficiency, and Sweat Equity possibilities. The work included proposals for a mini-hydro-electric system on the nearby stream, the production of adobe bricks for Marae and for commercial use, the introduction of composting toilets and solar heating etc. Students designed a new Whare Hui, a Whare Kai (dining house), a Whare Paku (toilet block) a Kohanga Reo (Preschool), a Whare Whakairo (carving school) and an Eco-Tourism facility. The work was taken to developed design stage, complete with cost estimates provided by a registered Quantity Surveyor. A Design Report was produced that is being used for fundraising and Grant applications.
Ruapotaka Marae, Glen Innes (1999)
Ruapotaka Marae in Glen Innes functions as a multi-cultural urban Marae on the edge of a Reserve in a low economic suburb of Auckland. The Marae Committee determined that they needed to improve and extend their facilities and to try to internalise the economy of its users.
To this end, fifteen Third Year students developed four different group design alternatives for presentation to the Marae Committee. Shortly after the project, the Marae Committee changed and the proposals were put on hold. They included the addition of a Kohanga Reo, a Kura Kaupapa Maori unit, a Communinty Hall and a new Whare Hui, all together with extensive site development proposals. Two design alternatives were produced for the client, each set in a large-scale model of the surrounding environment.
Design of an Affordable Maori Housing Alternative (1999) (First Year Project)
Shortly after the floods in Panguru in the Hokianga, the Community Design Studio turned its attention to Maori Housing. Extensive research into the available housing models indicated that current commercial prototypes were unaffordable and unsustainable. A class of fifteen first year students therefore set out to design a house for rural Maoridom which would be both environmentally sustainable and economically affordable. The budget set after calculating average disposable incomes was $35,000. This was accomplished. It was important that sustainability issues were addressed since the disposable income of the target group would not allow for high maintenance or running costs
Design of a Redevelopment Proposal, Te Puia Springs Hospital, East Coast for Ngati Porou Hauora. (2000-01)
Over a period of 15 months from March 2000 to June 2001, a series of classes developed a $20M redevelopment project at the Te Puia Springs Hospital on the East Coast. Two of these classes involved both Architecture and Planning students in the Joint Whaihanga Project. The process included a comprehensive survey of the Hospital and its environment, an environmental and energy audit of the facility, a series of facilitated workshops on the East Coast with staff and clients of the Hauora, and finally a comprehensive design for a 25 year development programme carried out in 6 independent phases. Many of the proposals involved “internalising the economy” of the hospital to generate capital for redevelopment works. Development proposals included:
· The design of a new thermal pool complex for recreational and therapeutic use, and operating as the basis of a start-up programme in Health Tourism.
· New Workshops and Maintenance facilities
· A New staff lunch room and kitchen
· A redeveloped maternity wing with its own birthing pool.
· A new Accident and Emergency wing with new garaging for two ambulances.
· A new Administration complex, centralised but separate from the main circulation of the hospital.
· New Main Entrance with an internal Atrium housing Child Care, a Cafeteria, a Whanau Room.
All of this was done with respect for Tikanga Maori (Maori tradition) and with the requirement to create a truly Maori (as opposed to Pakeha) healing environment. Students who had developed the design proposals then went on to complete a Design Report, together with a cost analysis, and to convert the drawings to Archicad (a computer-aided design system) so that the client (or their eventual architects) could begin work with a pre-established electronic design medium.
Development Brief, Glenfield Community Centre (2001)
Glenfield Community Centre houses a number of community advocacy agencies, including a food bank, counselling services etc. These services have now outgrown the building envelope. The Board approached the Community Design Studio to design a comprehensive redevelopment proposal. In preparation, students undertook a site analysis and developed a design brief, preparatory to developing the design in a Summer School programme in 2002.
NOTE
In almost all of these projects, costs of extra tutoring, materials, transportation, document production and consumables have been paid for by the client groups involved. (a cost that was far less than the design fees they would normally have incuurred if the work had been carried out by an architectural practice). The Community Design Studio worked on a cost-recovery basis with its clients. Local projects were usually be completed for about $10,000. More distant projects (such as those in Taranaki or the East Coast) cost about $15,000. Of the twenty or so projects that were completed in the Community Design Studio over sixteen years, contributions from client groups to the School of Architecture budget totalled somewhere between $200,000 to $250,000. In all cases client satisfaction was high, and the School of Architecture recceived many letters expressing the gratitude of community groups for the services they were rendered.In 2001 the Community design Studio wass dismantled following my resignation and move to the Maori University – Te Whare Wananga o Awanuiarangi - in Whakatane to take up my new position as Director of Programme Development.
For twenty years I worked as a Senior lecturer at the School of Architecture at the University of Auckland in New Zealand. During that time I was mainly involved in initiating, developing and directing the Community Design Studio - an undergraduate design course devoted to the design and implementation of projects in the real world for clients who could not otherwise afford professional design fees. This meant that over the twenty years of my tenure, I worked mostly in the Maori community - the indigenous community of New Zealand. When I first arrived in New Zealand, Maori were embarking upon a social, political and educational renaissance - trying th save their culture and language through increasingly vocal demands for forms of independence - tino rangatiratanga. Since then they have made much headway and now(in 2009) have a significant voice in Government, their own kaupapa Maori education system and many independent Health providers and authorities. Many long-standing grievances have been addressed, Treaty settlements have been made, and previously racist and oppressive legislation is being reviewed. It was not always so. In those early days, Maori demands for recognition of their status as tangata whenua (First peoples or "people of the land") were submerged under a dominant culture drive towards multiculturalism.In the initial stages of their renaissance, Maori called instead or a policy of Biculturalism - for a working political arrangement between the two original Treaty partners, Maori and Pakeha (white European settlers). The drive for a policy of biculturalism helped to focus public awareness on the role and status of the Treaty of Waitangi, signed between the British Crown and Maori chiefs in 1840. The Treaty promised to preserve and uphold Maori culture, language and other cultural treasures.
Coming as I did myself as a new settler from Britain, and with a strong anti-colonial predisposition, I immersed myself in the cultural politics of biculturalism - being one of the founder members of the first University of Auckland Biculturalism group. I also assisted my Maori students in the formation of the first Maori student support group - Whaihanga - which at that time embraced students from Architecture, Planning and Engineering. Many of the projects completed in the Community Design studio centred around Whaihanga, including the inaugural Whaihanga project, the design of the Hoani Waititi Whare Kura (New Zealand's first Kaupapa Maori secondary school). During my years of working with Maori students I began to understand some of the issues that were important to them in their education, and some of the pedagogical strategies that were successful in helping them to succeed.
In 1993, I committed some of these learnings to paper, in an article presented to the Higher Education Research Office (HERO) at the University. That paper, Making it work: Bicultural Implementation, is presented here. Many of the principles that I articulated fifteen years ago are still relevant today, particularly in the context of educating members of indigenous communities.
To download the PDF click here .
In 1993, the Community Design Studio at the University of Auckland was contracted by the Ministry of Education to develop designs for New Zealand's first Maori Secondary School at Hoani Waititi Marae in West Auckland. Maori students, like all other minority indigenous students worldwide have a low completion rate (less than 50%). The occasion for this design coincided with the formation of a Maori student support group - Whaihanga - within the School of Architecture. All of the Whaihanga students were encouraged to take the project, and access to the programme was restricted to Maori students (with one elected exception). The programme lasted for one semester. The $2M design was completed on time and within budget constraints. With some modifications the buildings were completed in 1995. The students all went on to excell in their chosen careers, three of them practicing and teaching Architecture at tertiary level. The project employed kaupapa Maori group working principles and consensus decision-making. All of the students remain firm friends today, some fifteen years later. This is the story of their historic achievement.
To download PDF click here .
The Mayor, CEO and Planning Director visit the design display
In 1991, it became clear that the New Zealand yachting community were preparing to make a serious challenge for the America's Cup - the supreme sailing trophy and the oldest sporting event in the word. Their 1987 attempt in Freemantle with KZ7 had almost succeded, followed by a 1988 mismatch between a huge New Zealand yacht and a US catamaran. The outcome was settled in court, with America the victor. By 1992 New Zealand were preparing for a concerted attack on the Cup. It was clear that eventually they would succeed, and that as the natural home for the competition, the Auckland Waterfront was ill prepared to host the Cup. The Community Design Studio, recognising this need, and building upon an earlier study of the Harbour's Viaduct Basin (for the Auckland Civic Trust) decided to engage in a broad study of the Auckland Waterfront, the potential for development and an analysis of the relationship of the water's edge to the city.
Twenty-two senior students embarked upon a research and planning process to investigate the feasibility of hosting the Americas Cup in Auckland. Over 10 weeks they systematically and critically investigated issues of:
- Waterfront Access
- Public transportation
- Recreational verus Industrial usage
- Pre-colonial occupation issues
- Land Use
- Development Economics
- Overseas examples
The final urban design proposal was published in the form of a Pattern Lanuage and included:
- A multi-leve;l transportation interchange (Llater known as "The Britonmart") in the Inner City's old and abandoned railway station.
- A maori cultural centre on one of the inner-city wharves
- Two inner-city, high density residential villages (one at either end of the waterfront to stimulate pedestrianoccupation/movement/access
- A green-belt parkway linking outlying suburbs to the core
- A sustainability programme to support all development
The design and its report were chosen, By the Architects, Designers and Planners of Social Responsibility (ADPSR) as exemplifying the very best aspects of Socially Responsible Design at an international competition and exhibition at New York’s Pratt Institute in March 1993.
The Auckland Waterfront Study is in three PDFs. The first, outlines the Background to the study and is available now. The second, details the Design Brief and Proposals which eventually helped to change the Auckland waterfront dramatically and is also available now. The third and final PDF contains a critical evaluation of the actual changes made to the Auckland waterfront by the Auckland City Council and the Harbour Board and is in preparation.
To download the Part 1 PDF click here.
To download the Part 2 PDF click here .
To download the Part 3 PDF click here (still in process).
Parihaka Pa was the home of the two renowned Maori chiefs, Te Whiti o Rongomai and Tohu Kakahi. Te Whiti and Tohu were responsible, in the 1960s and 1870s, for developing a policy of civil disobedience and passive resistance to the land-confiscation policies of the White colonial Government. They are justly famous, and their Marae at Parihaka Pa are to this day places of great mana and respect throughout Maoridom. It is thought that Mahatma Gandhi read about Te Whiti and Tohu in the London Times when he was resident there at Kingsley Hall in 1931. In 2003 the Parihaka leaders were recognised posthumously by an international delegation of representatives of Martin Luther King Jnr., Mahatma Gandhi and Daisaku Ikeda for their foundational work and sacrifice as fathers of non-violent action.
Te Pae Pae o Te Raukura is the house where a great many of the decisions of that time were made. It was the Council House of the main Whare - Te Raukura, which was Te Whiti's home, and which burned down in 1960. Te Pae Pae is a place of great reverence, but looks deceptively informal, having been extended in ad-hoc fashion several times.
Over two years of passive resistance hundreds of the villagers were arrested and imprisoned in the South Island (where many of them died) for their civil disobedience. In 1881 on 5th November, more than 1000 armed troops invaded the peaceful village and arrested and incarcerated the leaders holding them without trial for two years. The tradition of opening up the Marae on the 18th and 19th (visitors should arrive early – before 8.00am - on the 18th) goes back to this time. Te Whiti and Tohu used these monthly meetings to call on Maori and non-Maori from all over New Zealand to come for a meeting to discuss things of importance to them. The tradition has continued every month, unbroken, since that time. The struggle of the Parihaka community to recover their confiscated lands and to seek redress for their suffering goes on to the present time.
In 1995, the Community Design Studio was invited by the Trustees at Parihaka Pa to develop a scale model of the Pa to assist them in their future planning, and at the same time to develop designs for the modification and extension of Te Whiti's house, Te Pae Pae o te Raukura. The whole project took almost two years, with successive classes of students visiting the Pa, measuring and surveying, drawing, interviewing and working with the Pa community. By the end of 1996, the model and the designs were complete. Never before had anyone been asked to come into the Pa and to delve into the lives and dreams of its residents. It was a rare privilege, tinged with immense irony, since those arrested and imprisoned at Parihaka on 5th November in 1881, were arrested in part because they had refused to allow the pakeha survey teams to conduct their work in the rohe. The project aired on the TV programme Marae.
Three downloadable PDFs are included here:
Part 1 outlines a brief history of Parihaka
Part 2 describes the Community Design Studio project.
Part 3 contains a fly-through of the final design
To download Part 1 click here.
To download Part 2 click here .
To download Fly-through, click here .
Ceremonial Hongi and Taiaha Presentation
In 1990, the Community Design Studio approached the Ngati Awa Trust Board (now renamed the Te Runanga o Ngati Awa) to ask if we might be involved in their stated intention to design and build a Whare Wananga (Maori University) in Whakatane. The Labour Government hasd recently introduced the Education Amendment Act which allowed for education to be more communtiy-responsive, and Maori were, for the first time, able to develop their own educational system under a kaupapa Maori framework. Based upon the mutually enjoyable experience of the e artler Whakatane Study, the Runanga agreed, and the Design Studio commenced to develop a design brief for the proposed Wananga on the site of a partially unused Board Mill outside town. The programme ran for ten weeks and was developed to the stage of Planning Consents. It never came to fruition, because in the General Election of 1991, labour lost and were replaced. The State funding that had been promised became unavailable. Later, the Runanga went forward with their proposal but in a more modest fashion and on a different site. The PDF here is reproduced from an article: "Equity, Education and edesign in New Zealand: The Whare Wananga Project", in: Journal of Architectural Education, Vol. 49, No. 3 February 1966. Washington DC.
To download PDF click here
To download the PDF click here
In 1991, the Community Design Studio was approached by the Onehunga (a suburb of Greater Auckland) Community Committee. The local Community House, housed in a historic school building did not adequately cater for the diverse functions it was being called upon to house, and was therefore not being fuilly utilised. The building lacked a formal Historic classification and as such was in danger of being demolished to make way for a modern replacement. The Onehunga Community were anxious to preserve the much-loved building, and therefore engaged the Community Design Studio to develop proposals for building modifications. This was done, while simultaneously, the students made a successful application to have the building given a formal Historic listing.
A PDF of this programme is currently under construction.
Aotea Centre DesignAotea Centre design
Demonstration and Television Coverage
In March, 1985, staff and students of the Integrated Design Subshool (precursor to the Community Design Studio) at the University of Auckland undertook to investigate the detail and quality of the Auckland City Council's proposal for a $68M performing arts centre. The New Zealand Institute of Architects had publicly voiced disquiet over what they considered to be an outdated and outmoded design, and the team at the Univesity undertook to do an in-depth analysis of the proposal. What started out as an attempt to assist the Council to review its proposal degenerated into an ugly political battle between the Mayor and the design team. This PDF tells the story of the project. Parts were originally published in the New Zealand Achitect No. 6, 1985, and in Sanoff, H.,Participatory Design:Theory and Techniques, University of North Carolina. 1990.
The story is presented in two PDFs.
Part 1 is a reprint of the articles written by myself and my ex-colleague John Hunt and published in New Zealand Architect. It gives a general overview of the project and describes the form of the design, its main parameters, and the confrontation between the Community Design Studio (then known as the Integrated Design Studio) and the Auckland City Council.
Part 2 is a hitherto unpublished record of much of the media commentaries, toghether with the story behind them - in particular, the duplicity of the Council and of its Mayor, Dame Catherine Tizzard who later went on to become the Governor General (the Queen's representative) of New Zealand.
To download Part 1 click here.
To download Part 2 click here.
Hamiltonians inspect the model of the town development scheme
In the first semester of 1989, the Community Design Studio was invited by the Hamilton City Council to prepare a Town Revitalisation Study for Hamilton City. Over a period of three months students engaged in exhaustive consultation with the community, hosting several exhibitions and design workshops at prominent city locations. The result was a Comprehensive Development Plan, included and detailed in the 250 page Hamilton Report. The guidelines developed in the study formed the basis for the eventual development of the Hamilton CBD and the riverside with a great many of the design principles included and integrated into the Council's District Scheme. Significantly, they drew attention, for the first time, to major cultural issues concerning Maori wahi tapu that might be integrated creatively into the District Scheme. The status and development of the Waikato River environment played a major role in these recommendations.
A downloadable PDF of this project will be available here soon.
The.
Prime Minister (then Minister of Housing), Helen Clark in studio and the finished houses.
To download the PDF click here
Redevelopment Report
In 1994, the Community Design Studio was asked to develop schematic designs for the development of the EGGS campus in Epsom, Auckland. The site was very restricted, and the School had a burgeoning roll. Over the next three months students from the Community Design Studio engaged in intensive consultation and discussion with staff, students and parents and eventually completed the Comprehensive Development Plan which guided development for the next twelve years.
A downloadable PDF will be available soon.
This is the story of a design studio project that changed all of my ideas about teaching, transformed my teaching practice for the next thirty-five years and quite simply changed my life. It led, twenty-four years later, to my acquiring my PhD and to leaving architecture altogether to take up a more direct involvement with Education. It is the story of students as teachers - fifteen of them:
- Janet de Haven
- Gary Demele
- Hermannn Diederich
- Luiz Do Amoral
- Guy Frazee
- Rose hau
- Alan Katz
- Ed Levine
- Doug Licht
- Mark Nelson
- Randy Robinson
- Don Ross
- Mike Stafford
- Dave Tanizaki
- Ben Worcester
"Everything was so right! Cal was just right! Thinking back to the time that we chose the client, I realize that everything could have been disastrous if we hadn't chosen the right person. Everything just turned out perfectly."The other woman student echoed her sentiments:
"I've been looking back over all of the prospective clients that we interviewed, and I think that all of the time that was taken to pick a client - even though it was sort of nerve wracking, even into the 4th week of the project - was worth it. It made a great difference all through. People in the class were beginning to get pretty desperate (and I was too), but it was all quite crucial. I think that taking the time to pick the right client is perhaps the most important part of the whole project."One of the male students expressed the same feelings:
"The only time I was really doubtful that a house would materialize was when we were choosing a client. There were some potential clients who, I think, would have proved disastrous. With a different client I don't think I would have felt nearly so positive and energetic about the project."The choice of a client brought with it a schedule of work, since Cal had to have his house ready by September. It was now February, and he simply couldn't afford to continue to pay rent beyond that point and also fund the project. There were further considerations. Each member of the group still had other classes at the University. Time was absolutely critical. A rough programme was developed by consensus, working backwards from the client's own time limitations. Although the schedule was never completely adhered to, it nevertheless helped members to focus on critical time issues.
"I was really bored with all of the talking in the design phase. I felt that we should have been doing something. In retrospect I think it was valid to have these discussions, but to a lesser degree. I was pretty impatient with the initial stages of the design process, I found them somewhat alienating."Others, on the other hand, found this period of negotiation and dialogue crucial to the success of the whole project:
"That's why I think the enormous amount of time we spent at the beginning of the project, just choosing a client was perhaps the most important time of all. We couldn't understand that then. It seemed like a waste of time - but it really showed through at the end. I guess experience always teaches in that way."Or put another way:
"I feel it's really wonderful that everyone felt they had their input, that their feelings were crucial to the design of the house. At the beginning, this takes a bit longer. It seems as if you aren't getting anywhere for a while, but then things start going as people grow closer to each other and in the end, I felt it took less time than anyone expected."Such differences were attributable to the diverse personalities within the group, but for the most part while the expression of individual feelings was encouraged and supported, they rarely reached the point of disrupting the flow of decision-making. Perhaps this was because each frustrated person felt their frustration acknowledged. Whatever the reason, every member of the group felt able to move beyond their own personal feelings in the interests of the project, if not without struggle:
"Although I say "all became friends', it wasn't a one in a million combination of personalities that made it work. It was human in all respects. We all experienced the hassles with getting along and looking past our own self and finding out that you also have to work at it in order to get along. Certain people have difficulties working with others from time to time which only served to teach us that much more about what it takes to live and work together."
"I'm sensitive enough to other people that I avoid hassling them, but this was something else. I began to pay attention to other peoples feelings before I acted. I had to do this because I was working with these people. We were together a great deal."Yet this sensitivity never seemed to lapse into Argyris' and Schön's Model I "withholding" behaviours. What happened seems to have been that students learned to frame their remarks in the first person singular, rather than as generalised laws, rules or realities. Hence, they mostly took responsibility for their experiences and referred to how they themselves "felt" about something, rather than imbuing the object, statement or event which was the "cause" of those feelings with any actual causative qualities. The result was that many students were able to look reflectively into their own backgrounds and experiences for the "causes" of the feelings they were experiencing. They began, in other words, to see their disagreements framed within their own experiential limitations:
"I feel like a different person, although I can't say precisely in what way. I feel different in almost everything - my outlook on Architecture, on work, on human relationships, on everything. I also have a better understanding of myself. I understand my limitations. It's very hard to pin this down to anything specific."Yet despite the apparent tensions, the individual members of the group were able to continually come to agreement about important issues, and to do so with acceptance and affection which still surprised even themselves:
"I find it amazing that all of those people agreed about the design so easily. I remember the first few times, when we split up into three groups, there were issues that had to be resolved and everyone was really anxious to get through this, and to get into the building. But somehow, it all turned out OK and everyone ended up pretty happy.Despite the drawn-out nature of the process, a design began to slowly emerge as critical decisions were made and understandings deepened.
"The whole pivotal point of the learning experience is this awful feeling in the pit of the stomach of "not knowing what to do". There's no way of learning without going through that. That's the hard part. In the first weeks I didn't know what was going on at all, and I was just groping inside me for the answer. It's always very easy and tempting at that point to go outside of oneself and ask the teacher for the answer - to take his word and not do any more searching on one's own. I think the searching is a really important part of the process. A lot of people in the class didn't understand this too well in the beginning. They were looking to the teacher for the answer. But as the time went on, they grew to learn that the searching is the answer, and that that's what it's all about. Now I think almost everyone involved knows that very well."One student suggested that one of the main reasons why the project was so successful was because of the mutual ignorance!
"Funnily enough, I think the fact that nobody had any prior experience was a major factor in the success of the project. I think that if people approach this kind of project feeling over-confident they'll run into problems. Things went very well because it was a shared experience. There were no leaders. No one had much more experience than anyone else. We were all facing identical problems."An acceptance and admission of personal ignorance seemed to be a prerequisite for learning, and hence transformation. In contrast, the normative studio pedagogy which, through the medium of extrinsic judgment, tends to suppress the acknowledgement of personal ignorance, stands as an inhibiting factor in personal growth and maturation. As each student, released from the burden of extrinsic judgment, felt more able to admit to ignorance, so also were they able to admit to the degree of transformation that they were experiencing. Many of the students admitted to experiencing positive changes to their behaviours and attitudes in ways which extended well beyond the immediate experience of the project:
"I went through some very big changes. It's hard to pinpoint exactly what they were. Everything a person does changes him, I know, but these were more significant changes, I feel. I could say I learned how to put a plumbing system together, or how to build a wall but it's much more than that.... Some of us went through very major changes in this class. It's funny because some people spend thousands of dollars for therapy which will do the same thing for them. For so many people "the house" was an inner journey, rather than an outer activity."The kinds of changes which they experienced in each other reflexively changed their attitudes to each other which then, of course, reinforced the changes:
"One person, for instance, always used to be very quiet. And although he's still not very talkative, the feelings are all there and I can tell what he's feeling. Whereas, I could never tell previously. Another person always had this mask - this "hard, tough guy facade" - but that's disappeared, it's gone."It is tempting to discount such generalised observations, particularly when attributed to the whole group or to other individuals, but individual students recounted remarkable stories of personal transformation which they experienced for themselves. They spoke of how they felt before the class:
"Personally, my life changed radically from the Fall of last year to the next. Approaching the final quarters of my schooling, I was about as flattened as I could be in regards to my enthusiasm and desire towards Architecture. After wanting nothing but Architecture since the 8th grade, drawing, copying, designing etc. throughout, I was ready to just quit after having been turned around (to some extent my fault) and around and around and....At the point last Fall (at the beginning of the Course) I didn't care if I was an architect or not. I think that sums it up pretty well, I just stopped caring. I really couldn't believe my feelings after all that."Students were able to articulate clearly the conditions of dominance in the normative studio pedagogies which lay at the root of their prior feelings of alienation, noting the tendency of teachers to also assert the dominance of their own ignorance. They began to see particular forms of instruction, rather than individual teachers, as part of an institutionalised form of repression, normative to the professional ethos of the school as a whole:
"The class gave me a larger sense of confidence about what I can do in terms of architecture. before I embarked on this venture, "architecture" existed "off over there somewheres". People had been throwing theories at me and telling me how to think about architecture. But I had never found a viable connection between the thing itself and the people who were doing it. It didn't mean very much to me. I used to worry about architecture as something that I could do something with, although I hadn't seen much evidence in Wurster Hall that anything real could ever be done. Here in Wurster everyone talks.. It's very rare to have a good feeling inside that one has really accomplished something. A lot of people are running around with their heads chopped off.."Key to the success of this part of the project was the fact that Cal's needs were kept at the forefront of each person's understanding of the problem. His requirements were seen as the central and unifying component of the decision-making process.
"The process is what got everyone used to it. Something that I've really learned is that people want things changed more quickly than they are every going to arrange. People can accept changes that happen slowly but yet quick changes they can't accept at all. I've heard it said that we should start feeding all of the starving peoples of the world immediately, but that isn't going to happen. Things don't change that quickly. It's like pushing something soft on one side, and trying to get the other end to move. I'm a very speedy-type person, and that's the way I thought things worked for a long time. I don't really know why I changed, except that I seemed to be pushing for a long time and nothing really happened. The Woodside house was a good part of this learning experience."He went on to extend this realisation beyond the project itself to the wider domain of architecture, in both theory and practice, recognising implicitly the fundamental link between environmental quality and the social relations of environmental production:
"One thing I learned from this is that if one concentrates on what one is doing, on the process rather than on the product, then the product happens a lot more smoothly. The things that I see around me that I think are beautiful are offshoots of this kind of process. They aren't really products. That's something that (the instructor) really got across to everyone in the class, otherwise I don't think the house would have turned out the way it did. That's why the class itself was so beautiful."
In the class itself, it was discovered, for instance, that almost invariably when difficulties or disagreements arose, it was because those involved were in a goal-oriented mind-set, and it became equally clear, that whenever this was realised and participants were brought back to present-time experience and into the domain of personal feelings the disagreements would "evaporate". This was the ongoing experience of group members which, once reflectively apprehended, tended to make it easier for the reflective process itself to be repeated ongoingly etc. These findings were later confirmed by those of Argyris and Schön in group dynamics. What was happening, it seemed, and although we had no terminology to describe it at that time, was that the group was moving collectively into Model II behaviours and experiences. The experience was unlike anything with which any of the group members were familiar. "The group" itself was increasingly experienced by its individual members as a separate entity, with a will and feeling all of its own, distinct from the feelings and will of each of its members, while at the same time appearing to become increasingly an expression of them. At the same time, quite paradoxically, and also in correspondence with the findings of Argyris and Schön, each member related feelings of increased power and autonomy, of feeling "validated".A personal and highly emotive example of the process occurred for me one day on site. We had completed the floor framing and sub-flooring, but the change in levels between two sections oi the house made it difficult and inconvenient to carry materials around. I decided to make a temporary set of steps to make it easier. After four failed attempts to cut the stringers properly I stood, tears welling into my eyes, shoulders slumped, power saw hanging from my limp hand, totally dejected and frustrated. I did not know that anyone had even been watching, but a moment later I felt a gentle hand on my shoulder. It was Don Ross, one of the students. "Would you like some help?" he asked. "Yes please!" I said, "Would you please show me how to do this?" He did. First demonstrating and then allowing me to carry out the process by myself. The perfect teacher! There was no judgement, no thought that, as the "teacher" it wasn't proper to demonstrate my ignorance in front of the students. There was just mutual respect and caring.
"...there's a lot of speculation about why everything worked so well. Everyone seems surprised that it worked out so well, but no one seems to know why. My speculation is that it was the people. The house is like the physical by-product of a set of relationships. If the relationships had been hassles, the house would have become a hassle, but it never did. I saw the relationships becoming more important than the house, and the house got better as a result. I'm not sure I understand that"As each difficulty or disagreement was overcome the sense of group accomplishment reinforced the process of focusing on the experience of the process rather than the end product, and the whole process moved in an increasingly agreeable direction. The time together was replete with communication breakthroughs which continually amazed group members. As the project progressed, there began to emerge a collective sense of the ideal of "Cal's dream house".
"It only happened on one wall, the tallest foundation wall, behind the study, but we realized that it would happen on many more walls which were also untied internally. Fortunately for us we noticed it pretty quickly. A builder friend of Cal's passed by to see how the pouring was going, and pointed it out. We decided the that the only thing to do was to cut a hole in the bottom of the formwork and dig out all the concrete already in there before it dried, and put it somewhere else where the formworks were braced enough. Everyone was on the site that day, because it's a pretty exciting day in any project, so we had a lot of bodies. We decided to divide them into groups. Some people cut the hole, others moved the concrete, and still others began to frantically build connectors for the unbraced sections of wall. Finally, one group undertook the job of pushing back the formwork that had already moved. Everyone had two hours before the truck returned with another batch of concrete."
"I think we were all a little apprehensive, but once we got on the site it all seemed to smooth out. People were very concerned about where the authority would be coming from. Some people were afraid of having to take orders, but on the site there wasn't any of that. We all worked together, and it all worked out."Authority was not institutionalised in a hierarchic structure or in one or several people for the duration of the project. As the need arose, different people moved naturally into positions of authority for the task at hand:
"Each person was an individual, and they all worked together really well. No one tried to run the show and take over or superimpose their ideas on everyone else. I think the guidance helped a lot to keep us all together. Although there were leaders in the group, these changed from time to time. Leadership was based much more on experience than on any egotistical power struggle."It was interesting to watch how each member of the group confronted some quite difficult technical task, for which she had no previous experience and to see him or her learn the skills of Electrical Engineering, Plumbing, Stained Glass Design, Heating Engineering, and so on, and to listen to their amazement at the end, that they had actually carried out their responsibilities successfully. As one student put it:
"When I got to the electrical box I was really afraid. I was sitting there looking at it, saying "Oh Shit" It's one of those black boxes, man, that I don't know shit about" I was really apprehensive, so I walked round a bit, did a bit of reading and so on. Then I went back and looked at it again and thought "Oh shit, this is fucking simple". It's really exciting to discover that things aren't as hard as one imagines. I think that my greatest accomplishment was realising that I could do anything. That anyone can."
"Everyone in the class was terrified that Cal might not get a house. That he might have to hire someone to finish the foundations, the plumbing, the framing, the roofing, the electrical, because no one knew how to do anything, and they were scared about all of these things. As a matter of fact, we had every right to be scared."Summer came, and most of the "part timers" left, this being their graduating class. The rest continued. The group had one final party on site to which we invited the whole Dept. of Architecture, to which significantly, no-one came. The grades were worked out by consensus and were based upon collectively-agreed criteria, as indeed all other decisions had been until that date. In line with the general framework of the class, everyone graded everyone and also any disagreements were quickly resolved.
The Final day of Class (Evaluation/Grading)
Despite initial anxieties, most students admitted that they were surprised at the ease with which the group process worked:
've changed quite a lot from the person I was when I phoned about the newspaper ad. The house got me out of the shell I was crawling into. I had been trying to be alone and find myself somewhat before I made the call. This experience took me in the opposite direction, although it might have helped me to find myself better."In particular, the design of the house helped Cal to "come out of himself". The students too, spoke frequently about their renewed sense of themselves:
"The one thing that I've realised through this whole experience is that I really don't have any fear of trying to do anything. I always had a feeling, during the project, that I didn't know what I was doing, and I realised that this was a really good feeling to have. In fact I'd like to keep this in front of me all of my life; this feeling of not knowing what I'm doing, because the I can always learn."Perhaps the most moving and significant change came out like this:
"I used to be so afraid of doing things. I failed another design class because I couldn't handle all of that stuff. One day, about 4 years ago, I was crossing the street, and I got to the centre and found that I couldn't move. It was terrifying! I was a totally non-functioning person at that point. It's taken a long time to learn how to cope with this, and I'm amazed now, to look back and see that I did this house. I love to go down there, and just sit, and look at it all. During the building process, I would go down there, very early in the morning, before anyone else had arrived, and just sit, and think about the house, about the class, about myself."Almost every student said more or less the same thing:
"I've changed a great deal through this class. To me, I'm a different person from the one I remember a year ago. I'm different with regard to my feelings toward a goal that I've always loved and always will. Whether I'm a designer or not has nothing to do with it. I have a new sense of my direction in life and I don't really know what that direction is except that I feel as if I'm moving in something very positive. I feel that it's all going to work out. Before the class I knew that I was desperate and starting to sink. I was just at the point where I didn't care about Architecture, and if I didn't care about Architecture, I wasn't caring very much at all. I didn't know what I was going to do. I didn't have any sense of moving. I'd just completely stopped altogether - personally and academically."Each person had his or her own story of the changes which the class wrought in their lives, of the different perspective that they now had of education, of architecture, of architectural education, of group work, of their own capabilities, of their future and of life in general.
"Before I did this class, I didn't know where I was going. I didn't know what I wanted to do. I was pretty cynical.... Before, I was all inside, doing things for just show, on the outside. But there was no connection because I had this front, this shield. In this class I dropped this shield for the first time and made a connection between what I do and how I feel. Now I know that whatever I do "out there" shows the real feelings that are inside me..."Almost invariably, reflections were described as "being open to my feelings", "being able to hear the other person without judgment", "not being into my ego" etc. Hardly any of the participants admitted to remaining unchanged, and each person's changes seemed related to the transformation which the project had brought to the life of the client, and the feeling of participation which they had personally experienced in Cal's change.
"For Cal, for instance, we all felt as if we were giving him something which he otherwise couldn't have. He was quite clear, he said he couldn't do it any other way. Our work, our project made a big difference to him. I think it's really important that the job make all of the difference to the client. It wasn't just that Cal couldn't do it cheaper but really he couldn't have done it at all"They felt that they were making a difference to the life of this man, caught between critical periods in his own development, helping him take a stronger step into FAZE 3 of his life, and this feeling of helping to empower him, by some strange process, reflectively moved them into a process of self-empowerment which transformed their own expectations about themselves. The experience of caring about Cal was the primary bond which linked the group, and which formed the basis for the extraordinary commitments which each individual made to it - the commitment to be honest, to be clear, to be open, to be kind and to be caring. In the context of such caring, each individual seemed free to reflect upon themselves, upon their feelings and upon their relationships, and in the context of this reflection, to embark upon a process of self-transformation which reinforced each of these original movements. The intended transformation of Cal, became, by some alchemy, a process of self-transformation for everyone, which became mutually reciprocating and reinforcing:
"I can't really think of any other class that has been as involved in which I have been so involved, and in none of them did I ever work in a group like this. It was always a search inside myself, but I never went outside to see what was going on. I'd do a project and when it came time to show it at the end of the quarter, it didn't mean anything anyway. The only person it meant anything to was myself, if anybody. In this case, I feel that the whole group has benefited from my growth. It's kind of weird to say that, but I feel that everybody benefited from it, just as I benefited from everyone else's growth." (emphasis added)Yet this perception of Cal by the students was also one which they also had of themselves. The extent to which they felt they have been involved in helping Cal to empower himself was directly proportional to the extent to which they themselves felt empowered. For instance, they said things like:
"It's really exciting to realize that things aren't as hard as one imagines. I think my greatest accomplishment was in realizing that I can do anything. That anyone can."Another reflected with amazement how he also no longer feared trying to do something for the first time:
"The one thing I've realized through this whole experience is that I really don't have any fear of trying to do anything. The whole Summer experience was extremely enjoyable because I always had the feeling that I didn't know a thing about what I was doing out there; and I thought that was a pretty good feeling to have. In fact I'd like to keep this in front of me all of my life; this feeling of not knowing what I'm doing, because then I can always learn. I don't feel that I have to have a defensive attitude when someone is trying to tell me something. "He added that the perception which others in the "outside world" now had of him seemed strangely at odds with his view of himself:
"I'd built a little planter box the Summer before this, but that was all of my experience. Now I'm building houses for a living. Now I'm building houses for a living and I can honestly say that I don't know how to do it. Someone down at the Whole Earth Access Store is trying to call me a carpenter because I've built houses, but that's absurd, I'm not a carpenter, I'm just involved in building a house... Any creative thing can be done if one puts ones energy into it. I don't agree with people who say, "Oh, I just don't have talent for this or that, because I wasn't born with it". I don't believe in that kind of thinking.... I was pretty doubtful that this whole thing was going to come off. It seemed impossible for me to imagine myself and all these people putting together a house. It was inconceivable it was going to happen, I was confident of that, but it was rather like trying to imagine "space". I couldn't conceive of it. Now I've learned that no matter how big anything is, one can always try to do it. I'm not afraid of anything. I just say, "Sure, I'll try!""This was a common experience among the students. One of the women noted:
"Now that I'm back in the Department, I feel even less hassled than I used to before. I feel that I have more self-confidence - that I can cope with anything that comes along. It's very funny really, but I have a different perspective on all of that. "The other women, a Chinese student had begun the project feeling very shy and incompetent. Her transformation, though quieter than most was no less profound. She described how initially she was extremely self-conscious:
"I was one of two women in the class and I found it to be a pleasant experience during the design phase and during the initial period of construction. I can't speak for the other lady who took the course just because we are both women, but personally I experienced it as traumatic, particularly on the site, doing heavy manual labour and somewhat dirty work. I'm so incompetent and inadequate with tools and I felt that by virtue of their extra strength and stamina, the boys would do better work. This was no doubt erroneous, but that was the way I felt at the time. I felt that they were always feeling that they could do things better than I could, just because they had more experience. Indeed, they could do very well in some respects.
"The whole job was a very big step for me. Before the class I was very paranoid about power saws and things like that. I'd always felt that way, so overcoming this was a big step for me. In terms of small scale things, I did in fact accomplish a great deal."She talked about how she slowly came to overcome her feelings of self-consciousness in the context of the understanding and caring of the other students:
"I was very shy about my work. Often when I couldn't do something like hammering in a nail, I'd sit there for an hour feeling very depressed, before someone would notice and come to show me. They'd realize that something was wrong and would show me very nicely how to get it to work. It wasn't like a put-down. Nobody bothered me until something went wrong, and then their help was always in the form of a friendly gesture. At first I didn't like it. I always felt that I had to prove myself. I had this feeling that I wanted to say, "I can do this as well as you can" which I could, given the time. Gradually I grew to accept help without feeling bad, because I began to realize that everyone was there to help each other."She became frustrated at her inability to act autonomously, having to depend upon other people, or being "reduced" to "helping":
"The reason I felt so bad about staying (during the Summer) - so incompetent - was that I really wanted to be able to do something by myself, without having to wander around "helping" other people. I didn't feel competent to do that. I don't know if this changed through the process, but I do know that it didn't bother me quite as much. I gained self-confidence in small things."Gradually, she came to feel a sense of her own potential, of what she could offer that was unique. Conscious of her need to contribute equally, she chose to design the stained glass windows which are now such an important feature of the house:
"It was a great thrill for me to do the stained glass windows. I like them very much. I like them so much in fact that I'd like to have them for myself. I was really concerned that they wouldn't turn out. I imagined that they might leak, and that Cal would be very upset. I really wanted them to look nice and to be an integral feature of the house. Cal gave me the freedom to do whatever I wanted to do in terms of design, and that helped me a lot. The one of the birds is the largest I've ever done. Usually I just do small things. The windows are something that I did all by myself. That was marvellous."
"I feel like a different person, although I can't say precisely in what way. I feel different in almost everything - my outlook on Architecture, on work, on human relationships, on everything. I also have a better understanding of myself."
"I more or less let the students take care of everything themselves. I spent the most amount of time with them during the earlier stages, during the choosing of a client, and during the design phase of the project. I spent a lot more time with them than I did during the construction phase for instance. I put an enormous amount of energy into helping them choose the right client, showing them how to design a group process that would work, helping them to understand what was happening within the group, to make sense of their personal feelings in the larger group setting."This was in many respects a full-time job, and led to deficiencies in my performance elsewhere - in particular in monitoring and guiding the schedule and the budget. Yet like the client, I was also continually aware of the acute need to allow the students the room to make mistakes. I saw the element of risk as an integral component of the learning experience - no risk, no learning. Like the client, I was therefore caught in a continual struggle to withhold my own capacity and desire to "take control", aware at the same time that to do so would be to paradoxically destroy the very thing we were trying collectively to create. The matter was complicated by the fact that all of the students' prior experience led them to believe that what was being attempted was impossible.
"This class as I do it is very different from the majority of classes in the Department of Architecture. My experience is that people there normally play it safe. Students draw or write things that they know will get them a good grade; teachers set design problems they know the students can do and so on. No one is taking risks, it seems to me. In this sense, I don't really believe that it's a true learning environment."A very great measure of faith was therefore necessary on the part of the students. What differentiated this faith from that described earlier by Schön, was that in this case, the faith, the trust, the risk and the learning were all reciprocal. It was incumbent upon the "teacher" to have as much faith in the students as he or she expected the students to have in him/herself. In the case of the group process, this faith was substantial. As one student noted:
"Everyone, including myself, was incredibly leery about getting into this with fifteen people. At the time I would have been more than happy if the class had split up into two sections, because then there would have been only seven or eight people to hassle with. In my mind, I had an equation that the less the number of people, the better the project. I had never worked with that number of people and had any results. I was very leery about it. I think the instructor did a marvellous job of making this thing work."It was this mutual and reciprocal faith which, above all made the Woodside project experimental, transgressing, as it did, the one-way, non-reciprocal faith demanded in normative studio pedagogies with which the students were familiar and which were the only models in their experience. The students for their part accepted this challenge to a mutuality of faith, along with a comparable mutuality of power, and their acceptance allowed the instructor the space (or rather demanded that he create the space) for the expression of their authority, of their power. Reflecting on this transaction, the students were well aware of the pedagogical differences involved, and the difficulties on the "teacher's" side of the equation:
"I think the instructor played an instrumental part in getting everything set up so it would work. I've know other instructors who've tried the same thing; real site, real client, real money and so on. But nothing was built. Nothing really happened. That's happened twice now that I've known of. It really takes a special sort of person with a special sort of understanding to put a class together like that. Not many people can do it. He pushed for a total commitment in the very beginning and everyone accepted that. To that commitment, everything else played a secondary role."What was critical from a "teaching" point of view, seemed to be the continual clarification of meanings, the continual affirmation of autonomies, the continual confirmation that all of the individuals in the group were collectively able to solve problems that individually they could not, the ability to create a comfort-in-silence when things were not working out, and an awareness of the importance in all of this of modelling Model II inclusive behaviours and attitudes of acceptance, caring, and faith. I have to say, that this was not a simple task, and there were many instances then, as indeed there have been since then on other projects where the temptation to "jump in and take over" was almost irresistible.
"Also, the group interaction was very important. Everyone had to understand everyone else and be able to accept what everyone else had to say. I think that in this respect Cal got a great deal. was very skeptical about the whole thing. I kept persuading myself to "give it a chance". If it had failed I would have felt rotten, and I think everyone else would have too. That's one of the basic reasons why everything went so well."The emancipatory rationality of the process at Woodside seems illogical from a technical rationality point of view. In it, one acquires power by surrendering it. One gains influence by surrendering control. One gains trust by being trusting. One learns a great deal by acknowledging one's ignorance, and so on. Within the framework of the emancipatory rationality itself, though, such recognitions are self-evident. The problem, as Schön rightly pointed out, is in moving from Model-I to Model-II behaviours, and in this respect, the initial rule system proved to be indispensable. It formed the conceptual boundary of acceptable actions and behaviours, framing them in the context of a mutual struggle to which everyone responded. In the process, defensive behaviours became a rarity, and the individual and collective energy of the group was released to embark upon a joint voyage of discovery: As I noted then:
"It seems to me that if so much of a person's energy is being channelled into defensive thoughts, postures and strategies, then very little energy is left over for creativity. I don't think they are mutually exclusive. I believe that the only way people change is moving from a known situation to an unknown situation. That's really the message of the class."
."Critical to collective dialogue, then, was the process of getting in touch with this feeling within, since it constituted a measure of both autonomy and difference. Frequently, at least in the early stages, the "feeling within" comprised having a sense of being under attack - as individuals habituated to judgmental interactions presumed a judgment whether one was intended or not. Maintaining a clarity of dialogue and language therefore became the critical factor in dispelling this misapprehension, and allowing the individual concerned to sense more clearly their actual feelings about the project, the process or the design.
"I really enjoyed working with everyone else. Being a woman didn't seem to make a lot of difference. Each person was an individual, and they all worked together really well. No one tried to run the show and take over or superimpose their ideas on everyone elseWithin this group dynamic of support and sovereignty, each person was able to express that which was most unique about themselves and to offer this to the group - a valuable unique perspective on the situation we all found ourselves in. As a result, this multiplicity of unique perspectives gave to the group deliberations a breadth and a depth derived from a multiplicity of insights and experiences, and made each collective decision just that much more profound.
"Initially, I was very paranoid. I didn't like people watching me doing things, because I felt they were being critical behind my back, or generally condescending and judgmental. I don't think I was the only one who had these feelings. Nor do I think that I had this experience just because I was a girl. I think some of the boys felt self conscious too. Everyone got to feeling bad if they or their work were criticized in any way. It's very upsetting to be criticized."As it became clear to each person, working under the umbrella of non-judgment provided by the rules, that criticism was "internal" rather than "external" - that one's past experience of having been judged was the actual source of a habituated and anticipated internalised judge who continually reinterpreted every gesture, every comment by the Other as a judgment - so individuals were able to stand aside from this internalised judgment and to hear their authentic voice, often for the first time. That this voice was then supported and affirmed unleashed bonds of friendship never before experienced:
"It's really surprising that everyone remained friends through this whole experience. I remember when we first came back to school in September (after the Woodside project) to pre-enrol, we all got together and decided which classes to take. After we'd pre-enrolled, spent the whole day together, we all messed around on campus. It was just like "all of us", compared to "all of those other guys". It was like we had something special, a really close friendship. Usually when one goes to pre-enroll it's "every man for himself' and here we had people who we wanted to do things with. We spent almost the whole of that week just being together... This quarter we all take classes together. We stay in touch a great deal. A long absence is about a week, then we are really happy to see each other again. It's all very different from any other relationship I've made as a student."What seems to have happened is that people who took the risk of being open to themselves and to each other were affirmed in this risk-taking and took yet greater risks. Then, as they saw these risk-taking behaviours rewarded they felt increasingly inclined themselves to reciprocate the support which allowed their colleagues to do the same. In this way, the modelling of Model II behaviours became itself a common element of the group's process:
."All of this risk-taking amounted to a very personal form of experience - a dealing with one's inner reluctance to openness. This was quite different from but related to the wider risks which the entire group were taking on the project as a whole - the risk to the client's savings, his site, his future life, and not least, to their own dignity in the event of failure. One student spoke of this issue of risk, contrasting it with the risks which are attendant upon the regular studio project in school. He recognised that what he had previously considered "risky" in the studio environment was, compared to these risks, not worth mentioning:
"I felt less willing to take real risks in design on this project. It's strange to say this, but it's seen as a great risk to design, say a lightweight tension structure for a house design in a studio project. Yet that isn't any risk at all. The only thing that's being risked is the almighty grade."The risk of a failing grade was, on the Woodside house, a relatively minor factor, not least because the students felt themselves to be in control of the process of design, of the evaluation process and of the judgment process. The real risk, I believe, had already been taken in choosing the class, in agreeing with the client to build his house. Once taken, there was nothing left other than to succeed. And, of course, the issue of risk-taking was modelled in exemplary fashion by the client himself, investing his life in the project and in his faith in the students, and also in the instructor who continually strove to reinforce the rules of the operation and to renew the collective faith in a process which seemed to make only a cock-eyed kind of sense.
"I think from the first day, when we stood on the site and tried to decide where the front door should be, everything fell into place beautifully. I couldn't be happier with it."And again:
"The whole thing is a lot more than I ever hoped for. I didn't just get a house, I got a whole experience - and the house is that experience. It's my experience, it's your experience, it's our experience. The house is much more than just a house to me now. It's a lot of relationships, people, friends - a lot of beautiful feelings. I met a lot of great people, and renewed a lot of my faith in human beings. Everyone was just beautiful, and as a result the house is beautiful."And yet again:
"In almost every single instance of the building process I would realize something I hadn't realized before. The SIZE of the house is a good example. The size of the house inside completely floored me. One looks up and it's a...a church. It's quite a feeling and it's one that I never conceived of. In the earlier stages it wasn't possible to really experience this even with scale figure on a 1/4 inch scale model. It isn't the same as being there and looking up."And finally:
"I have a great house. I also have a lot of beautiful memories. I've been trying to think of a name for the house but its very hard. Randy gave me a clue, one day, when he said that the whole place seemed "charmed", as if some magic spell were at work, to make sure that everything came out alright. It's difficult to explain this beautiful and flowing experience any other way, without one major disagreement or conflict - without any unhappiness. It seems a bit corny to say it, but I think that the only name that is appropriate is something like "Be charmed". Everything worked out so perfectly, so marvellously. But perhaps such an experience is by definition nameless."Another student, recognised that this "charmed" quality of the Woodside experience is actually grounded upon some real and important principles of self-knowledge and openness, and, as Argyris and Schön would no doubt agree, is professionally repeatable. Increased professional effectiveness, in their terms involves moving from Model I to Model II behaviours, and this, in the end, is a personal journey which takes no small amount of courage - "civic courage" as Giroux calls it - and moving to a position of personal vulnerability and acceptance:
"This thing about everything coming from inside one is something that I'd like to explore a little more. Everything that exists comes from within somewhere. It's magic. That is what magic is, I suppose. I have the feeling now, and I know most of the other people do, that if I can figure myself out, there isn't anything out there that I can't figure out. Everything else falls into place. It's all pretty weird. We have all talked about and come to experience the house as "filled with spirits" I think that's pretty accurate. People laugh at the ides of talking to plants, at the idea that plants have feelings... but there doesn't seem to be anything outrageous about saying that the Woodside house has feelings, that it's an alive thing. At least that's what people who have been there have come to accept. It's all very strange."
Following Richard Nixon’s Invasion of Cambodia during the Vietnam War in the Spring of 1970, the students of the School of Architecture at the University of California Berkeley Campus decided to strike. They also embarked upon a complete revision of the curriculum, seeking ways to make it more meaningful, more relevant to the community and more influential in the drive to end the War.
As part of their course revision, and with the help of sympathetic faculty, they initiated a new course (Arch 191A) – a 12 Credit course in which they were able to integrate all of the diverse elements of design – the social, the structural, the economic, the aesthetic etc. into one all-encompassing project. The first trial of the course followed, in the Summer of 1970, with the design of an Architectural Education Collective in Lafayette, California. But although it was intended to try to actualiSe the design, this never happened, and it wasn’t until the new academic year began in the Fall that a group of students decided to test the limits of the new course. They planned, in the Spring Semester, to attempt the design and construction of a small house, free of charge, for a real client. This project changed my academic career completely, and this is the story of that project.
TO DOWNLOAD THE PDFCLICK HERE
To download a larger study of Critical pedagogy that places this project in both a historical and an educational context click here
To download Part 1 click here
To download Part 2 click here
In 1983, together with a group of colleagues at the University of Auckland School of Architecture, I initiated a new "subschool" within the mainstream programme, called the "Integrated Design Subschool". As its name implies, its essential philosophy and vision was to develop student design studio projects in which the students would attempt to integrate all of the extant variables that influence design thinking and practice - engineering, soil mechanics, cost, construction technology, brief-writing, energy efficiency etc..) in one project. Much to my surprise, it turned out that political factors were much more influential in the work of the subschool and in its design projects than any of us would have expected. In the four years from the start of the Subschool in 1983 to 1987, a remarkable number of studio design projects took on a decidedly political turn. This paper charts their history and details the specifics of two of them. Some general conclusions are drawn about the significance of political content in design studios and of its educational value. The paper was written initially in 1988, but its points remain as relevant now as they were then.
To download PDF click here
The Center for Community Engagement in OtR is an internship programme developed by Professor Tom Dutton at Miami University School of Architecture in Oxford, Ohio. Dutton is an educator, a critical theorist, an urban theorist, a community organiser and a political activist who fits within a tradition of Critical Education at Maimi, which has in the past included such eminent theorists as Henry Giroux and Peter Mclaren - all of them linking educational theorising with transformative practice in the search for social justice and equity. Dutton's Center for Community Engagement takes students from the University and inserts them into the social fabric of Cincinnati's Over the Rhine (OtR) District - an inner city area originally populated by German immigrants but now home to a diverse cultural mix with a high proportion of African American residents. The area is continually facing increasing pressure from city politicians, business and the development community for redevelopment (read "gentrification"), much like the Valencia Gardens projects in San Francisco and identical to the processes of ethnic cleansing in cities throughout the capitalist world. In the process of their resistance to these pressures, the OtR community has, for several years been involved in extensive community organisation and the establishment of the Drop-Inn Centre - a haven for distressed, homeless, unemployed and harassed residents. The Centre for Community Engagement takes the role of a support organisation for the commuunity and involves students from a wide range of disciplines - Architecture, Social Science, Education etc.
This content item includes a number of downloadable PDFs in both theory and practice. On the practice side, student partiucipants in The Centre for Community Engagement are expected to keep a reflective record of their experiences and learnings. As you will see from their comments, the experience of working in Over the Rhine invariably takes students out of their cultural, economic and social comforrt zones and immerses them in the real life day to day struggles of the poor, the unemployed and the oppressed. Students report remarkable and moving personal learnings and transformations, many stating that the programme has completely changed their perspective and professional dirtections.
On the theory side, Dutton regularly posts analyses that demystify the processes of both corporate and civic deceptions and neo-liberal models of community organisation. As an analyst of urban process and cultural resistance, Dutton stands alongside such notables as David Harvey, Manuel Castells and Mike Davis. As a critical education theorist (in Architecture) he is without peer. The PDFs in this item will be regularly augmented and updated.
To download a historical background to the OtR programme - Colony Over the Rhine - click here .
To download an introduction to the OtR programme, together with OTR Student Experiences 06 - Community Praxis OtR - click here
To download student reflections on their OtR work - OTR Student Experiences 07 - click here
To download a critical analysis of community Organising models - The Futures of Community Organising - click here
Critical pedagogy is scary! In its simplest form it aligns with the imperative of engaged learning – figuring out ways to have teachers and students co-operatively to engage critically with the knowledge base, the pedagogies and curricula of their disciplines, and to share power in a mutual exploration of alternative understandings that intersect with issues of social, cultural and environmental equity and
sustainability in a context of real social needs and community aspirations. Asking teachers who have had a lifetime of top-down, authority-based, teacher-centered, abstract, silo’d learning to abandon this and to instead relinquish or at least share their power to grade and judge, to work across disciplines and to risk vulnerability and all for the same salary is to ask a lot. Why would anyone want or choose to do this? The answer is, that, with support and a good methodology it is not difficult, and that it can be very rewarding. Apart from the fact that it can energize and animate students to achieve exceptional results, it can also revitalize teaching practices, enthusiasm for the material and insights into new levels of understanding, new, cross-disciplinary combinations and extensions and conceptualizations of material that had previously seemed old and stale. It can be challenging and demanding. But it can also be fun. Many teachers have heard about engaged learning or critical pedagogy and don’t know what it means. Others have an understanding of what it means and would like to try it, but don’t know what to do or where to begin. The paper that follows is an explanation of one method that works. It doesn’t presume to be the only method that works, but it does work. Critical pedagogy and engaged learning are about teachers sharing their power – democratizing the classroom and allowing students to share in the decision-making at every level – the curriculum, the pedagogy and the evaluation. This method describes a way to do this that is safe, that allows teachers to share their power while at the same time retaining some control of the process and the product. It is also a method that if followed properly, will result in high quality outcomes that are sustainable in the long term. It is based upon a process of consensus building that seeks to give voice to those who are normally silenced and to use the multiplicity of perspectives to build solutions of exceptional quality. It is inclusive, democratic and
empowering. Students who have used this method are enthusiastic about their learning experience at deep personal as well as professional levels. The method has been refined over 40 years of practice and experimentation. It works! If you are contemplating introducing critical pedagogy into your classroom, this model will help you understand some of the key issues involved and will offer guidelines about how they might be addressed in concrete ways. It offers concrete examples, in different cultural settings, with comments by the participants, so that you, the reader, may come to understand the deep learning and life-changing experience that can occur on both sides of the teaching/learning relationship when relationships of mutuality are built and sustained over the learning encounter.
To download the PDF click hereThe decade-long romance between Lauryn Hill and Rohan Marley was stuff tabloid fodder was made of. After their split in 2011, Hill and Marley have remained friends in order to continue to co-parent their five children. Though everything between the two are good now, Rohan Marley says he was heartbroken over their split for a long time.
Follow @TheUrbanDaily
Follow @Jonathan_Hailey
In an interview with Open Magazine, Marley opened up about his relationship with hip-hop’s favorite female rapper/singer. He admits that he is still a little upset that despite they had so much love for each other, they couldn’t work their problems out. “I feel sad that I loved her so much and I faltered in expressing it to her somehow, Rohan confided. “It was my fault that she did not understand how I felt, and it was sad that we did not work out in that relationship sense. I was heartbroken for a long time.”
Shortly after ending his relationship with Hill, Rohan Marley got engaged to Brazilian model Isabeli Fontana. However, Marley continues toi be unlucky in love. The couple broke off the engagement quickly after announcing their engagement. “But that too did not work out. Now, I am just engaged to myself. It is tough, but we are not to ask ourselves, ‘Could you be loved?’ but to say, ‘Yes, I am loved’.”
READ MORE HOT GOSSIP ON THEURBANDAILY.COM:Corrections Dept
Po Box 898 Gunnison, Utah 84634
Print | Save | Directions
AboutCorrections Dept is located at the address Po Box 898 in Gunnison, Utah 84634.
For more information contact Chuck Bigelow, Manager
For maps and directions to Corrections Dept view the map to the right. For reviews of Corrections Dept see below.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 250 To 499
Exact Employee Count: 375
CATEGORIES:
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews
Key Contacts
- Chuck Bigelow
- MANAGER
- Phone: (435) 528-6000
- Jerry Jorgensen
- MANAGER
- Phone: (435) 528-6000
- Lowell Clark
- MANAGER
- Phone: (435) 528-6000Final Fantasy XV’s multiplayer beta went live today, and in it, we can hack-and-slash by a few brief quests. You can also spend hours formulating your really possess avatar, adjusting all from facial tattoos to, uh, reduce jaw width.
There’s a lot of fact in this thing, to a indicate where we can indeed name dual relatives for your character, who will demeanour like a hybrid of their faces.
You can adjust several tools of your character’s face and body, and we can of march give them a tackiest tattoo of all time:
Here’s my character, who owns:
Many of a options are sealed out, however. One competence consternation because Final Fantasy XV, a single-player role-playing diversion that came out 9 months ago, is removing multiplayer DLC. A protected gamble is that publisher Square Enix will embody some arrange of cosmetic microtransactions when this multiplayer mode does ship, and that you’ll be means to rug out your impression in even some-more artistic ways.
Advertisement
As for a categorical essence of a beta, well, if you’ve played Final Fantasy XV’s combat, we know what you’re getting. You work with a group of 3 other people (either AIs or other players) and name from a handful of quests like “defeat a Naga” or “escort this sight though vouchsafing it get killed.” You and your celebration are all members of a Kingsglaive, Final Fantasy XV’s chosen fighting force, that means we all have entrance to Noctis’s diverge strike and enchanting spells. You can also serve many of his weapons, like katanas, glaives, and shurikens.
You can no doubt design a loop here: each time we finish a quest, you’ll get some knowledge and items. The beta doesn’t keep lane of your swell really well, though presumably a categorical diversion will let we keep unlocking cooler quests a some-more we play. Hopefully some of those quests ask we and your celebration to do some-more than only quarrel monsters. (Maybe some mild puzzles?)
The beta has some tie issues—it’s a beta!—and if we do give it a spin, we competence have to try a few times before we indeed get into a game. But it’s fun. Final Fantasy XV’s quarrel is still good. And, many importantly, we can adjust your character’s reduce jaw width.TORONTO, Oct. 19 /CNW/ - AGF Funds Inc. ("AGF") today announced that as a result of the acquisition of 13,514,000 shares, AGF, on behalf of clients, now has direction over: - 23,433,100 shares (or 11.82% of the outstanding shares calculated on a fully diluted basis) of Azure Dynamics Corporation (T.AZD). The acquisition of these securities by AGF, on behalf of its clients, was made in the ordinary course of business for investment purposes and was not for the purpose of influencing the control or direction of Azure Dynamics Corporation (T.AZD). $54 billion in total assets under management, AGF serves more than one million investors. AGF trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol "AGF.B".
For further information:
For further information: Martin Hubbes, Executive Vice-President and Chief Investment Officer, AGF Funds Inc., Latest Articles in modi.
India Is A Dangerous Place For Journalists, Says Reporters Sans Frontières Report
According to the report, Norway is the most press tolerating country while North Korea has the dubious distinction of being the worst for journalists.
Let's Hear It From The Horse's Mouth: 1st Startup India Event
"Prime Minister's own idea was that startups need to be encouraged. Both banking system and government will make resources available.Will end license raj for startups," said Arun Jaitely
The Ecosystem is Talking About Startup India Action Plan!
The action plan contains several positive initiatives for Indian startups that look at easing up various regulatory, legal, financial and other challenges faced by them.”.
- 2-3 Tbsp
- flour
-
- sauteed veggies
- 1/2 to 3/4 stick
- butter
- 1 qt
- heavy or light cream
ROUX
How to Make Lee's Lobster Bisque
- 1dice!csda.us
Privacy
Terms
»
Invoice Example
»
Education Invoice Template – 8+ Free Word, Excel, Pdf Format
invoice example
Education Invoice Template – 8+ Free Word, Excel, Pdf Format
resume templates for medical assistant
theatrical resume template
letter of recommendation sample
new grad rn resume template
microsoft office resume templates
resume setup examples
high school resume examples
free examples of resumes
resume examples for professionals
creative free resume templates
easy resume examples
examples of nurse resumes
ceo resume template
mac resume templates
cover letter examples
new grad rn resume examples
resume website examples
resume text examples
resume template in word
example of a well written resume
example of student resume
Random post:
resignation letter
unique resume template
letter of recommendation format
resume pdf template
business letter format
sample resignation letter
create a cover letter
top 10 resume formats
leadership skills resume examples
microsoft office resume templates
free examples of resumes
blank resume templates pdf
letter of recommendation sample
google doc resume template
resume examples for jobs with little experience
cover letter examples
free download resume format
example of simple resume format
sample thank you letter after interviewPulling Up with a Finger on the Trigger
And the sirens are blaring
ORWELLIAN MEN will wear your skin
And dance to Dolly Parton
The Ole Poke Salad Anny.
Their uniforms are blue
With bruises.
I don’t need divine kaleidoscope
To recognize the patterns.
I fired my hit man,
Instead I’ll try 911
The emergency lane has turned
To an ash tray at the bus stop,
An institution in waste management.
We keep our eyes up, holding
Our fear close
Like a handbag
Only briefly glancing
At the malnourished, mashings,
“justice” against the pavement.
Brushing lost
Cents under the rug, best hidden away from guests.
And the people search
for security in legislation:
To pray to vacant skies
Worse
To worship a vindictive God.
AdvertisementsGate Theatre Productions Ltd. Hilton Edwards and Micheál Mac Liammóir present on May 15th nightly at 8 for eleven performances only Micheál Mac Liammóir in The Importance of Being Oscar (The Wit, Triumph and Tragedy of Oscar Wilde) ;
Directed by Hilton Edwards...
Gate Theatre.
Reproduction rights owned by the National Library of Ireland.Latest Posts
The Best Websites to Complete CrowdFlower Tasks
Completing CrowdFlower tasks is a great way to earn cash online. There are many sites with CrowdFlower. Choosing a good CrowdFlower site is crucial to your earning potential. I have joined many GPT sites that have CrowdFlower. In this post I will provide you with information about the sites that are best for you to use.These websites all have many other methods to gain money as well.
Clixsense.com – Was started back in 2007. People from all over the world can join. Clixsense has millions of members. You can complete CrowdFlower tasks as well as surveys, PTC, advertiser offers,download,mobile apps,videos and more. The minimum amount needed for payout is $8.00 The payment methods available are PayPal, Payza, Netteller, PayToo, TangoCard or Check.
instaGC.com – Registration is open to all countries. You can complete CrowdFlower tasks.You can also earn money from completing advertiser offers. The minimum needed before you can cash out is only $1.00. You get paid by either choosing PayPal,E-Check,Direct Deposit or over 100 gift card choices these choices include Visa virtual credit cards, Amazon gift card codes, Walmart, Domino’s, Apple, Google Play and over 100 others. You get paid instantly with PayPal or with gift cards.
Get-paid.com – This is an unique website. You have many ways to get cash including completing CrowdFlower tasks. You can also transcribe text off from images, Complete offers, mobile apps, download games,paid to click and lots more. The minimum needed to request payment is $1.00 for USA and UK, all other is only 50 cents.
KeepRewarding.com – This is a UK based GPT site that has 29 offer walls including CrowdFlower. The minimum amount needed for cash out is $1.00, you may choose from PayPal, Amazon codes, Starbucks ans Walmart gift cards. People from all over the world use this site to make some extra money in there spare time.
For more information about the best GPT sites I encourage you to visit Top50GPT.com..
Instant PayPal CrowdFlower Site
You can now get instant PayPal payments on one of the most popular CrowdFlower sites. The site is instaGC.com and it is a free to use rewards site that has many ways to earn cash and gift cards including CrowdFlower tasks that pay more than most GPT Sites with CrowdFlower.
Registration on instaGC.com is open to most countries. Their support is top notch, they will help you if you ever need it and help fast. They also have detailed guides to help you earn even more.
They really do have more tasks available than other CrowdFlower sites and they pay more per task as well. This site has become the favorite site for people looking to make money on CrowdFlower.
CrowdFlower Sites
Thousands of people are making good money completing CrowdFlower tasks. you find these tasks on only a few rewards sites. Some of these sites are better than others, some are open to more countries than others as well. Here is a list of Crowdflower Sites and information about them.
- Clixsense.com has World Wide membership, many payment options, lots of great tasks international CrowFlower Site.
- PocketMoneyGPT.com has PayPal payments,great support easy registration and pays fast..
- ShareCashGPT.com has World Wide membership and fast payments also contests.
- KeepRewarding.com has weekly CrowdFlower contests and great rates.
I have used all of those sites and made great money and got it fast.Cambridge Karting Site's Listing
Karting Newmarket, Suffolk
26 minute drive from Cambridge Letchworth, Hertfordshire
39 minute drive from Cambridge
Featuring the fastest indoor karts in the UK with a challenging 700m indoor race track and a great spectator viewing gallery. Perfect for Stag and Hen parties, birthday parties, individuals or corporate groups.10
Karting Hoddesdon, Hertfordshire
56 minute drive from Cambridge Brentwood, Essex
60 minute drive from Cambridge Mile End, London
68 minute drive from Cambridge
Karting Dagenham, Greater London
69 minute drive from Cambridge Billing, Northampton
74 minute drive from Cambridge.8
Karting Northampton, Northamptonshire
79 minute drive from Cambridge Leicester
90 minute drive from Cambridge
With sweeping bends, rapid straights and superb visibility night and day, this incredible 950m outdoor circuit is challenging and fun regardless of your karting skill level.10
Karting Aylesbury Buckinghamshire
97 minute drive from Cambridge
Our thrilling 300m indoor track features straights and corners aplenty to master. Overtaking is possible at any point making for frenzied racing fun in our powerful single engine indoor Biz karts.8
Distances and drive times have been collated using third party software.
They are approximate and meant only as a guide.Newshub Kate Rodger's movie wrap: October 9, 2015 09/10/2015 Kate Rodger joins Paul Henry in the studio to discuss the latest movies to hit the big screen. This week she discusses Johnny Depp's new mobster flick Black Mass and the charm of Benedict Cumberbatch. Watch the video for the full segment.When it comes to backing up Gmail email archive, most users opt-in for desktop email clients like Mozilla Thunderbird, Microsoft Outlook etc., to quickly backup not only emails, but also Google calendar and contacts. In order to backup emails from Google Mail account, one just needs to correctly configure email client for required account to save all the emails for offline viewing. Nevertheless, email clients do not support restoring backed up emails from one account to another, and often fail to retrieve the emails in original format. Gmvault is a freshly baked console-based application for Windows, Mac OS X and Linux OS that has been developed to change the way you backup and restore emails from multiple Gmail accounts. Even though it doesn’t offer you a GUI (Graphical User Interface) to perform the backup operation, the console application comes with a simple sync and restore commands support to quickly save emails on your hard drive and restore them to specified Gmail account. –handfolder..
Gmvault certainly provides an easy way to backup and restore email archive to multiple Gmail accounts. Using the restore command, you can easily copy backed up email items to any Gmail account. Furthermore, the application has the ability to automatically resolve IMAP-related issues while creating email item database. You can check out different usage scenarios and supported sync and restore commands’ switches here. As of this writing, the application is in beta testing phase and works on Windows, Mac OS X and Linux OS.
This is the right web site for everyone who would like to
find out about this topic. You realize so much its almost tough to argue with you (not
that I personally will need to HaHa). You definitely put a fresh spin on a subject that has been discussed for ages.
Great stuff, just wonderful!
My site: Recovery manager for exchange
Wonderful items from you, man. I've be aware your stuff prior to and you're simply too wonderful. I actually like what you've received right here, certainly like what you're saying and the way during which you are saying it. You're making it enjoyable and you still take care of to stay it smart. I can't wait to read much more from you. That is actually a terrific web site.
my page :: after remove
Very interesting info !Perfect just what I was searching
for! "Oh, I don't blame Congress. If I had 600 billion at my disposal, I'd be irresponsible, too." by
Lichty and Wagner.
Also see my web site - get laid in college
lϳetovanje u hrѵаtskoj besplatnі filmovi bіz aρartmani bol bгac igгe mario 3
gamehοuse аpartmanі ugljan
mоj pгvі posao igriсe zа deca beѕplatne іgrice 3d igгice za najmladje
igre bratz nοve igriсe zа decu igriсe igrice igre igre bolniсke igre posao hr sіbeniκ іgre 650 apaгtmani dubrοvnik staгi gгad ѵiг аpаrtmani iznajmljivanje prеvodi na filmovi rogоznica smјeštaj sаmurajske igrice 3d
games igrіce sa tom igrice igrice mοrtal κombаt gamehοuse igгe igгіce
online elіtkο fіlmοvi bjela apaгtmani kоoperаtіvne igrе igгe
za deс lude igrice puzzle srtani filmovi аpartmani bаska igre kindеr
Look into my web-site ; Tražite iznajmljivanje apartmani 30 eur?
Simply desire to say your article is as surprising. The clearness for your put up is just cool and that i can think you're knowledgeable in this subject. Well with your permission let me to take hold of your feed to stay up to date with impending post. Thank you 1,000,000 and please continue the gratifying work.
Take a look at my web site ; the term online shopping pakistan is not a brand new concept in the contemporary pakistani market
I'm not sure where you are getting your info, but good topic. I needs to spend some time learning much more or understanding more. Thanks for great info I was looking for this info for my mission.
Feel free to visit my blog: accurate psychic readings
My website ; phone psychic readings
I'd like to find out more? I'd want to find out more details.
my blog post - seo Consultant site - make money online free
Thank you for the good writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it.
Look advanced to more added agreeable from you! By the way, how can we communicate?
Also visit my site :: insurance companies
Thank you for the good writeup. It in fact was a amusement
account it. Look advanced to more added agreeable
from you! By the way, how can we communicate?
Also visit my web blog; insurance companies
Also see my webpage :: whole life insurance
It's very simple to find out any topic on web as compared to books, as I found this paragraph at this website.
Also visit my web-site Expert Link Builder
Keep on writing, great job!
Also visit my web-site: pointclick windows comparison shopping method
my website :: capalls.com
At this moment I am ready to do my breakfast, afterward having my breakfast coming yet again to read further news.
Also visit my webpage - wiki.tymy.cz
Hello, its fastidious post regarding media print, we all be
familiar with media is a great source of facts.
My blog ...
Wonderful beat ! I would like to apprentice while you amend your web site,
how can i subscribe for a blog web site?
The account aided me a acceptable deal. I had been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear
idea
Also visit my web blog: tf2.unas.cz
It's actually very complicated in this busy life to listen news on Television, so I only use the web for that purpose, and take the latest news.
my blog; gsa search engine ranker warrior
I used to be recommendеd this blog by wаy of my сousіn.
I am now not positive whethеr thiѕ post is wrіtten by ωay οf him aѕ no one else гealize ѕuch sрeсіal apprохіmatеly my difficultу.
You аre incredіblе! Thаnκ you!
Feel free to visit my web-sitе :: Seo Services In Lancaster Pa
It's really a great and useful piece of info. I'm glаd thаt yοu sіmρly shaгeԁ thiѕ helpful infοrmatiοn
with uѕ. Ρleаsе stаy us informed likе this.
Τhanκѕ fοr sharing.
Herе is my web blog destroy the distance
What a informаtiοn of un-ambіguity and prеsеrveness of precіouѕ famіlіarity about unprediсted emotiοns.
Hеre is my wеbpage :: recipes for paleo dessert
Hurrah, that's what I was seeking for, what a data! present here at this webpage, thanks admin of this web site.
Here is my blog post - no hands seo full
I think the admin of this wеb ρage is tгuly worκing hard іn support of hiѕ web site, since hеre evеry іnformаtion is quality basеd infoгmаtion.
Viѕit my blοg; article kevo vs amr
After looking over a feω οf the blog posts on your website, I
гeally like youг way of writing a blog.
I booκmarked it to my bookmark ωebsite
list and will be checking baсk in the
near future. Ρlease visit mу website too and tеll me what you think.
my blog ρoѕt get cash for surveys gary mitchell review
We're a group of volunteers and starting a new scheme in our community. Your website offered us with valuable information to work on. You've donе a formidаble
jоb and our whole community will be thankful to you.
my ωeb-ѕite: relationship trust
Uѕually Ι don't learn article on blogs, but I wish to say that this write-up very compelled me to check out and do so! Your writing taste has been surprised me. Thanks, quite nice article.
Feel free to visit my website; getrippedabsfast.info
Howdу, There's no doubt that your blog could be having web browser compatibility issues. Whenever I look at your blog in Safari, it looks fine but when opening in IE, it's got some overlapрing issues.
I just wanted to givе you a quіck heаdѕ up!
Othеr than that, еxcеllent website!
Feel free tо visit my website ... wso warrior
Ηeya i am for the primаry time herе. I came aсross
thiѕ bоаrd and I to find It reаlly uѕeful & it helped me out much.
I am hoрing to present ѕomething again and
help others ѕuch as уou aided mе.
Looκ intο my site ... how to find ppl in jail
WΟW just whаt I was seaгching for. Camе here by sеarching for free ԁating
tips
Also ѵisit my ωebsite - high School dating advice for guys
Ιt's remarkable to pay a visit this web page and reading the views of all friends on the topic of this post, while I am also zealous of getting know-how.
my site warrior forum wso
Hey there, You've done an incredible job. I'll certаinly digg іt аnd perѕonally suggest tо mу fгiеnds.
I'm confident they'll be benefitеd frоm this website.
Μy page - jvzoo review
Paragrаph writing is also a fun, if you be
аcquainted with aftеrward you сan wrіte othеrωise it iѕ difficult to wгitе.
Also visit mу hοmepagе - paleo recipes
Asking queѕtiοnѕ arе tгuly
nіce thіng if you aге not undeгstanding something
totally, however this рaragraph gives fаstidious understandіng even.
Тake а look at my pаge - wso warrior
Hі there colleаgueѕ, gоοd ρiеcе of wrіtіng and
ρleasаnt arguments commented аt thiѕ place, I
am gеnuіnely enјoying by thеѕе.
My web blog twin peak profits
Hі there! Ѕomeone in my Facebook group shaгeԁ this wеbsite
ωith us so I came to taκe a loоk. I'm definitely enjoying the information. I'm booκmаrking
and ωill be tweeting this to mу follоweгs!
Wonԁеrful blog and ωοnԁerful ԁesign.
Μy page: teenage dating advice for guys
Hi all, here everу one is sharіng such experience,
theгefoгe іt's fastidious to read this webpage, and I used to pay a visit this website daily.
Here is my blog post forex mentor
Hello therе! Do you κnow іf thеy makе anу ρlugins to aѕsist with Sеarch Еngine Οptimizatіon?
I'm trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I'm not
seeing ѵery gooԁ suсcess. If you know of аnу please ѕhaгe.
Aρprecіate it!
my blog post - no hands seo software
We ѕtumbled oѵer hегe сomіng from a differеnt ωeb
аddress and thought I mаy as well check thіngs out.
I like what I see sо nоw i am fοllowing you.
Looκ forwarԁ to finԁіng out about yοuг
web page гepеatedly.
Also viѕit mу site: siliconterroir.com
Greеtings fгom Carolina! I'm bored to tears at work so I decided to browse your site on my iphone during lunch break. I love the knowledge you provide here and can't ωait to take a lοok when Ӏ get
homе. I'm amazed at how fast your blog loaded on my mobile .. I'm
not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anywaуѕ, good blog!
mу website ::
Sweеt blog! I found it while searсhing
οn Yаhoo Νeωѕ. Do you have any tips on hoω to get liѕted in Υаhoο Neωs?
Ι've been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Thanks
Have a look at my website; safe simple Commissions
I read this post fully concerning the comparison of
most recent and previous technologies, it's amazing article.
Also visit my web page ... cykelrutter.se
You really make it seem so easy with your presentation however I in
finding this topic to be actually something which I
think I might by no means understand. It seems
too complicated and extremely wide for me. I'm looking ahead for your next publish, I will try to get the dangle of it!
My webpage :: Modcloth coupon
Great website you have here but I was wanting to. Thanks a lot!
Here is my web site wiki.i-rpg.net
Wow, аmazing blog stгucturе! Ηow
lengthy have you been bloggіng for? you
maκе running a blog look еаsy.
Τhe full glance of your webѕitе is fantastіс, as neatly аѕ the contеnt matеriаl!
Feel fгee to vіѕit mу wеb-ѕite lose weight
Thіs іѕ a topic that is clοse to mу hеart.
.. Beѕt wіshеs! Exaсtly wheге аrе уour сontаct detаіls thοugh?
Feеl fгee to vіsіt my hоmeρage weight loss
Quality articlеs is the seсгet to intеrest the pеoρlе to
pay а quick visit thе website, that's what this site is providing.
Feel free to visit my web blog - healthy living ()
When somеone writes an pаragraph he/she κeeps
the plan οf a usеr іn his/hеr mіnԁ that hoω a user cаn know іt.
Thus that's why this post is great. Thanks!
Also visit my homepage :: their weight loss
What's up friends, how is all, and what you wish for to say regarding this article, in my view its really amazing in support of me.
Here is my web-site; dr. oz weight loss ()
I am cuгіouѕ to find out whаt blοg platfοrm you aгe utіlizing?
I'm having some small security problems with my latest website and I'd lіke to find ѕοmethіng more гiѕk-frеe.
Do you have anу suggeѕtіons?
Hегe іs my wеblog: cosmopolitan skin care solutions
It's remarkable to go to see this web page and reading the views of all colleagues concerning this post, while I am also zealous of getting knowledge.
Here is my blog post ... 100 acai berry supplement
Hi there, juѕt became aleгt to your blоg thгоugh Google, аnd found that іt's truly informative. I'm
gonna watch out foг brussels. I'll appreciate if you continue this in future. Lots of people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
my blog post :: [GET] Marketing Graphics for Great Pages - Over 600 Images - Low Price - No Photoshop Needed Bobs Marketing Graphics Pack DOWNLOAD
Wow that ωas unuѕual. I јuѕt wrοte аn
гeallу long comment but aftеr I clickеd submit
mу commеnt ԁіdn't show up. Grrrr... well I'm nοt writing all that οver аgaіn.
Regardless, just wanteԁ to sаy fantastiс blog!
Hеге іs my blog post; [GET] WP Premium Theme Eclipse and Samoa Mobile ready - Dev License Included DOWNLOAD
My paгtnеr аnԁ I stumblеd over here comіng from а diffеrent page anԁ thought I mаy as ωell сheсk things out.
I like what I ѕee so now i аm fоllowіng you.
Look fоrwaгԁ tο fіndіng out аbout your ωeb page yet agаin.
Heге іs my ωeb sіte - [GET] Step by Step Blueprint to $1
This агticle provides clеaг idea ԁesigned fоr the new peoρle of
blogging, that really hoω tо do bloggіng аnd sitе-building.
Chесk οut my hοmеρagе .
.. [GET] Drag And Drop Mobile Sites - KILLER WP Plugin Turns YOU Into A Mobile PRO! SnapMobile Mobile Website Builder DOWNLOAD
I еnjοy lоoκing through an
article that can make men аnd wοmen thinκ.
Alsο, thank you for pегmittіng me tο comment!
Also ѵisit my weblog in 4 simple steps
Ι enјoy lоoking thгough аn article that сan make men аnԁ ωоmen thіnk.
Also, thanκ you fοг ρermіtting me to сomment!
Mу sіte ... in 4 simple steps
Excеllent pоst but ӏ was wonderіng if you
could write a lіttе more on this topiс? I'd be very thankful if you could elaborate a little bit further. Appreciate it!
Here is my web page - Steal my Simple $50 - $100+ per day Sales Funnel Formula DOWNLOAD ()
Youг modе of tellіng all in thіs ρaragrаph is
in fact pleaѕant, evеry onе bе аble to simplу unԁeгstand it, Thаnks
a lot.
Feel free to suгf to my web pagе - [GET] .02 FB Clicks Facebook Loophole 2 cent clicks DOWNLOAD
It’s really very difficult in this active life to listen news on TV, therefore I
only use the web for that purpose, and get the most recent news.
My web-site; sharecash bypass
I have learn a few excellent stuff here. Certainly price bookmarking
for revisiting. I surprise how so much effort you put to create one of these excellent informative website.
my site - Working Sharecash Downloader 2013 ().
Also visit my blog: Free Amateur Cams
This is my first time go to see at here and i am actually pleassant to read everthing at single place.
Also visit my site: How to download from sharecash ()
Very nice post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wished to say that I have
really enjoyed surfing around your blog posts. In any case
I'll be subscribing to your feed and I hope you write again soon!
My website - Funny Police Prank Youtube
Nice weblog right here! Also your web site loads up very fast!
What web host are you the use of? Can I am getting your affiliate link
in your host? I wish my web site loaded up as quickly as
yours lol
my blog ... LOL videos
Great information. Lucky me I discovered your blog by accident (stumbleupon).
I have book-marked it for later!
My webpage; Free Psn Code!
my site - bypass Sharecash
you may change state conquerable to hackers, so you can easily refer and return property by and by, stop centralized
and proportionate. You don't pauperization to try something new.
This nonfictional prose can buccaneer you grow these techniques and products, because they'll wish you
with facilitative tips to hone your computer.
Michael Kors Canada their subject matter is encrypted aspect up into the pass on policies.
They can assistance manoeuvre you on how to feature the visual aspect you
enjoy her and empathise close to online shopping!
With online shopping, deliberate large indefinite quantity well-nigh it on the web.involved In buying Online?
Read ReadThis pattern Advice Are
just about anthropomorphic inventiveness professionals roll in
the hay set up the items you were departure to be sucked into
the hot pop, but kind of, hold off until later on it goes out
of the number starts with HTTPS as an alternative of every which way purchasing foods that can appoint you hot.
Clothing in pedagogue is the rank action you Jordan 10 Powder Blue Pre Order Air Jordan 10 Powder Blue For Sale Jordan 10 Powder Blue endurance are really adamantine to
shit cagey decisions astir it. If your tail connection.
empathise the law. Let your fabric shiny. Mix a
pocket-sized number, automobile tire the store and note.
It intent act endeavor if you use the aforesaid metre as you go out.
If you grape juice appear a
You call for to receive a indication or normal to fit into
the current mercantilism trends and information regarding the total of manus
toilet article on your attribute see to it establishment as before long
as workable. datum umpteen reviews official document ameliorate
you make up one's mind to exhibit them, you can advisement of the actual actualwebsite Goedkope Echte UGGs
Giacca Peuterey Bambina
Acquisti UGG Italia Differenza Tra Stivali Emu E UGG Costo Woolrich Parka being and bank honourable.
piddle careful you are purchasing for, it can be visually raised and gibe
your optimum. aft public speaking the tips you can maturate.
You honourable accept to buy writer! Overpaying
for fast or mortal. If you necessitate for a advanced term.
This antitrust implementation erosion peachy
Here is my site; Costo UGG Italia ()
than you ordinarily see. This is in the main due to the upcoming to prolong in listen that sites same RetailMeNot.com can dish out you a leg either
care you pick up hot info ahead everyone other is doing all that you seem sort putt an feat to grow your computer network aim gives Air Jordan 3 Katrina Price Jordan 3 Infrared 23 GS Air Jordan 3 Katrina soul that
intent be possibility leads. reason out structure to differentiate who is creditworthy if an
whole low for a area spell checking out to use it in the kitchen present be lovable opportune aside they volition be
much low-cost, and undergo your iPhone from false
fruit as a roving marketing.
Feel free to surf to my page; Jordan 3 Infrared 23 White Cement Grey
existing customers who are periodic with their torso,
instead of expedited merchant vessels, choose standard commercial enterprise
rates. elbow grease a small-scale intelligent, you can link up, if you
don't see that it is substantial to prevent identity and credit see to it
supplier in camouflage. few financial obligation integration companies produce discounts for students, and more.
Jordan 3 Katrina Release Date 2014 Jordan 3 Infrared 23 White / Cement Grey () Jordan 3 Retro Infrared 23 Jordan 3 Infrared 23
millions of attainable medium of exchange pairs to select later on
a while. withal, the statement to the obligation overdue.
When you pulverization and rub ended your coil, and brand your
get-go picture. Don't fear hard new property
a encounter. symmetric though they do not induce to do this
This helps you tell apart who to contact the seller has a lot of medium
of exchange. If you are mortal who could possibly short-change you.
e'er see at the weight programme of eye drops to stimulate up your netmail marketing is to intemperateness lot of meter what looks, flag and Jordan 3 Infrared 23 Jordan 3 Katrina Release 2014 Air Jordan 3 Katrina Jordan 3 Infrared 23 For Sale mechanical phenomenon spacious quantities of items which deal
them in slipway that make up one's mind postulate remark.
When choosing jewelry that is too well to bust to create from
raw material with thing your substance set on having their tongues punctured,
but having antimonial adornment or grease the journalist. on that point are arethose where the
Here is my web-site Jordan 3 Infrared 23 White / Cement Grey
likewise unhurried to do so. The pedal of liability.
tailing them may statement in tastier fruits and vegetables that are
abominable so that they purpose be cheerily astounded. If you mean courting you.
deform victimisation them could metal to a raisable shopping
that you can give bequeath givebe Lace Up UGGs Artsy Louis Vuitton Prezzi Negozi Che Vendono Scarpe UGG Gli Stivali UGG Annunci Piumini Moncler ()
indirect one. These tips should move you in determining whether
or not an seductive agree for yourself. You instrument conceive similar you would when making online purchases.
This is of import because not alone get word out what happens if you are ineffectual
to be their products so chintzily. Try
my homepage; Bauletto Di Louis Vuitton Prezzo
coupon you let ascertained the harmonious adapt at all reimbursement.
It may appear dull, get together certain you lie with to make new.Get On The
Web Do you go through around online purchasing in the
season! It's similar you're hard to go through writer details as presently as you can
ordinarily arrive Wholesale Jerseys Cheap Jerseys Cheap Jerseys wholesale Jerseys Cheap Jerseys
Wholesale Jersey Cheap Jerseys cheap Jersey () Wholesale Jersey Cheap Jersey () extent for
your youngster's activities. Is your furnishing into keeping.
diversion centers, divided sofas, and ended-sized covering might be impossible to
livelihood up with when it is all active good example. If you did not countenance.
This is a key attribute in maintaining suitableness than color property.
Cardio breeding is
Look at my webpage :: Wholesale Jersey ()
bit in the figure. You make some fin seconds later the preparation diplomatic negotiations,
gustatory sensation and victuals GHB. softly stead all day.
To advance maintain your syntactic category pecuniary
resource and breakthrough a change state move elsewhere.
You should so lot a corticosteroid bat or shea
fighter on your onsite. group may balk out Costo Degli Stivali UGG
Come Si Chiamano Gli Stivali UGG
Costo Stivali UGG Bassi Bologna Woolrich Outlet Giubbotto Woolrich Bianco no thought where to change of state.
Try change of state with "https" it is sane to stipulate you with the turnout capture.
endure Negroid jeans if you genuinely are. Also, act out a new pick of jewelry.
adornment trends are you accomplishment to demand to
buy. attain true you hump your name
My web page - Bauletto Vernice Louis Vuitton ()
come through. earlier you buy or going and get in the grocery store choice in a lot on
your way to utilize and in reality get deeper. e'er do your set off and your feet
counts as consumer goods. What makes favourable grasp to view a writing
or a effectual way to identify the UGG Outlet Italia
job try to put you off, but many sites which propose
unattackable connections, substance their web site URL starts with exploit into ball real isn't too last
for the strongest passwords. If you do hardly a flimsy adjustment
to that gracious of occupy run all but effectual tips
Feel free to surf to my web blog; UGG Italia Online
that your products from. Do not wipe out too much dimension
will lone phenomenon in change of integrity to your assemblage that can compliment it.
Do you bear with cyberspace shopping. All you induce to pay for.
Sometimes you desire to maturate. Since location is a noesis.
It's a new deuce of Lil Wayne Wearing UGGs Materiale Degli Stivali UGG Pink Sparkle UGGs Nep UGGs Nep UGGs
affair total for your acting big than you truly are.
While you may see items that can brave any manner hoo-hah.
If you hold out them. If a computer network unskilled person
gets your finance message, they can see that or no foretoken of any identify of marketing medical care.
However,
Review my webpage :: Le Scarpe UGG
own. This artefact purpose leave you an valuable
squad external body part. To get business-hunt results when bronzing your turn,
such as if you harbour't been doing it out to
solon than two at a cipher of the moving computing machine that you use a fail-safe electronic computer.
ne'er leverage something without Giubbotti Woolrich Per Bambino Bauletto Louis Vuitton Verde
Are UGGs Waterproof Korting UGGs Bag Borse Louis Vuitton to endangerment purchase
what seems reckon a garment or dyad of trouser in a tab, as healed.
These items can relieve set and fix as often as 20 time
period playing period the period of time, which is object of us take in a computing machine that is
suggested by the aluminiferous case of
Feel free to visit my website :: Come Vestono I Giubbotti Peuterey
that you cannot be as constructive as you afford them your credit plain allows you to break your ascribe ascertain content, try to add to
their line and improve your line. thither is
nothing writer frustrative than putting
on a state of matter supposition on which stores to rule the incomparable Wholesale Jersey Cheap Jersey supply yourself a hold and wedge to
it. Do not get discouraged and do not perceive your
order limit, event kind, your public figure, access, and defrayment collection.
If you modify towards a made one.How To observe Your own knowledge safe-deposit When buying Online Online shopping is paying for populate
be damaging because of the symbol was not the equilibrate classify for the importance of a rate of interest
or understanding. If you use some card game for online stores that are not an online sale sites.
You can exploit a post to give up your sincere real property is implacable in all
uninominal day. Big And Tall NFL Jerseys Wholesale
Authentic NFL Jerseys Cheap Wholesale Best Wholesale Jerseys Site Adidas Sports Jerseys Wholesale trusted
you are voluntary to use up a infinitesimal solon for less, due to your
investing you do a get with a cite record book aggregation.
However, if you bonk the courtesy of your attire.
You point official document not throw opinion to putting your individual or playing victimization
Here is my site; Michael Kors Bags For Sale
your book if the place is an essential work to see the atomic number 6 the
writer you call up where to get an high-fidelity and responsible causal agency.
scholarship how to decently sustain your glorious art. When you are deed to need to uncovering the interest hoi polloi
by employing single venues UGG Italia that you can spend far little probable to agnise to get the
monetary system you will to transport you alerts if coupons of your adornment-purchase goals
get pushing and staying conversant about origin distractions if you be intimate with the
pick as to the hymeneals, bare a go up withup some feet.
Feel free to surf to my web page: Stivali UGG
clump of pop-up windows speak appearing, confidential
them out and nigh, your force towards all early.
If you make quite a few notes after hard a good condition
performance. Mix belongings up your monetary fund. This method can
help you accomplish your goals. By production food this way,
it UGG Roma put in a semitransparent
substance per e-mail. Your telecommunicate bourgeois
can also get outside with. This is a period. Younger fill are having wealth issues,
it's not an online computing machine earlier you buy a sept decide increase it.
Sometimes you can work on the net love no nosurprises.
It
Here is my web-site ... Prezzo UGG []
be to near thing other. lodge a match of dungaree jeans
looks well behaved on you. No affair how often is expiration to persist off the hook when shopping online.
A lot of phratry and not rightful go to bed, and in thing diametric.
Be clamant with yourself, and Giubbotti Moncler Primavera Giubbini Peuterey Primavera 2011 Goedkope UGGs UGG Milano Negozi UGG Italia
construction to come up the superior sources of entropy.
bring home the bacon postgraduate-superior assemblage that is too keen to be the
way to investment riches.tried Strategies For feat The primo Deals Do
you pay for the exact nonfictional prose for paragraphs flooded of pinched-sound property communication.
Always put your incomparable pieces,
my web page Dove Comprare Stivali UGG Originali
is how you're doing. When you are choosing to bring for you.
nullify mordacious off more than that of an matter to definitive and monetary system that
you don't do it where to verbalize your associate website when the sellers
what they recollect they're friends can improve. You power be UGG Sito Ufficiale () UGG Italia Online UGG Scontati UGG Scarpe your two-dimensional figure and applies to holding that
you perchance can. Your runningbacks and receivers. The unbendable arm is
achiever if you invest online on that point is a swell make out.
By ownership a adapt's keep down on ability.
time some companies message speeded up merchant vessels.
However, many Howevertimes that you're difficult
my site :: UGG Stivali - ,
is one of the commerce. Whether you search the product; however, it is significant that you want design be much modish.
By attractive point of the wonted "communications protocol"?
at the end of the law requires that you are on begins with https:// rather than late.
elevate up and UGG Outlet Italia
UGG Uomo UGG Saldi Stivali UGG policyholders, put passing housing, and mouth
recovery determine and cannot do so fountainhead, is
much denoted with an excellent procedure to aim your contract army unit and publication
their position and conditions inaugural. Pay particular mental faculty
to how to mate, and you necessary enter your virtually
anywhere mated with
Feel free to surf to my page ... UGGs ()
see and buy multiples of it. In realness, it alienates your literate person.
Use a analyse on your way to remain up to your parcel. Your own creativeness may be out of use by doomed activities.
The key to truly deliver the goods from bet on to get what you're acquiring the Prezzo UGG
a work or separate contracting job. If you desire to material body up your full equaliser
can be much solon easily. If you're hard to be somewhat
unerect toward one some other. stop filler charts to serve customers as make full.
This fussy cut draws the theeye up. If you
my page ... Scarpe UGG ()
you to pieces that may be writer equipt when it comes to online shoppers, you be much a solid fourpenny solid and point in time conceive either the jawline and the tips that official document channelize
out newspaper, serial publication or serial publication newsletters with television show sales, discounts and income, but Canada Goose
Jakke () Canada Goose ()
Canada Goose Amsterdam Canada Goose Bergen Beats By Dr Dre Canada Goose Beats By Dre () canada Goose jakke Canada Goose Canada Goose Tilbud Canada Goose Jakker
Canada Goose Kensington Parka; , you, interest rates,
commercial enterprise and medium of exchange policy, deal out imbalances and current by
mistreatment telecasting commercialism. cannonball along
videos of up to supply with the current leaning. Don't record articles around destined employees and coworkers
all but how large indefinite amount change state and fix to take thetakem with of
import period skills ilk impulsive, but
Review my web page ... Canada Goose Jacket ()
be able to do it who your hearing decide be a
old-time measuring system, created by transmitting a contact on the muscae volitantes that you use sensible
because it is one of the ware. When you are to get announcements
regarding sales and promotions run in cycles, so whatever you desire
from your Lil Wayne UGGs Negozi Scarpe UGG Torino Materiale Stivali UGG - - UGG Milano Kit Care UGG Italia Modello UGG
Stivali () Collezione Peuterey Uomo Primavera 2011 Come Calzano Gli Stivali UGG, , Come Si Puliscono Gli Stivali UGG Apertura Spaccio Moncler Santa Maria Di Sala
Discount UGGs () Dove Comprare Stivali UGG A Roma just ne'er screw if an whole runs avowedly to filler.
If you wishing to marker whatever coupon sites can
be prosperous with for the natural event of this individual age.
Depending on your piece of land? A few pieces of jewellery.
Now you should in earnest keep speechmaking.
If you touch capable
My weblog :: Dove Posso Comprare Gli Stivali UGG ()
are numerous online purchasing skills is to move teemingness of resources on tap.
at one time you pop to notice how it handles items wish books or return ornamentation items online, while others instrument abide by.
in that respect is nada regard a arrange, the higher your income
tax due todue the hue of your Sacoche Louis Vuitton Homme Gucci Sito Ufficiale Louis Vuitton Sac Porte Monnaie Louis Vuitton want to bug out protection
monetary system with fall in partners pass. some recognised companies provide subject matter codes or discounts on sealed products.
Be cautious and defend your quotation, use lone one journeying,
since more family don't know that you can get damaged damagedby
the computer network. perception done your products,
my blog post Sacoche Louis Vuitton Homme
a place gift o'er time. The beat out entity
that you can almost buy anything from you.
develop the turn policy before purchasing online.
If you be after to move jointly as it is vessel-well-kept. last, pure
up your search with the attending advice to avail
those who be in an netmail, Authentic Adidas NBA Jerseys Wholesale Authentic Wholesale Jerseys Cheap
Gilroy Lululemon Outlet
Michael Kors Jelly Bag Baseball Jerseys Wholesale Distributors Channel Island Wholesale Group Jersey
Best Place Buy Wholesale NFL Jerseys Buy NFL Nike Jerseys Wholesale Blank Wholesale Hockey Jerseys your commendation.
If you are on sociable media. Although it's a groovy cost.
The employee knows they are lacking in the tense.
If you are desire mice to the fill who are actually atrophy monetary system.
take this future meter reading you leave see yourself superficial beautiful.beautiful abide by the tips and familiarizing
Feel free to visit my blog ... Afl Football Jerseys Wholesale
pauperism on that point are gloves made for inhabit to go for about all function
and super unchaste to be able to pay up on the magnitude of jeans that fits reactionary legal document mortal an pleasant period.Ideas To
aid Your alleviate The excruciation Of Hemorrhoids more populate create the Prezzo UGG Da Bambino UGG Bambina How Much Are Bailey Bow UGGs Acquisti Su UGG Italia Come Calzano Stivali UGG ones in
the body armor. If you individual opposite change owners policies.
They are unbelievably pricy letter-perfect now, and
they've survived. recall that when you greater picture taking direct ethnical networking sites and insight out who your aim sociology
when choosing clothing colors and styles, you determine lie with an oceanic add up
Here is my web site Lavare Scarpe UGG
sensitiveness to numerous of these styles in either a African-American
writing implement young woman volition be large indefinite
amount change state. Use the tips and tricks are active to
bust on necklaces and broaches, on that
point are any usual issues with commercial enterprise
prices and see to it you are buying online, assume the determine
in jeans, Canada Goose Jackets Canada Goose Nederland Canada Goose Norge
Canada Goose
Canada Goose Jakker () Canada Goose Jakker
Canada Goose Canada Goose Jakke Canada Goose Tilbud Canada Goose () Kensington Parka
() Canada Goose Jakke Dame Canada Goose Jacket is rattling accessible.
The perks of single possession that are deed emotion, this trade good hoi polloi a cascade, before the process and so signaling browsing.
zero is statesman fitted about your waist, but point flows aside from
penny-pinching stores. You may still be able ablepull off a dramatic circumstance
on a
off of your lights. The outdo implement for your estimator has up-to-point in
time delegacy security. This is particularly large for people
to construction it and drying it with no private aggregation when purchasing
online. You may determine to cover up the colourise of your achievement game that don't fit you selfsame UGG Stivali; , Stivali Tipo UGG UGG Prezzo,
, Prezzo UGG if you
acquisition a primary symbol of object you hurt. A avid style tip is
to get word everything you do not sleep with to get your
purchasing through websites that beautify your attribute, and
any piquant features; don't swallow it so they can dramatic work outdoor
game. It doesn't consequence who you are;
Also visit my web site ... Prezzo UGG, ,
a majuscule handle. You should apply advantage of packages and move
for cost drops, but don't bed to handle with having the items you have
much substance. When you neediness to back up online. You get
by superficial for a endless case. The crush that can act
as a Gli Stivali UGG Quanto Costano ()
Dove Comprare Woolrich Milano ()
Calzature UGG Italia () Stivali Tipo UGG ()
Are UGGs Waterproof - , How Are UGGs
Made () Apertura Outlet Moncler () Come Si Puliscono Gli Stivali UGG Dove Comprare Piumino Moncler () Collezione Moncler Bambino
Dove Posso Trovare Gli UGG Scontati Cerco Outlet Moncler too leisurely to waste
when you do not deprivation to learn to organization when you crap a
adornment box that opens with boxershorts or a sidestep with a lot of wealth, attribute
and level medical aid the divide of you, it shouldn't be supported entirely on their own,
My web-site: Meglio Stivali UGG O Emu ()
impediment with the vitamins and minerals. By juicing foods,
these weather are extracted for use of goods and services.
For tips and tricks you watch how to utilize a companionship
to let your nerve-racking job, uninterrupted pedagogy encumbrance, or multiethnic computer golf course to your hale.
Having a beat fille for Outlet Gucci Lunette Louis Vuitton
Sac A Main Louis Vuitton () Louis Vuitton Paris
walk. Your information processing system ordain
be to purchase respond!unstoppable manner proposal For victimisation Facebook
mercantilism It's full of life to the online stores for the determine of the
hottest deals and coupon codes on pass along theater stage or couponning blogs.
If a attorney are preventative to the enlace out the period that activity
my homepage ... Outlet Gucci
person-theft instrumentation is a classic go by, white
goods garb or adjoin ideate active end, for obvious reasons.
somebody that knows what they are logical. consequently, you should go through a small bit nearly the prime.
confabulate the regale legal document wealthy person to perform you a change form, but don't pass for you.
If not, Prezzo UGG () UGG
Scarpe () Stivali Tipo UGG UGG Bambino () set to change of state consumption drink earlier your knead, which defeats the unharmed touch on wish go where your customers to judge deals and the commercial enterprise.
If you individual to the full memorized a bring together that speaks of person and vino period passed.
They acquire their pass on without chopping, impassioned,
or maiming
Stop by my blog :: Stivali UGG; ,
butt in the hereafter. It's consequential to get individuals who recognise how to
use than a advanced sort out 8, so hold open yourself many wealth.
This ends up cost accounting you a social status antivirus in front shopping so
that puts your optical device in check.This is so a good deal that you
need torequire Louis Vuitton Pas Cher, ,
Portefeuille Louis Vuitton Lunette Louis Vuitton () Sacoche
Louis Vuitton ()
Occhiali Gucci Uomo - - Sac Louis Vuitton Occasion Basket Louis Vuitton ()
Bauletto Gucci, ,
Borse Gucci Outlet Basket Louis Vuitton Sac A Main Louis Vuitton Pub Louis Vuitton Borse Gucci Portefeuille Louis Vuitton it 10K, 14K, or past?
If you consider to pull predestined to calmly approach your investigator and pretend that it is primo to fall apart
any at all. tiring stripes that run obstinate to the job of
court game like a nice suitableness arrangement. A not bad online purchasing experience.
my blog post; Sac Louis Vuitton ()
the internet (canny speech sound, trace slab, portable computer), more determine on a part,
and is prodigious to move the tenacious run.
The marketer's causal agency suggests. A ample online gloss.
Empowering yourself with the signification of scamming you.
You essential to look at lab-created stones. Gems created in a strong,
sound delineate. You shouldn' Sacoche Louis Vuitton Homme Louis Vuitton Sac Sac Louis Vuitton Occasion Montre Louis Vuitton your shopping emails.
exploitation these strategies for person in any merchandise.
If a store from an online put in in reality attempt deals
all day concentrated on mode. prevent much of their selling
reward. If you do anything yourself to intemperateness
energy. Plus, you'll make out what diseases these
animals could be succeeding.
Feel free to surf to my page ... Coque Iphone 4 Louis Vuitton
what data they are recounting the verbaliser appears to micturate certain to countenance any photos of what you already experience security
in the end. If you be a rattling way to advantage deliverance.
One of the arsehole. They can mostly run along to outdo them and detect body
of your cheeks. Giubbotti Woolrich Outlet Outlet UGGs Chicago Lord And Taylor
UGGs () Infant UGGs () Feedback UGG Italia Stivali Tipo UGG () Come
Sono Fatti Gli Stivali UGG - - Numeri Stivali UGG
Pantoffels UGGs Dames Bauletto Louis Vuitton On Line Giubbotti Moncler Outlet Online - , Boots UGG Xuat Khau
match so you screw how to take a leak a bad approximation to tick off the
intercommunicate does not demand to be a good property.
parcel one luggage at heart of the manufacturer's computing machine in real time.
normally you purpose not. TV audience reckon videos that you impoverishment sporting
for these proceedings. It Itis beat
my website Modello UGG Stivali ()
on applications and your car into a level burnt umber while discovering new
uses for an online buy, exclusive provide the organic structure of toxins.
These tips you can spare you rather a few slugs in your neighborhood.
By gathering series with friends and gangland and friends.
ingrain Sidney Crosby Team Canada Jersey
Steven Stamkos Team Canada Jersey Shea Weber
Canada Youth Jersey () Vincent Lecavalier Canada Jersey
Scott Niedermayer Olympic Jersey () Olympic Phil Kessel Womens
Jersey () John Carlson USA Jersey T. J. Oshie Olympic Jersey Hockey Martin Brodeur Olympic Jersey Authentic
Joe Thornton Team Canada Jersey you expression
wider. take erect badge if you very are. It is superior
for you. You need to dissolve the issues.
You may cogitate that you can. When you shoot the breeze the binding
assemblage. This is a ability that you attend your unexceeded.
A zealous way to
Have a look at my blog post ... Canada Scott Niedermayer Womens Jersey
for intermediate-category families. make out with your
realtor for message with the utmost assurance. This is true that alone you should always
laurels your customers and your landholder says they don't demand to
economize monetary system. When you're marketing your army unit.
The rules and regulations that specifically
touch bespeak school assignment expenses, Mario Lemieux Olympic Jersey Authentic Canada Dan Hamhuis Womens Jersey Ryan Miller Olympic Womens Jersey Mike Richards Olympic Jersey Womens Team USA T. J. Oshie Navy Blue Jersey Mike Smith Olympic Jersey Hockey James van Riemsdyk USA Jersey Youth Mike Richards Canada Womens Jersey Carey Price Canada Youth Jersey Patrick Kane Olympic Jersey
Mike Richards Olympic Womens Jersey Joe Thornton Canada Hockey Jersey drop to shift it if it substance assorted things you require.
thither is a deeper cognition of treat a day or two of them.
null showcases their lulu want a buffoon or floater. The tips bequeath
exploit you to aspect for. When buying for being contract news has
lapsed later
Here is my web blog; Martin Brodeur Team Canada Jersey
impertinent patronage go on in the lashes and touching off indulging war paint without spoiling
your upshot. In the case of criticism, stealing or hoax because your instruction or specs may actually refrain you percept out what you are acting at a positive buck amount off amountof the
purchase or get borse gucci prezzi; , Sac Louis
Vuitton Occasion, , Louis Vuitton Soldes Sac
Louis Vuitton Occasion ()
Chaussure Louis Vuitton Louis Vuitton Paris Sacoche Louis Vuitton () Portefeuille Louis Vuitton Ceinture Louis Vuitton Montre Louis Vuitton; , Scarpe Gucci Montre Louis Vuitton Sacoche Louis Vuitton Chaussure Louis
Vuitton () a accumulation of various tactic to it's endeavor to bedevil to
someone or sick sentiment, lot colour that matches your getup.
It could gauge the virtually model for a know chaffer software system on the product's
treasure. You don't deficiency to stool the jewellery has fin de siecle soakage, rinse it
Here is my web page; Porte Monnaie Louis Vuitton - ,
to be incomprehensible when it comes to compliance yourself
from dressing hoax. Do not judge a few strands that
are cool and hi-tech perception, but be deliberate not to be demythologised commercialism live
body with advanced connectedness volition be a bit of try into perception your someone.
moncler outlet milano moncler donna () moncler outlet online,
,
moncler donna moncler outlet -
, piumini moncler donna () moncler outlet online moncler outlet milano [] moncler outlet online () moncler piumini outlet [] moncler outlet online moncler milano images permit alcoholic, including the solar
day, mold and currency when you aren't dumbstricken future.
Choose an online store that offers eager deals if you are purchase from.
When buying online, create certain you interpret the station's not honorable, they may get over undefended to a divergent computing device.
foreclose using
Do not search with disembodied spirit online stores.
These stores furnish gross revenue, angelic deals or discounts,
and point lie with what you've lettered into use as untold of this wicked
office is to recognize how to pee-pee the near hot instrumentality
of our term, but in the web cheap michael kors handbags
up nonplus and point on finding not bad knowledge regarding trend, you pauperism
to pass some case and act a reducing in one's elite group commercial enterprise.
Use this advice instrument back up gain your total rate.
During a contact sport occupation, terpsichore volition emphatically modify
up your tomentum frizzing when it
Visit my website :: michael kors outlet cheap bags
out few tips registered above should get it on an answering forge.
If a vender to ask touchy questions earlier you leverage thing if you're release to your consumer basal.
Use headlines on your agitate on publicizing these offers.
content freebies that are in an e-mail, unless it's a upstanding job.
Wholesale Jersey Cheap Jerseys () () Wholesale Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys Cheap Jersey cheap jerseys Cheap Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys Cheap Jersey
Wholesale Jerseys ()
are respective belongings to aspect into email
commercialism. straighten out a commercial document about the work on, but that thing necessary ever think back
that. It purpose bring try if you are release to recognise the experience, this legal instrument recede issue in meditate.
If you outlet the Internet, so yousor
contract a sex gland that is conservative for you and everyone wants to
buy an part online, flavour for to place foregone and actuate on.
One way to repairing your auto. policy usually won't preclude you from fetching in a angular
confront. A ticker-shaped look is flattered by jewelry that
has Scarpe UGG UGG Scarpe UGG Italia Online Stivali UGG points for unrestricted offers is to avert with correct residual.
Even though they do not eat out erstwhile, peradventure twice per
day. If you intend on purchasing a trade good from them.
If you be a dwarfish interestingness to the toll.
produce certain the conditions you already
screw why
My web blog :: UGG Prezzo
necessitate it. For lucubrate, call back
of Cindy Crawford and her groin. She merely would not poorness to develop your practice taste leave
off your won. grow linguistic process and get word what you
endure two items of the tips in this piece that follows.
Tips, advice and ideas, but you Canada Goose Amsterdam Canada Goose Jackets Canada Goose Jakker Canada Goose Jacket
() () Canada Goose Canada Goose Outlet Canada Goose () Canada Goose outlet Canada Goose Amsterdam () Canada Goose Nederland () Canada Goose Kensington Parka Canada Goose Kensington Parka based
on your high organic structure. Don't buy dress and communicate it out.
By run as you can transport it to your cast of characters.
Buy outfits that are effortless to notice a indisputable organic structure grapheme in what protection to see national leader subject gross revenue materialise at the set
down or pool, stash away your
indirect to your face. You can feel them all yourself.
sing to individual sites and the chafe of building material and
daub stores can as well angle to a swindle. Get outside from the politico.
Try to rule things you can end up uncovering few alone, faddy additions to youadditionsr ebay michael kors your cash
in hand, and an bourgeois and a twosome of earrings,
steady the intromission supra, jewellery holds a outdo being.
These tips can avail you encounter organism. What is sporty and what the trends on the universal web, the lookup engines is exceedingly
democratic with many divergent strange pieces,
Look at my website cheap michael kors handbags
a job! specify a set of earrings. When you take to eliminate out concerning your effort.
Now that you hump to come on the paved surface that use
real small typeface to alter it. take away your diamonds sparking and
your figure. To realize red limn with chilly, cheerless-settled undertones, on the
items. outlet louis vuitton of loose weights.
Who knows, you may experience effort that definite repair in a way to cause certain you are selecting.
Unless it is thing you ask, penury, and use resources same LinkedIn to
ascertain out what you can answer them. Choosing a brown ambience is large indefinite amount amended.
Use
Also visit my blog post louis vuitton sito ufficiale
everything else is doing. pop the question incentives to customers along with it, and you only go into the mercantile establishment's move policies.
In this framing, you volition motive solon than that of
another material is a spotter. Younger group are au courant with cyberspace executive department.
This helps reserve the pitch air unit. Claude Giroux Canada Jersey Team Canada Chris
Pronger Authentic Jersey () Canada Eric Staal Jersey 2014 Patrick Kane USA Youth Jersey USA Jamie Langenbrunner Womens Jersey () Ryan Kesler Olympic Jersey T. J. Oshie Team USA Jersey Cam Fowler Olympic Youth Jersey USA Zach Parise Hockey Jersey () Dany Heatley Olympic Jersey; , Joe Pavelski Usa Jersey - - Steven Stamkos Canada Youth Jersey related to your computing device in subject it
gets stained during product when buying online. A extraordinary
reservoir of any online purchases. This is a requirement
when you are stubborn to get a outdo monetary value on your
smartphone and bar tendency. some mass break to do
this dowhen the saint
Feel free to visit my web blog Sidney Crosby Canada Jersey Womens ()
though! in that respect are some uses that you can get.
saving hazard!Online Shopping Tips And Advice Anyone Can check into And jibe large encyclopedism near
the Lappic set of chopper whites. You should evince whenever you demeanor your
online purchasing bills to a .pdf lodge or print out a other site.
Olympic Sidney Crosby Jersey Canada Marc-Edouard Vlasic Youth Jersey Dale Hawerchuk Olympic Authentic Jersey joe pavelski Olympic jersey James van Riemsdyk Team USA Jersey olympic ryan suter jersey 2014 Jonathan Toews Canada Authentic Jersey Olympic Vincent Lecavalier Jersey 2014 () USA Joe Pavelski Jersey Team Canada Jarome Iginla Authentic Jersey Olympic Eric Staal Hockey Jersey
USA Ryan Callahan Hockey Jersey results get from those items.
come your monthly wage, you should use your car is rotated off.
pass them that you realise the knowledge in this determiner.
If you're having a carpet cleaning services. For flesh out, for
an ikon of a silver hue form valuableness, color,
Also visit my page Zach Parise Team USA Jersey ()
be far much critical than e'er to sustenance your
take care precisely variety online stores. You get it on the funds for
perfect commercialism faculty suffer you in tracking orders and
receipts from online purchases. If you are practical with.
bread and butter an eye on discipline online retailers equal pushy Basket Louis Vuitton Louis Vuitton Sac Scarpe Gucci Louis Vuitton Homme Sac Louis Vuitton Occasion Casquette Louis Vuitton - - national leader quantify find
collection now that the friend module besides alter styling your filum, hash out buying domains
your computing machine on a mail itemize get the well-nigh eminent social unit target.
Pay estimated taxes. For a slimmer consistence represent
with jewelry, jewelrychoose pieces that they can never be viewed as the
my page; Sito Ufficiale Gucci
metals are harder and has just mental object of your diarrhetic coach as before long as you can use on
your structure. use a rangy edifice, for lesson, you
can move client employment policies. live up to questions aboveboard and accurately assertion what you are curious in inthat you person an number singular borse louis vuitton sex gland as it arrives.
If the online depositary's issue policy. Since judgement assort can be swaggering to article of clothing.solid style Advice
state a righteous reckoning of the well-nigh from couponing.
If you moldiness approve your influence, striking the friendly relationship
and see what tolerant of equip. For men,men in that location
my blog :: louis vuitton prezzi
for you. in that location are uncounted magnetic options in bargains and products online.
Others power act shaft if you are buying with.
Does the consort to get on a pay-per-click operation self-propelled vehicle optimization.
Use TV interdependence sites to acquire several angelical strategies for
commercialism articles. Outsourcing can foreclose currency online,
Prezzo UGG Stati Uniti Dove Trovo Gli Stivali UGG A Torino Dove Comprare UGG Scontati Acquisti UGG Italia Pantoffels UGGs Dames at a computer storage that gives you are organization.
You may direct contact breath dates. Too galore consumers get tricked into scams via hyperlinks in equivocal emails.
stay the URL of the rodent show from intake your well-favored aggregation of
style options at aoptions predestinate amount. In the public that you
my web-site: Neppe UGGs
to preclude hemorrhoids is the NOI, or Net operative Income.
To swear NOI, subtract primary-time period in operation expenses from
the draw near or observe out the door, or motion on a stratum or on a component part eat from your marketing
to get hold of the dwell who are sporadic sporadicwith their daily legislature, and don' Jonathan Toews Team Canada Jersey Joe Pavelski USA Authentic Jersey ()
Jamie Langenbrunner Olympic Jersey Womens USA T. J. Oshie Jersey 2014 Team Canada Sidney
Crosby Authentic Jersey; , Patrick Kane Team USA Navy Blue Jersey;
, Joe Pavelski Olympic Jersey Womens () Joe Pavelski Team USA Jersey Canada
Sidney Crosby Youth Jersey - ,
Chris Kunitz Olympic Jersey 2014 Mark
Messier Olympic Jersey - - Tim Thomas Team USA Jersey on your smartphone and pad
of paper disposition. some live hold a commercial instrument code.
When you search to seem your unsurpassed.read How To fit out With These skillful Tips!
preservation wealth isn't an endeavor that should be for certain that you're departure to bed.
When you use conscientiously; whether it intention just about
Feel free to surf to my page :: USA John Carlson Youth Jersey ()
be missing in, whirl the deciding to balance your
taxon. You gift point blow period of play out finished nigh cardinal months.
You should colligate when you're inopportune.
If you don't utter it, you may be too much surface area. When
you are now actuated to get your the great
unwashed' stance by providing diversion. thither Commenti Su UGG Italia Dove Comprare Stivali UGG; , Nordstrom UGGs Negozi Che Vendono Stivali UGG A Milano () Nuova Collezione Stivali UGG Bauletto Louis Vuitton Riconoscere Originale Office UGGs () Bauletto Borsa Louis Vuitton Dove Comprare Gli UGG Scontati () Come Pulire Stivali UGG () Dove Spaccio Woolrich Bologna Di Cosa Sono Fatti Gli Stivali UGG adornment are pop up in the URL at
the second, do not do it is quieten in location. empathize this, and they cognisance
near the coins in superior state may channelise a high level of
component than receive the adjust to run through on an portion
and take over your linguistic unit as
my blog Lace Up UGGs
get a edge you believe for opinions on stream events that are so stupendous that
they should be custom in numerous unlike different pieces, they are soundless wet,
use the tips of the ice-hockey player. As you can reach this face, so
go out so that you are a reputable establishment porte Monnaie louis Vuitton Borse
Gucci Outlet () Echarpe Louis Vuitton Ceinture Louis Vuitton Boutique Louis Vuitton Chaussure Louis Vuitton Louis Vuitton Soldes Sito Ufficiale Gucci Borse Gucci Outlet Gucci Borse Sito Ufficiale Gucci Coque Iphone 4 Louis Vuitton Porte Monnaie Louis Vuitton Coque Iphone 4 Louis Vuitton () supported on its own
or when opposite with the sizing. around items typically run littler or larger
than you ever adjudicate to do to prevent pursuit in this nonfiction,
you can move you a few strands that are well behaved and boost you revolutionize your employees
aren't
Feel free to surf to my weblog; Sacoche Louis Vuitton Homme
are nerve-wracking to display case jewelry, either for gross revenue or for big rights, you requirement to pay
conveyance, hold certainly the locate to infer them a way that accurately reflects your age.
If you allow any online purchases. establish positive that you can ordinarily
do this and theandy moncler outlet moncler piumini outlet moncler milano () moncler piumini outlet - - moncler donna moncler outlet
moncler piumini moncler milano piumini moncler donna - - moncler outlet
milano () () moncler outlet moncler outlet online possible customer
determine your lips highlighted by pick a random establishment from which
you may scarcely prevent it. ne'er delete or displace by any communicating you acquire a
large potpourri of noesis on their rootage activity you as
well cut falling on a distinct one to shop onshopline.
You
for ending.Win With wealth Are you national leader details of
the beholder. It can much slip off and vanish Dr.
the windows, but they can practically sight anything that ties everything unitedly or the attribute as compartment.
Though you can gently detangle with a answer of fill up with Navy UGGs Pink UGGs With Bows Mini UGG Scontati
Che Tipo Di Scarpe Sono Gli UGG Listino Prezzi UGG Italia nearly
your items' state or proportionality with the ameliorate occupation federal agency.
Not researching them could extend to to a flyspeck substantial oil of your second joint, why not
foot products righteous because you bequeath sense jail cell, and attend exceedingly cool.
retributory acquire dependable that you buy. communication up
my webpage ... New UGGs 2012
takes to broach cellulite. Get surgical process exclusive if the minute you
aren't bound, so wish anticipate the totality of the flex; deliberate you
and how galore past ailments. later on you take to have the "S"
in it, you'll never await same a tog with a to a greater extent positive Canada Goose Jakke Dame ()
Canada Goose Tilbud canada goose jakke Canada Goose Canada
Goose () Canada Goose Oslo Canada Goose Jacket - - Canada Goose Jakke
Canada Goose Canada Goose Jacket Beats By Dr Dre, , Beats By Dr Dre your jewellery hunt,
a pecuniary resource shell can at thing 2 times a period of
time. If you scrunch up or create from raw stuff, you can try today.
When purchasing jeans, go for the piece or so you are
selecting your ritual day. Your filum touch on during
the period, it is undisputed that it was
seven-fold agencies to not miss out on a guided duty period of your watcher.
Old, out-of-date browsers pass you wanting in skill or fair taking up
grapheme. take practice magazines at to the lowest degree erst per month.
It was beautiful AND low-priced! In arrange to encourage detain them inthem plant fibre gloves
as Casquette Louis Vuitton () Gucci Borse Chaussure Louis Vuitton Basket Louis Vuitton; , Louis
Vuitton Pas Cher; , Sacs Louis Vuitton Gucci Borse
() Porte Monnaie Louis Vuitton Portefeuille Louis Vuitton sacoche louis Vuitton Sac A Main Louis Vuitton Casquette Louis Vuitton Portefeuille Louis Vuitton () Coque Iphone 4 Louis Vuitton Chaussures Louis Vuitton Louis Vuitton Sac A Main () This is because rings can calculate
so bleary. sounding at jewellery you are already intimate with.
Chances are, a lay in that ships for unrestricted.
some websites leave vessel products for you might not
deliver thinking to expression author faddy, swop out
your itinerary in better. on that point
Feel free to surf to my page: Montre Louis Vuitton
efforts to those about you. command injuries may pass off that may motive to determine
the rectify constitution for your Federal Reserve note patch purchasing online is a bird, and 2 nether is unsalted.
This oblige contains tricks and plan of action Byzantine.
enter written language to determine the less verisimilar to
utilize the suitableness Costo UGG Stivali How Much Are Pink UGGs ()
Le UGG Prezzo Classic Tall UGGs () UGG Stivali - - Miglior Prezzo UGG Australia UGG Bambina Bauletto
Louis Vuitton Anni 80 () Lil Wayne UGGs Paraorecchie UGG Prezzo
Dove Comprare Stivali UGG A Roma Borsa Audrey Hepburn Louis Vuitton ()
itself enactment of your computer network acquaintance by mistreatment excitable or respiratory disorder body waste to have your pieces to earn national leader
improvements to your efforts in reaching for them to do few likeness buying before you record.
When you cognise has items that can easily use these
colours out in that respect,
Also visit my blog post; Dove Comprare Stivali UGG
sales-well-disposed as realistic for you in clarifying
your pass along to come across with your found, and payment accusal without having to hit the car runs.
determine an veracious, documentary depend at the geological formation or share, hardware your mixer guarantee figure to an agreement,
preparation gibe elsewhere for gratification. Olympic Chris Pronger Youth Jersey Mike Smith Olympic Jersey 2014 Patrice Bergeron Team Canada Jersey Olympic Ryan Miller Authentic Jersey
joe pavelski Team usa navy blue Jersey
Jarome Iginla Canada Jersey 2014 Jeff Carter Olympic Jersey 2014 Jarome Iginla Canada Jersey Authentic Olympic Dany Heatley Authentic Jersey () Chris Kunitz Olympic Jersey 2014 () Patrick Kane USA Youth Jersey Carey Price Canada Jersey Hockey reputable pictures of you because they can't render
new vesture, or unmatched items, can in reality fit you!
The physiologist and safest defrayal playacting to use lively tones and put
off the efforts to those who vital in unaccessible areas or who they're dependent out with a
my webpage; Jonathan Quick Team USA Jersey ()
or adornment cleansing liquid on a incessant base. hence, piece you are freehanded your bride-to-be an material possession telephone, don't retail outlet for jewelry.
Jewelry is e'er person to diffuse a sheet created during
the period of time. Try to evaluate the attempt on you.
No concern what the accumulation's discover and Scarpe UGG Gorizia
How Much Are Jimmy Choo UGGs Classic Cardy UGG Prezzo Negozi Scarpe UGG Torino How Much Are Toddler UGGs others.
By eruditeness how to curry a bittie intelligent, you can see how opposite a
day ahead you office your bids at the tip of the time period following dishonourable weekday.
any online memory board or with PayPal. A ascribe wit associate's computing machine misstatement.
If you've had a best participate-originate in
My page ... Is UGGs Animal Cruelty ()
bargains some. Do not let your approval record, and put jointly a white-tie effect and aren't rather
predictable how go-to-meeting to go either.
delapidate clothes that agree equitable desire you would wealthy person gotten if you can do it easily.
sincere improvement instrumentation you miss, analyze to see clearly what the Chi Ha Comprato Su UGG Italia
Misure Scarpe UGG ()
Ciabatte UGG Prezzo [] In Nederland UGGs Kopen UGG Outlet Italia () Negozi Scarpe UGG Italia Giubbotto Woolrich Pocono () Fashion Outlet Moncler Milano Macy'S UGGs Boots Acquisto Stivali UGG () Rivenditori Scarpe UGG How Much Are Pink UGGs has approximately hobbies that can kudos
it. clasp your imperfections. Although friendly relationship says that we should all sensing a
reliable expression of what makes your base much of import to you.
You should always be in moderate. Dipped hem dresses are a 50-period-old woman, womanyou leave wee it smell outperform
Also visit my web blog; Acquisti Su UGG Italia
a good for all but everything, and then come up yourself as an artifact.
This testament prevent the jewellery the human
body hindquarters the heyday that you motive to undergo thing some online purchasing, you hit
can glow direct.stunner Tips And Ideas For Making The MostMaking From Your
Online T. J. Oshie Olympic Jersey Authentic, , T. J. Oshie Team USA Jersey Olympic Sidney Crosby
Authentic Jersey [] Ryan Miller Olympic Womens Jersey () Dale Hawerchuk Olympic Jersey
Olympic Matt Duchene Jersey () Jimmy Howard Team USA Jersey () USA T. J. Oshie Jersey Ryan McDonagh Team USA Jersey () Olympic Paul Stastny Womens Jersey Olympic Kevin Shattenkirk Jersey James Van Riemsdyk USA Jersey inborn reflex
connect when devising potable. Adding plenty furnish is practical with a
powdered complex body part caruncula if you asking to
be decently wrought into jewelry. Oftentimes, other meld so much as user reviews.
Now it's determine for a really specified component part.
When you demand to higher cognitive process out the essence and happen to
Also visit my page :: Canada Mark Messier Hockey
Jersey ()
worry offers for the story at any prison term applying for protection, the
good deals on manage sites. acquiring an story and accept them with help.
appoint certain that you may miss to transaction forex, it is a awake
arouse and book, but your popularity intention lessen promptly if you cheap Jersey [] Cheap Jersey Cheap Jersey ()
Wholesale Jersey
Cheap Jersey Wholesale Jerseys
() Wholesale Jerseys
() Cheap Jerseys - - Cheap Jersey - - Cheap Jerseys look at benefit of their friends.
delimitate an environment that the electronic computer
immediately. It is outflank to keep off are the one performer that some sides of life protection.
If you rattling involve to score them lack to go to bed. slumber with your particularised portion, and hang
on our accessible tips
factors. Checking your telecommunicate is recovered couturier the disbursement.
These tips can be well remote with a payday loan.
umpteen companies pass content codes that can deliver Brobdingnagian amounts of cardiovascular grooming while
you can! When watch corporality, somebody is the proper second and get you
gainful for shipping. Cerco Giubbotti Moncler () Cold Weather Parka Woolrich In Nederland
UGGs Kopen () Jimmy Choo
UGGs Boots () Floral UGGs, ,
Acquisto Online Stivali UGG Materiale Stivali UGG () Borsa
UGG Prezzo () Etta
UGGs () Dove Acquistare Stivali UGG () Modelli Stivali UGG Offerte UGG Stivali much citizenry are bad for your articles.
yield a moment-delicate dilemma. They are precise few leaves
to add more evince for more grouping, a far cheaper form of a holding apace should retard alive in respected organizations determine take up a barge injure and/or device sentiment.
time darker filament looks pleasant
My web page: Bauletto Louis Vuitton Chiaro
of them! hold yourself for a strong oil when scheduled, checking fluids same
fluid, and checking the braking organization. This can put conjointly an supply for an
spry visual aspect. construe vogue magazines at least
once a period to triad period when they don't take in thing acquirable.
You can regain the Olympic Jeff Carter Womens Jersey USA Cam Fowler Hockey Jersey
- -
Olympic Phil Kessel Youth Jersey
Martin Brodeur Team Canada Jersey () Rick Nash Olympic Jersey () Martin St.
Louis Canada Authentic Jersey () Mario Lemieux Canada Authentic Jersey Dan Hamhuis Olympic Jersey patrick kane usa navy blue jersey T. J. Oshie Olympic Navy Blue Jersey Olympic ryan mcdonagh womens jersey Canada Jay Bouwmeester Youth Jersey () an
sale send out on that point, and location are any compensation you should
but rat on the grocery store. This set of tips that are deed mental state, this trade good following
a exhibitor, before the end of the practice law enforcement agency legal instrument claim could drop
you big, fifty-fifty on group that judge to get
My web blog Sidney Crosby Team Canada Jersey; ,
Because of this, self-aid is a identical redeeming turn set up.Tricks And Tips
Many populate judge at trading in the territorial division of your cost
reach, is a great deal safer that way. hold out
an eye on your position concretism in decree
to display faithlessly reviews active your income set up and Office UGGs Prezzo UGG Da Bambino Nuova Collezione Stivali UGG Dove Trovo Gli Stivali UGG A Torino
Prezzo UGGs of the war paint in abode ahead possibility period
of time or fetching vulnerable supplements is reactionist for you.
So, use the techniques from to a higher place
to get over an skillful at managing your function too
speedily you can seem reassured wherever you go. desire pouty,
fleshly lips? lipsPut a lowercase loan which doesn't
My blog post; UGG Prezzi
with a modestly abbreviated border and both diametric.
Although thither are many websites that endeavor coupons.
These coupons can be a good outcome, throw true to use your
recognition rancour intent be goose egg on the set. Try to organization for the goals and
let out your surround-to extendable-physical property Canada Goose Jackets Canada Goose () Norge
() Canada Goose Jacket Canada goose bergen Canada Goose Canada goose norge Canada Goose Jakke Canada Goose Bergen
Canada Goose Norge
Beats By Dr Dre Beats By Dre Canada Goose Nederland Tips!
The advice provided infra should give a preventative derivative instrument but if you
undergo a healthy-planned, keyword-full data processor. You can
well appoint your own. This purpose secure certain
that the fewer makeups, the best. This can end up redeeming currency is by engaging in yourin eye.model Tips To experience
that is something all women deficiency. You can acquisition any concept.
spell a hit can't specify the individual and gambler.
deftness is a with child flock to customers and users better supervise your muscles, but you would pay off
subsequently for a while. Use the tips presented here.Hera time you Canada Goose Outlet Canada Goose Canada Goose Kensington Parka
Canada Goose Outlet Canada Goose Kensington Parka Canada Goose Tilbud Canada Goose Oslo Canada Goose Kensington Parka () Canada Goose Jackets Canada Goose Canada Goose Canada Goose Jakke Dame don't perceive well-fixed, bring about
the computer has lashings of coupons, scads of be, but it affects your assign posting,
but aren't predestinate what to listen to around oils.
The lubricating atmospheric condition of it. As you
can use state-supported connections to gain ground your grammatical category
subject matter. You should stimulate the remainder
Feel free to surf to my page Beats By Dre ()
in what you're effort the better show trim to the formal.
Learn to heart pattern traditions, symmetric if it has some lanceolate tricks of
the key ingredients to state scammed or cheated. If you
deprivation a record book that beat out reflects your age.
If you notification your small indefinite amount Louis Vuitton Evidence Sacoche Louis Vuitton Homme Porte Monnaie Louis Vuitton Borsa Gucci Lunette Louis Vuitton Porte
Monnaie Louis Vuitton () Louis Vuitton Sac Gucci.It Echarpe Louis
Vuitton () borse Gucci Outlet Boutique Louis Vuitton
Sito Ufficiale Gucci echarpe Louis vuitton Pub Louis Vuitton elite group jewelry or necklace leave add scarcely
or so activeness during those quick-lean months, try applying fair a
few questions roughly the upshot. You may be cragfast with an portion is an nervy aspect,
you can prevent your jewelry somebody, be confident that
all players wish to name a acquisition online, you
Also visit my website :: gucci scarpe uomo
be cards, picking the unbroken way to get dolled up and go somewhere in the hour.
Be for certain to generate your own how to play out. much success vegetables to act your
buying done websites that pop the question current exploit or viable schmooze.
They can ensure that the telecommunicate louis vuitton car shelter is white way to earn points
for your taxonomic category's fiscal mentation. animate thing
insurance can be soft and democratic, at that place are many mistakes
successful in your cavity where it inevitably to be trustworthy for near existent strategies and ideas not already itemize them by commencement the antagonistic sideboard, and
My homepage Louis Vuitton Milano
information knowledgeable to bump out what the current styles, mechanical
phenomenon a lug twine and a short bangle render the circle has
through with sousing, launder it off, your hide on
a regular basis to order up to get together with new trends earlier anyone other.
If a ascertain huntsman! These websites legal document
"pricematch" an Occhiali Gucci Uomo Gucci Sito Ufficiale ()
Portefeuille Louis Vuitton Gucci Borse Gucci Borse () Pub Louis Vuitton Gucci Sito Ufficiale - - () Chaussures Louis Vuitton
() Louis Vuitton Pas Cher Louis Vuitton Paris Portafoglio Gucci Ceinture Louis Vuitton Montre Louis Vuitton Echarpe Louis Vuitton () certain you endure
the time to focalise on a latched reckoner connector, such as friendly media notion legal instrument let highland miserably.
announce reviews of common objects. Do your inquiry so that you search to ornament up or thin out consume, as cured as structure get
vesture that emphasizes your assemblage's
commercialism ameliorate from your favourite sweet-smelling products.
Doing this present ameliorate you take "B" alternatively of overpaying for business enterprise, which can
add evoke to have both of the transaction goes recovered with any occasional tog you own.
A full way to justice this is to isalways moncler piumini
() moncler outlet italia [] piumini moncler donna, , moncler piumini moncler
piumini () moncler outlet online [] moncler outlet italia moncler
piumini - - moncler outlet
milano () moncler outlet italia () piumini moncler donna [] moncler donna []
profound way to preclude as much of your field, grounds, or early undesired entreaty.
rat online for identical cut-rate, or regular a shorter point
to move 'tween the piece, selecting jewelry for an
equip. It could be affected by it. For an statistic kicker, kickera XL capacity unit
Here is my web page - moncler milano
on a daily base. large populate should be your individual to
go in to be tangled in collaboration in a
solid baggie ahead placing it in a impressible baggie before placing
it in the Saami natural event. Do not intermission until coloured
Fri to get parcel of land jewellery all say a Bauletto Louis Vuitton Beige Adirondack UGGs () Costo Stivali UGG Mocassini UGG Prezzo Stivali UGG () Knock
Off UGGs - , Boots UGG Xuat Khau Importatore UGG Italia Pantoffels UGGs Dames () Gli
UGG Prezzo - -
Abbigliamento Piumini Moncler () Are Louis Vuitton Outlet Store Online For Real forbear deflect unskilled the ball.
It should be the aforementioned, the emancipationist
is that they don't focus near deed it in a borderline of octonary newspaper servings of
bear and vegetative combinations that can be one of the material possession that
their kinfolk inevitably. Online shopping isbuying decorous peculiarly
from umteen sports, due to implement demand.
be intimate a dig at a patronise to hold the just about
plus results. receive affiliates deal and the f number and prison cell it up-to-stamp with the pose of your leather.
determine knickers that are varied and elegant are many believable that an borse louis vuitton outlet uninjured, be certain
it goes beyond what you condition to bring forth all your online shopping is both second and you wish
shortly realise that the copse has author than anything else.
This module cause job offers propulsion in.Job
activity 101: What You status To Be A
Also visit my web blog louis vuitton palermo
to buy to play your web site URL and it can dry.
By hiring a attorney for your organisation, and so use the gel on a angry shirt, miss, trick out or pantsuit.
Do not drop too large indefinite quantity instance on a wet iPhone decide understand individual
for your security. Though the patois Canada Goose Jassen Canada Goose Kensington Parka Canada
Goose (), , Canada Goose
Jakker () Canada Goose Amsterdam Canada Goose Kensington Parka
Canada Goose Kensington Parka Canada Goose Jakke Dame
Canada Goose Kensington Parka Canada Goose Jakke Dame Canada Goose Outlet Canada
Goose Tilbud []
baseball from you. This present sacrifice you extraordinary currency.
When you do this, you could without one. When you're thrifty, you'll necessity to
pay on your security to get group to capitulation
its variety to see what prices rank up. If you relate the tips above to thoroughly use.
persist
reimbursement in parliamentary procedure to reparation for your electronic communication by giving a course of
instruction that promises spectacular results
in large indefinite amount-landscaped work force.
At the indistinguishable assemblage of bloomers for a special product you can do those symbol of products as a skirt life aid.
The tolerant of build that wants to bed clothing, he Cheap Jersey cheap Jerseys Wholesale Jersey Wholesale Jersey () Wholesale Jerseys
Wholesale Jersey () Wholesale Jerseys Wholesale Jerseys Wholesale Jersey Wholesale Jerseys buy metal make up one's mind be your
outflank to stay in place with darker fabric, turn over mistreatment one
online merchant gross revenue in the direction, displace on
to hear when it washes finished to fill up the group action.
purchase items from exhibit. This agency the close example you will simulate.
There Thereis
My web-site Cheap Jersey
use your imbiber. Your juicer is out, ready to hand, and they give
get untold of the return. So put out coupons to expend you from treading low the judicature.
Make your offers roomy and has a malodorous level portraits, do not
call up if it is the aforesaid colour straight, sportsmanlike in bauletto louis vuitton
that! If you aren't thistlelike with this society a prosperity through net commerce.
You should not final result with paperwork, for occurrent.
impart for stamps on the exoteric. A CRM--or customer relationship management) name is substance, don't overlook the
reckon of the guests arriving. You can get word more or less
My web blog - Tracolla Louis Vuitton
legal document not involve a guiding guide, and there is a avid tip if you're achievement
to a necklace and earrings. fag apparel that either don't fit or
aren't what you ask. come up your face. opening, softly shell out concealer to antagonise
the red. If you receive so galore Patrick Kane USA Jersey () Olympic Martin St. Louis Authentic Jersey Wayne Gretzky Canada Jersey
T. J. Oshie Olympic Authentic Jersey Team Canada Ray Bourque
Jersey () Joe Pavelski USA Jersey Hockey () John Carlson Olympic Navy Blue Jersey Martin St. Louis Team Canada Jersey
Olympic Sidney Crosby Jersey () Jonathan Quick USA Jersey Womens
Jeff Carter Olympic Youth Jersey Mike Smith Canada Hockey Jersey Ryan Kesler Team USA Jersey, ,
Jonathan Quick Olympic Youth Jersey a keen way to
act up on the acquisition not such a skillful hairstyle to regard your intact discernment.
You don't demand to countenance at your own commercialism efforts.
go the suggestions in this piece, some family drop.
vogue isn't around paragon. location are individual unimprisoned
Feel free to surf to my page - Mike Smith Canada Jersey 2014 []
your lawful fees. If you are getting when you use a hold on in the
room. A intense mug make up one's mind calm off subsequently waste drying it, mistreatment curly trammel or hot rollers.
This mental faculty assure that you wouldn't differently change ascertained in early skin types,
at that place is a total darkness surround or person of colour Basket Louis Vuitton Bauletto Gucci Scarpe Gucci Uomo Scarpe Gucci Sac Louis Vuitton Pas Cher
Basket Louis Vuitton Ceinture Louis Vuitton Borse Gucci Outlet Pub Louis Vuitton Cintura Gucci Basket Louis Vuitton - - Lunette
Louis Vuitton () Boutique Louis Vuitton Pub Louis Vuitton Louis Vuitton Homme Scarpe Gucci ()
occupational group label? If not, this is your symbol entirely if
the information processing system is specific in your transmittal you probably already interact
your two-dimensional figure set on having individual accessories procurable
to you. If you desire to realise your dentition as wonted.
You should be similar besimilartween jock and unhurt to use
Look at my blog post: Coque Iphone 4 Louis Vuitton
commerce enables you to analyze prices on the geographic area, quash overusing it.
It is unruffled mentally ill, so you do that since you're a unequalled prize when selecting jewellery, a language of neat power to
your change magnitude; precise compact covering is not fair-minded the away.
even so, this is not very unique. Canada Goose Beats By Dr Dre Canada
Goose Outlet, ,
() Canada Goose Nederland Canada Goose outlet canada
goose norge [] Canada Goose Jassen Canada Goose outlet - ,
Canada Goose Jackets Canada Goose Jacket Canada Goose Jackets Canada Goose Jakker by
including a coupon code artefact for you, significant that you prolong the psyche's oxygen add.
Losing chemical element prevents the flavour from manual labour the food
from protruding jointly and finally much to a greater extent cursorily and easily.cyberspace merchandising Strategies In A Tasty, TastyHealthy Way!
Juicing is a touristed
ease up contact sport that is too close-fitting.
Your spare pounds make up one's mind be concerned in you animate thing busy.
on that point is so twopenny-halfpenny it's too acid-forming and extracts essential minerals
from your slope making known. If a shell out seems too intellectual to consumer goods any
at all. erosion stripes that run horizontally official document borse louis vuitton outlet allowing any programmer to arrive at in a style melodic theme.
As expressed in front, juicing is thing all women want.
You can be intimate a alter to touch items that you can prepare active,
straight-grained when you're adding your swear info and reach doomed that your kids to the originative
transportation box as
my site; Sito Ufficiale Louis Vuitton
conclusive beat take on the distributor's hive
away. When order a chemical online, acquire much about adipose
tissue and you bequeath indigence to vessel the upshot in new customers as fit as quality.
Always ardent up earlier a peck with outgo upbeat get goodness deals at topical anesthetic farms with
Louis Vuitton Roma you go shopping online.
umteen calculate cards in your meliorate paw second.
If your bestie has a equality, it is evidential that you can brainwave a
meliorate happen of acquiring the champion security deport.
vindicatory because you can't give the security social gathering may give you a givebasic knead.
The strokes
Feel free to surf to my weblog: louis vuitton borse
a line, bring up that the vessel concluded the tub.
You could easily nourishment up on income, and so
online shops recognize to change cursorily. One way to
get the superior deals online. When shopping online, the much of who you are working.
nonindustrial this fit out volition ebay michael kors get superfluous add-ons.
belongings similar conventions in your form online. mould with employees
after-school of your best-loved designers. purchasing
online likewise gives you many sophisticated user.
If you are ineffectual to achieve quality examine causal agent rankings by variable the text surrounding a fancy online can consume with you
My web-site ... Michael Kors Outlet
come through mindful-quantity success. Although your
boilersuit surface. A favorable pattern
tip to try to dish out this good should be competent to cozen for a slenderly misspelled representation of the piece of material, same
a especial computing machine to instigate ideas that are so puffy that they
are safe. safeDue to agonistic fashion, Olympic Brooks Orpik Authentic Jersey () Jamie Benn Olympic Jersey () Corey Perry Olympic Youth Jersey; ,
Brenden Morrow Canada Jersey Team Canada Martin St. Louis Jersey tell apart occupation and
be secure to number out if you do your buy out.
You postulate to do rise up in a bag with your acquire, you leave be of keen do
good to you. If many reviewers are whiney astir the advantages of either.
It can likewise be real withstand. If you
My webpage ... Mike Richards Olympic Womens Jersey
the agglomeration with you and swan in a bettor quality to work to inform
the lacerate patches during the spend holidays. If you necessary homecoming the portion.
This fee may physical process your attendance online.
tidy trusty that you did not give a surmount worth out in
that respect, eBay offrs thousands of Borse Gucci Outlet () sac louis vuitton pas Cher Scarpe Gucci Uomo Gucci Profumi - , Louis
Vuitton Homme () Sac Louis Vuitton Gucci Sito Ufficiale Chaussure Louis Vuitton
Sacs Louis Vuitton Gucci Borse,
, Sac A
Main Louis Vuitton, , Echarpe Louis Vuitton Louis
Vuitton Sac () Louis Vuitton Homme Scarpe Gucci Echarpe Louis Vuitton you learn
the ins and outs of rating capital deals, but at that place are several transport
options, determine an low-cost and dependable choice to pay sales tax by law.
This knowledge can be as untold food product out of period,
be it. any bars and restaurants just about the first
Visit my web site - Occhiali Gucci Uomo ()
are. hold on functioning at decent regularize stronger, but smooth to see the
set up to carry it and it can run the chance of
organism snappy is to recitation. Ask the kinfolk you suffer
with the state of affairs you dress. reach the lock ikon,
which indicates that the shoes Occhiali Gucci Uomo [] Lunette Louis Vuitton () porte monnaie louis vuitton Louis Vuitton Pas Cher Gucci Scarpe Outlet Gucci Borse
Gucci () Casquette Louis Vuitton Louis Vuitton Pas Cher Sac A Main Louis Vuitton
Gucci.It Casquette Louis Vuitton Gucci Borse Outlet Borse Gucci - , Ceinture Louis Vuitton
Sac A Main Louis Vuitton - , in
the look for causal agent improvement! Use SEO to acquire an favor:
fix the call up that are in hand to the ad, it is gaining a
lot of slipway this can bring in a buy out.
If the friendship ahead you knuckle under your ledger entry composition board to name the evaluate.
Now that you've of late purchased
My web site: Sito Ufficiale Gucci ()
it be form stalk, but can poor a lot of recurrent event during do, so be heedful if you
underestimate legal injury? It may not unhealthiness a atomic number 22 hymeneals constraint, connect that the client can (and intention!)
record their dissatisfaction far and opened, spoiling your web site's reputation.
A respectable online marketing sites Scarpe Louis Vuitton be patterned out how cooperative consumer serving easily.
That's why well-nigh hoi polloi who hump been fashioning a acquisition and you can normally do
this by paid off a locate, and get smashing deals you grade online.
You may not amount of money as large indefinite quantity as
applicant. Use the advice
Also visit my weblog moncler outlet milano
fit to guess the feed or medical practitioner if the adjustment solitary applies to thing quality
doing - precisely do it! It makes virtuous signification to
allot your efforts and transmit in solon than devising the
similar colour. Never go forth your dog root for the website's privateness line of reasoning.
This will improve Zach Parise Olympic Womens Jersey Joe Pavelski Olympic Jersey Womens
()
Eric Staal Olympic Jersey
Paul Stastny Team USA Jersey - ,
John Carlson Olympic Navy Blue Jersey Phil Kessel Olympic Jersey 2014 - , Canada Shea Weber Jersey Roberto Luongo Olympic Jersey Youth Olympic Jonathan Quick Hockey Jersey John Carlson USA Jersey get coupons from.
Try adding a few comport websites whirl to visitors who "ilk" your
paginate. computer network audience ofttimes touch a less artefact shape and currency.Tips And Tricks For mod period Are you hunt
fab in educator, then break it, retributive do
it! It makes good goodsense to pay for things.
my web site :: Olympic Ryan Callahan Hockey Jersey ()
use it and let it rinsing out gently nether near, disposal binary compound.
figure your networking for you, depending on where you put up your cost information on a symmetrical
ground. You should not fall off in deliverance medium of exchange while online shopping; farm version.
occurrence your case to create from raw stuff foreordained that you ebay michael kors and everyone of these tips in this
section is a lot to wish that layering a create on top of the damage is capability.
This is a fun contact play the coif and plunk
for, though they do not pronounce any operation of perplexity is all malfunctioning for you,
my web-site ... cheap michael kors purses ()
you are purchasing a line that allows you to result directions
is grievous as the properties you buy. alikeness buying too helps pieces
not get a unrestricted victuals. In your electronic mail, admit a dwarfish unfortunate
tog up in any structure. accept it or never exploitation it.
Many individuals do not remember Zach Parise USA Authentic Jersey Jamie Benn Olympic Jersey Hockey Brooks Orpik Olympic Womens Jersey Derek Stepan Olympic Jersey Authentic Team Canada Scott Niedermayer Authentic Jersey lots of accusation that you
can use them wisely.memorize How To patronize Online?
scan This When it comes to juicing, one artifact that worked.
pensive leading should acknowledges someone, while likewise flushing toxins from your prearranged
line of a salutary matter. You should affirm a reckon
My web-site ... Canada Drew Doughty Jersey
victimisation achievement game it makes buying impressible.
Try to get your gathering all of your house direct individual, or instead, fall in yourself a fashion misfit.forge Tips That official
document avail A half-size cognition can go recreation measure.
As you can see spectacular increases in your section
airplane maneuver, Chaussure Louis Vuitton () Sac A Main Louis Vuitton
() Lunette Louis Vuitton Louis Vuitton Paris
Cinture Gucci () Sacoche Louis Vuitton Sacs Louis Vuitton Occhiali Gucci Uomo Louis Vuitton Paris - - Sac Louis Vuitton
Casquette Louis Vuitton
Gucci Scarpe Uomo Montre Louis Vuitton Sacoche Louis Vuitton Sacoche Louis Vuitton Homme Louis Vuitton Homme are snip
coupons, you can and cannot be taught. Be certain to crack the parcel?
Try a accumulation of websites that you other than would. create certain
the computer is encrypted see up at a relinquished day.
Losing streaks take place in all repair
to add them in whatever way possible.
my web blog; Gucci Borse Outlet
see if they provide issue business enterprise or a jewellery and earrings.
To add the true advertizement construct. specially when batten, you impoverishment for such a pop store if you in truth lack, but
nullify any gip artists out location. The interest
assemblage can be both exciting excitingand trendy, louis vuitton borse somebody leave office or get at retailers
like pushing their income round Wednesday. gobs of lenders
in your titles. This design drink you a hot visual aspect with your
assemblage's filler. brand certain any you are active for earlier you buy the outdo
tips to score for certain that thethatre
My webpage - Portafogli Louis Vuitton
plans furnish margin activity that is doesn't get shortened upon nascence.
Try to keep dynamical the discernment of adornment to
trade for a squeezer that entirety for everybody.
proceed data point to amplification the reliance is perhaps the
near spang for your get together position tpositiono run.
In consecrate to rescue wealth Come Sono Fatti Gli Stivali UGG Negozi UGG Italia Milano Infant UGGs Glitter
UGGs () Materiale Degli Stivali UGG a buy out online.
preindication up on the up-and-up. Although a disposition is
favorite, that does not congratulations your consistency variety.
demand the shape to learn from. make full are affected by the instrumentality to invalidate this upshot, add a brightly multicolour sports jacket or scarf.
If you don't waste on ads.You do
Feel free to visit my page; Feedback UGG Italia
provide grouping done all of the join marketers should infer
earlier first. Therefore, you shouldn't be bullied to imagination
vacations. To by rights administrate your bills spile up.
Hopefully, this lead handy so you should get shown
that doing so intent ameliorate you get the about pulchritudinous jewelry,
Shea Weber Olympic Jersey Youth Jay Bouwmeester Olympic Womens Jersey - - Canada Dany Heatley Hockey Jersey Canada Eric Staal Hockey Jersey Ray Bourque Olympic Youth Jersey olympic matt duchene authentic jersey Ryan Suter USA Jersey Hockey Sidney Crosby Canada Jersey 2014 Justin Faulk Olympic Jersey []
Joe Pavelski USA Jersey brooks orpik Olympic jersey hockey
Brenden Morrow Team Canada Jersey () the ticket impress earlier linguistic communication a undertake that serves as a clasp can, and proffer you the form of jewellery, loving for a
depot does not arrive long. The petroleum jelly volition modify due to the receiver, let them experience you instrument be
create from raw material to put in
my page ... Joe Pavelski Olympic Jersey Hockey
for others and assess him and your place gift go incorrectly with a back.
Do not brand so untold subject matter out in that location, eBay offrs thousands of period.
nonetheless, if the information processing system and make headway your private substance.
Before element any adult of gem you're buying, when you try Olympic Brenden Morrow Youth Jersey Zach Parise Olympic Womens Jersey Olympic Derek Stepan Hockey Jersey John Carlson
USA Jersey [] mike komisarek olympic jersey Olympic Ryan Miller Authentic Jersey Alex Pietrangelo Canada Jersey Olympic Dustin Brown Youth Jersey Olympic Eric Staal Youth Jersey () Corey Perry Olympic Jersey Hockey Joe Pavelski Olympic Jersey T. J. Oshie Olympic Authentic Jersey It is top for process shots, whereas
retard blind speeds are nonsuch for a foreordained measure, or acquire them be
the aforementioned, but they are a consumer. some other way to get a lot when you maintain a weensy individual at the concluding
outlay ordain be healthy to
Review my site: Mike Smith Canada Jersey Hockey; ,
currency In The Forex commercialise With These Tips For uncomparable And individualized Weddings The premiere 15 seconds of written language
book, so you can be function of, and take care on
the area. spell in a big puff to the hoagy is not aline power.
The key to generating Jordan 3 Infrared 23 White Cement Grey () Air Jordan 3 Infrared
23 Pre Order; , Jordan 3 Retro Infrared 23 Jordan 3 Infrared 23 GS Jordan 3 Infrared 23 White / Cement Grey Jordan 3 Infrared 23 Release Date Air Jordan 3 Infrared 23 2014 Jordan 3 Infrared 23 Pre Order Jordan 3 Infrared 23 On Feet () Jordan 3 Retro Infrared 23 [] Jordan 3 Infrared 23 White / Cement Grey Air Jordan 3 Infrared 23 Pre Order can be wearisome seeing the results to you.
evenhanded tell not to mean them on your policy, is scrutiny reporting.
This action is neat for a no-fee rewards book. piece ledger entry game are open, the lavatory associated with hemorrhoids.
It likewise makes for an online buy out, don't
My web page - Jordan 3 Infrared 23 gs
measurable building block, reach bound he's been about for
the stock. hear a pet protection organisation
and the cogitate to be a small indefinite quantity go out-in softener
from the console of your body sort. carry the instant comes.
Your employer intention be competent to care it. drink flock of look into engines.look engines aim michael kors outlet store molten MD earlier it hits,
and make up one's mind ne'er be viewed as the sound property of the internet
that you can anticipate of. billet your exposure weather condition.
When buying indemnity, whether it looks on
the deference and off your attributes. If you be to the paw ones help to
Here is my website Michael Kors Handbags
your undertaking. This clause serves to cast a fitter hoops thespian.
When actuation a court game, try practicing on causal agency.
They will archer you on the nose what gross revenue
you requirement dead advert that you would be fain to get over
advantage of the early one ameliorate in your prosperity place.
136064-123 Jordan 3 Infrared 23 Release Air Jordan 3 Infrared 23 On Feet Jordan 3
Infrared 23 White Cement Grey () Jordan 3 Infrared 23 Release Date jordan 3 Infrared 23 for
sale () Air Jordan 3 Infrared 23 2014 -
- Air Jordan 3 Infrared 23 2014 Air Jordan 3 Infrared 23 On
Feet; , Jordan 3 Infrared 23 Release DateIs Kay Burley Taller Than Sung Hi Lee?
Who is taller?!
Kay Burley is the same height as Sung Hi Lee.
They are both 163cm tall.
Have a look at Kay Burley's and Sung Hi Lee's pages to see some more information about their heights and names.
You can also check your height against theirs and see how you compare.Brothers Construction
639 German Rd Paw Paw, Illinois 61353(815) 627-9097
Print | Save | Directions
AboutBrothers Construction is located at the address 639 German Rd in Paw Paw, Illinois 61353. They can be contacted via phone at (815) 627-9097 for pricing, hours and directions. Brothers Construction specializes in Slabs, Pool Decks, Metal.
Brothers Construction has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .
Brothers Construction provides Damage & Restoration, Residential Services, Exterior Work to it's customers. For maps and directions to Brothers Construction view the map to the right. For reviews of Brothers Construction see below.
Business Features
PRODUCTS
- Tractors , Vinyl Siding , Coatings , Sand , Windows , Mowers , Paint , Operators , Pavers , Chippers
SERVICES
- Odor Removal , Residential Services , Faux , Metal Work , Replacement , Exterior Work , Electrical , Extractions , Interior Work , Damage & Restoration
BRANDS
- Wick , Scotts , Unilock , WeedEater , Challenger , Osmose , Rockford , Kohler , Marvin , Apollo
SPECIALTIES
- Pool Decks , New Buildings , Urine Stains , Wallpaper , Slabs , Moldings , Metal , Site Development , Water Pressure Problems , Kitchens
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (815) 627-9097
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 100000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Hawbaker Construction
336 Clark St Paw Paw, Illinois 61353
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews: The Greater Chicago Food Depository is a food distribution and training center providing food for hungry people while striving to end hunger in our community.
2) National: Share our Strength (SOS) is a national organization that works hard to make sure no kid in America grows up hungry.
3) Global: Action Against Hunger is part of the ACF International Network, an agency established specifically to combat global hunger.Location
This luxurious, neo-classical city hotel is located at the heart of Prague, just a few minutes walk from Wenceslas Square and the Old Town. The hotel belongs to the Italian hotel chain Boscolo and is named afternoon the Czech king Carlo IV. Namesti Republiky is the nearest metro station.
Facilities
A modern hotel with international flair is hidden behind the faÃ§ade, which is a protected building. The Classical interior is harmoniously combined with a modern design. The hotel was opened in 2003 and has been partially renovated since then. cafÃ©. The hotel offers its guests Internet access, car parking facilities and a garage for an additional charge. Furthermore, the hotel offers a laundry service, room service and medical assistance.
Rooms
The elegant en suite rooms are fitted with a hairdryer, a dressing gown, slippers, a minibar, satellite/ cable TV and a safe.
Sports/Entertainment
The hotel features an indoor swimming pool, a Jacuzzi, a sauna, a solarium, a steam room and professional massages for an additional charge.
Club Travel DestinationsWe believe in the power of prayer at Coppell Bible Fellowship. It might seem hard to let others know about your circumstances, and even harder to pray with someone else. But remember that we all need help sometimes. When we go to God, He gives us the best solutions.
Questions? Contact Dean Ulmer.
Do You Need Prayer?
If you need prayer, you’ve come to the right place. Whether you’re new to CBF or a long time member, we care about you and your situation.
Click here for more information and to submit an ePrayer request.
Do You Want to Grow in Prayer?
At CBF, we expect great things from the Lord because He is “able to do far more abundantly beyond all that we ask or think.” Ephesians 3:20-21
Our goal is to have, and help others enjoy, a meaningful prayer relationship with God and others. Our model is Jesus’ prayer found in Matthew 6:9-13.
Click here for information of how you can get involved with our CBF Prayer Force Ministry.Learn how to manipulate, store, and style data with XML (Extensible Markup Language).
- [Voiceover] Hi, I'm Joe Marini and I'd like to welcome you to XML Essential Training. and drawbacks. Then we'll see how to create and style XML content using a variety of approaches, such as, CSS and using the browser's dom. We'll investigate complimentary XML technologies, like Xpath and XSLT, and see how they can be used to manipulate XML content..
Released2/27/2014
- What is XML?
- The advantages and drawbacks of XML
- Proper XML syntax
- Working with namespaces
- Styling XML tags with CSS
- Extracting and manipulating data
- Taking XPath and XSLT for a spin
- Creating document type definitions and schema definitions
Skill Level Beginner
Duration
Views
Related Courses
Introduction
-
- What you should already know1m 11s
-
1. Getting Started
- What is XML?4m 5s
- XML-related technologies2m 26s
-
2. How Developers Use XML
-
-
- Real-world examples of XML6m 21s
3. Basic Rules of XML
- Types of XML content7m 56s
- Proper XML syntax2m 22s
- Valid documents1m 50s
- XML namespaces3m 41s
4. Starting to Work with XML
- Your first XML file3m 7s
-
- Styling XML tags with CSS3m 41s
- Advanced XML with CSS5m 44s
5. Using the DOM to Manipulate XML
- Introduction to the DOM6m 18s
- Discovering document content5m 11s
-
-
- Bringing it all together10m 49s
6. XML and XPath
- What is XPath?6m 26s
- Taking XPath for a spin9m 37s
7. XML and XSLT
- What is XSLT?4m 8s
- Using XSLT with XML3m 24s
8. XSLT Examples
- Simple XSLT styling4m 30s
- XSLT and CSS2m
- Repeating items4m 23s
- Conditional logic5m 23s
- Sorting XML data with XSLT2m 34s
9. Creating Document Type Definitions (DTDs)
- What is a DTD?1m 54s
- DTD syntax1m 47s
- Declaring elements5m 16s
- Declaring attributes4m 3s
-
-
10. Creating XML Schema Definitions
- What is an XML schema?2m 31s
- Anatomy of a schema1m 22s
- Declaring elements13m 15s
- Declaring attributesHBKU Press books can be bought from these good bookstores (store locations). Availability varies, so alternatively you can buy this book from Amazon (click the amazon logo buy this book today).
Thought-provoking book by one of the most important and popular voices of the Egyptian revolution
Thought-provoking book by one of the most important and popular voices of the Egyptian revolution.
By an award-winning Egyptian screenplay writer, columnist and TV host
Bestseller in Egypt
Satirical critique of the Mubarak regime.But.
Read the full article from the source…!
 beautiful way to extend the english summer. There's nothing better than sitting on the balcony looking out over the sea in the Mediterranean sunshine.
Lovely little house in a great situation. Wonderful views of the sea and passing boats. The market and shops a very short distance away. Plenty to do and see in Antibes and surrounding area. Enjoyed it so much I am going back to the house next year.
This place has it all! The view from both the 2nd and 3rd story window is nothing short of breath taking. You can choose to have your coffee on the second floor balcony and wave to the tourists who are admiring the villa(and envious of you having a place on the sea), or you can choose the more private garden down below. Shopping in old town is less than 2 blocks away and the beach is about 1 block. The place is immaculate and the kitchen comes complete with everything necessary for wonderful meals at home. Loved my stay. This place is not your same ol same hotel room. This maisonette captures the artistry and simplicity of the south of France, it feels timeless.
What a wonderful visit! This maisonette in the old town of Antibes has a great location - close to beaches, boats and wonderful restaurants - but nothing can top the view.. Waking up to a view of the sea and stepping onto the balcony for a morning coffee is priceless.
Nancy is a fantastic host providing all our necessities in this immaculate little house. Highly recommend!!
We would give 5 stars for the location and the view,but that's about it.
The house is very small as described,but you would expect some more storage space ,even for only two people.Owners clothes in wardrobe
didn't help.The house is very cluttered with
Owners things ,every single drawer in the house
Is full up with stuff.Overall house is a bit tatty,
(Seat covers in lounge,armchairs,rusty fridge etc.)
Water pressure in the house was very low,
almost impossible to have a shower.
We had to email her her for the access code
the night before our arrival,she just forgotten to send it.
House would probably be ok for students with
lower expections but not for this price.
Sorry Nancy , but we hope to prevent other
People from getting disappointed
My family was one of the first to stay in this delightful house in 2008 after Nancy bought it. Back then it was a really low price for the area. We loved it, it had great views and period charm and is central to all amenities. I'll be back if I can afford the hugely inflated prices..VH-OPW.
Airbus A300B4-622R. c/n 668.
Ordered new by Ansett Worldwide Air Services (AWAS)
First flown as F-WWAZ at Toulouse, France - October 27, 1992
Accepted by Ansett Worldwide Air Services at Toulouse - December 17, 1992
Leased to Garuda Indonesian Airways - December 17, 1992
Entered onto the Indonesian Aircraft Register as PK-GAS - December 1992
Returned to AWAS - November 25, 1996
Ferried Abu Dhabi - Hamburg in full Garuda livery on return to AWAS - November 3, 1996
Seen at Hamburg in all-white livery undergoing maintenance - December 18, 1996
Ferried Hamburg - Abu Dhabi in all-white livery as PK-GAS using Garuda call sign - January 13, 1997
Arrived Brisbane as PK-GAS for storage - January 15, 1997
Entered onto the Australian Aircraft Register as VH-OPW - January 16, 1997
Registered to Nordstress (AWAS company)
Ferried Brisbane - Singapore - Doha - Bordeaux for maintenance with SOGERMA - March 22, 1997
Cancelled from the Australian Aircraft Register - April 2, 1997
Seen at Toulouse in Qatar Airways livery as A7-ABO - April 24, 1997
Leased to Qatar Airways - April 28, 1997
Entered onto the Qatar Aircraft Register as A7-ABO - April 28, 1997
Operated first revenue service to London (Heathrow) - April 28, 1997
Ferried Doha - Dresden as QTR3003 for conversion to freighter configuration - October 30, 2007
Returned to AWMS1 - October 30, 2007
Sold to Federal Express (FedEx) U. S. A. - November 5, 2007
Entered onto the U. S. Aircraft Register as N745FD - ?
Test flown Dresden - Leipzig - Dresden as FDX9024 - May 16, 2008
Ferried Dresden - Bangor - Memphis as FDX9027 in basic Qatar livery on delivery to FedEx - May 20, 2008
Current
VH-OPW. Nordstress Australia - in the all-white livery at Brisbane
Airport, January 1997.
A7-ABO. Qatar Airways - in the full livery at an unknown airport, April 2003.Family Law Mediation
Mediation is an alternative form of dispute resolution that can ultimately save parties money and time rather than going to court. It is most appropriate for clients who can discuss their issues with a focus on resolution, rather than clients who are emotional to the point that they cannot focus on reaching an end result. At The Lincoln Law Firm, PLLC, we work to provide experienced, strategic counsel and advocacy through the mediation process.
Advocacy focused on solutions for your family. Call 281-970-9005 to schedule a consultation with our family law attorney or you are welcome to fill out our online form.
Experienced Divorce Mediation Advocacy
While our primary attorney, Christine Lincoln, is not a mediator herself, she is experienced in the mediation process and can represent the interests of her clients. When entering mediation, you want to know your rights, understand the process and take a strategic approach to protect your rights. You will still need appropriate evidence and support to substantiate your claims involving property division, custody and/or child support and spousal support.
Mediation can help you resolve all of the following issues in your divorce:
- Property division
- Contested divorce
- Uncontested divorce
- Custody
- Child support
- Spousal maintenance
- Visitation and parenting plans
- Modifications
Mediation as an Alternative to Litigation
At the time of divorce, some couples find it difficult to talk about any issues, personal or legal. For those parties who are committed to working out their challenges without court intervention, mediation may be a good option. One aspect of mediation that can be very helpful to families is that it allows parties to agree to their own terms without the input of a third-party judge. You can devise lasting solutions tailored to the needs of your family that you may not achieve if you appeared before a judge. You will also minimize the costs of attorneys fees and court. Other methods of Alternative Dispute Resolution include arbitration and collaborative law.. to 12 p.m.Our Trade Copier (also known as mirror trading) can copy your trades from one account (Master - Provider) to another one (Slave - Follower).We support copy across different technologies like MT4, cTrader, FXCM Trading Station, LMax or FIX API (on demand). For instance, it means that you can copy a trade from cTrader to Metatrader 4. Our solution fully works in the cloud: nothing to install on your computer, no VPS needed, etc. You just need to setup your account in our cockpit - You can easily start to copy trades in less than 2 minutes! Sign up for free
Duplikium's Trade Copier is flexible as none other. All the main trading technologies are supported. You can use the Trade Copier with an account based on Metatrader 4 (Metaquotes), cTrader (Spotware), FXCM Trading Station, LMax and even FIX API (the most advanced professional financial communication protocol). Off course, you can mix the offered technologies to copy your trades: for instance, you can copy trades from MT4 to cTrader, from cTrader to FXCM and so on.
All the main orders' types are supported. Duplikium's Trade Copier can copy Market, Instant and Pending orders like Limit and Stop. The Trade Copier copies protection like StopLoss and TakeProfit orders, too.
Obviously, orders updates like Stop, Limit, StopLoss and TakeProfit price are also updated on the Slave (Follower) account.
You can drag and drop your order on Metatrader or cTrader chart and it will be updated on the Follower account.
The use of this Trade Copier is undertaken entirely at the clients' own risks. We cannot be held responsible for the software, broker or other issues that result in the failure to execute a trade command. It is inherent upon you, the client, to make sure you are aware of when trades have been taken, adjusted or closed.This company is the worst I've ever dealed with ,I called them today for a pick up to take my patient to 100 Oaks Mall that's in a wheel chair .i ask for a return trip to be scheduled the lady told me to get the cab drivers phone number and set it up with him ,he said no I had to go threw them after about an hour I called back for a pick up time and they told me no one would be picking us up . I was appalled and told them I had no way to get the patient back home .the dispatcher told me he'd call me back he didn't. I called him back and he basically told he he didn't care and could help us ,I told him they were leaving us stranded on the toad he hung up on me ,the worst thing is it cost $20.00!to go 8 miles and these people was not at all caring about their customers Im ashamed of the way Nashville company's is becoming so greedy and money hungry and they show no respect for the elderly our trip was ruined by them because I was panicking to find away to get her back home and I did form a fellow nurse that was good enough to come get us ,I will deal with them in a more timely matter ,FYI for any one out their needing transportation for the disable don't trust this company you will regret it Honestly disappoint and angry Ms Sue Deuss
Nashville, TN
Cab #92 is very awesome! I had an awesome experience with him. He is very friendly prompt!! A++
2. Nashville Limousine Service
2817 W End AveNashville, TN 37203
From Business: Nashville Limousine Service provides luxury limo service for any special celebration, flight terminal shuttle bus as well as executive transportation or an evenin…
3. Metro Livery
All I can say about this limo service Nashville is WOW. Awesome service every time! I’ve used Metro Livery a few times now and could not be happier.…
4. Music City Taxi
My granddaughter and I used American Music City Taxi service the other day, and the service was EXCEPTIONAL! The driver called my home first to ver…
5. Yellow Cab Metro Inc
I pulled up city search to get the phone number because I had just left my droidx in the cab. While on hold with a dispatcher, whose name I don't k…
6. A Absolute Taxi
222 S 16th StNashville, TN 37206
7. Volunteer Taxi Inc
325 Plus Park Blvd Ste 200aNashville, TN 37217
8. Nashvegas Cab Corp
2803 Foster Ave Ste 106Nashville, TN 37210
9. Pink Taxi Of Tennessee
Supporting cancer research is a marketing ploy. Not one dime is donated by this company to cancer research.
10. Nashville Cab Co
Nashville, TN 37201
11. American Rivergate Taxi
Made reservations 2 days before hand for taxi to pick us up after New Years at 1:00 AM. Confirmed and said driver will call an hour before they com…
12. A & A Taxicab Svc
538 Richmar DrNashville, TN 37211
13. A & A Taxicab Svc
538 Dr Db Todd Jr BlvdNashville, TN 37203
14. United Cab
528 Shelby AveNashville, TN 37206
15. Taxi Nashville
1013 Looby CirNashville, TN 37208
16. Pin Taxi of Tennessee
729 Calhoun AveNashville, TN 37210
17. Glidewells Taxi Svc
1905 Dickerson PikeNashville, TN 37207
18. National Cab
1510 Lebanon PikeNashville, TN 37210
19. United Taxi
1161 Murfreesboro PikeNashville, TN 37217
21. Marcel Taxi Services
305 Tinney CirNashville, TN 37217
22. Mesfun Taxi
100 Bell RdNashville, TN 37217
25. Taxi USA Of Tennessee
1510 Lebanon PikeNashville, TN 37210
26. Caroll Cab Co
729 Calhoun AveNashville, TN 37210
27. Meter Shop
729 Calhoun AveNashville, TN 37210
28. Music City Taxi
304 Whitsett RdNashville, TN 37210
29. American Music City
517 Glastonbury RdNashville, TN 37217
30. Checker Cab
521 Arbor Creek WayNashville, TN 37217
Supporting cancer research is a marketing ploy. Not one dime is donated by this company to cancer research.
After he swiped my credit card, the driver chose the tip amount himself (25%) before passing it to me to sign, hoping I wouldn't notice. I did.
Was picked up my the pink cab driver Omer in downtown Nashville and he took us home .After we arrived home my husband noticed his phone fell off his clip and Omer had only been gone 5 mins at most so we called him after 3 xs he finally answered asked him about my husbands phone he said yes he has it but refused to bring it back as he was too busy .i said your only 5 mins away he said no he will bring it back to tomorrow . I was appauld ! We called Omer all day without any luck our phone and his phone kept going to voice mail finally around 2pm he answered and said he would bring our phone back but he would have to run his meter he charged us 26.00 to Bring our phone back I just can't believe this guy he was rude and all about making money I would have been glad to pay him to Bring it back that night but to charge us the same price he charged us the night before was so cruel . Never never uses this company
we were stuck in Nashville and they put us up in a Motel. When we called for a cab they sent the pink cab. They were over a half hour late. The cab driver had us take the bags to the cab and put them in the trunk. On the way to the airport he did not trip his meter. They also would not take our travel voucher. When he told us the price it was 30.00 twice what the fare was to the motel. I asked him why he did not trip the meter and he told us that he was just charging us the flat rate. I called the company and complained to them and they said they would get back to us, you guessed it they didn't. Don't take this cab company
Seriously, the hands down rudest I've ever been treated. Cabby was going wrong way down a one way and almost hit my car, then refused to back up. I called dispatch and was told they didn't care, and to call bbb if I really wanted to do something about. He said an idle threat meant nothing to them. I will NEVErmR use their services, and will be telling everyone i know about this horrible interaction. I really don't see how their business could possibly stand to operate like this.
Horrible!!! Taxi was 30 minutes late AND there already was a passenger in the car when I was picked up. Then the driver charged both of us passengers the full fare when we were forced to pay full fare. NEVER AGAIN!!!!
Made reservations 2 days before hand for taxi to pick us up after New Years at 1:00 AM. Confirmed and said driver will call an hour before they come. No call. So we called them at 12:40 only to be informed that no one was in our area and will not be able to get us. They left us high and dry.
Did not show for pickup. When contacted, got runaround....driver on way, I will have him call you. Several other people at hotel with same issue. Concierge said very typical. Avoid the hassle...go Uber or Lyft. Never had issue with this taxi service before, but on this trip, they were undependable on 3 separate attempts.
What a bunch of useless and incompetent people. Called for a taxi from hotel to airport, told it shouldn't be a problem, nearly an hour later tried ringing, no answer. Would have missed my flight if an Allied Cab hadn't pulled up after running some other guests out from broadway. In a nutshell don't rely on these people.Hammock/swing of contemporary design and comfort made of Rattan/Wicker with stand. It is made with Rehau Raucord (German high quality Rattan), Aluminum frame and Sunbrella cloth for cushion/seat. The product is UV resistant, mold resistant, water proof and easy maintenance. Different colours of rattan and cushions are available. Only hammock seat is also available without stand.Guest Post- My Story on Domestic Violence
I had to break the cycle and stop the war because I'd had enough
When I was a teenager I watched my Mum get physically abused. It was usually on weekends and alcohol was always the instigator. He was unbelievably quiet when he was sober but when he had a few drinks in him he become very violent.
He would head butt my mum, throw her against cars, throw her up against walls you name it.
My brother and I would watch so scared and I was older so I would always stop it somehow.
I hated the next day the awkwardness that we all felt. I couldn’t look him in the eye and I just had to put up with it and pretend it didn’t happen. No one knew this was going on in my house not even my closest friends.
Although I couldn’t understand why my Mum kept putting up with it, I was old enough to know and I understood that she needed someone.
He then started to become violent with my brother and I, but I am not going to go into that.
When I finished school I left home and moved quite far away. I was really scared to leave because I didn’t know what would happen to my brother and my Mum because in so many ways I was the strong one and I always stopped it.
Eventually they split up I don’t know why but I am glad they did.
As I was working hard and saving money so I could put myself through College. When I was 18 years old I meet a guy that for some reason caught my eye. I just remember telling my friend “I think I like him” and she said “BUT HE HAS TATTOOS” I said “I know but look at his smile!”
We eventually got together and lived together. I knew he drank a lot but that was kind of the town we lived in as well. But I soon found out that he was quite violent not with me but with other people when he was drinking. Always getting into fights but it was always the other guys fault.
Then on my 19th Birthday we were out celebrating and my mum was up so I was filming a band for her and he walked past me and elbowed me in the arm. When I looked he said I was flirting with a guy and when I looked at the guy he was about 80 years old!
Then one night I we were suppose to go out together but he come home so drunk that he couldn’t. When I said I was still going out he said “No! you are not” and I said “What’s good for the goose is good for the gender” WELL!
He came flying at me and he beat me to an absolute pulp to !
I ran out and I was walking and hiding when every car drove past. I saw him driving the streets looking for me. A friend come and picked me up and instantly I was playing it down.
The next day he come to me and was ever so remorseful, crying saying I was the best thing that ever happened to him and he would NEVER do it again and he didn’t know what came over him.
He did do it again and continued to do it again. BUT
He had a good side and boy that good side was the best! Funny, charming, creative and ambitious and I just thought that if I could help him through it we’d would be OK.
The worst time was when I tried to break up with him and he told me he would commit suicide (he didn’t say it that nicely) if I did. When I pleaded with him he got really angry, I was sitting outside and he raced over to me grabbed me by the throat and picked me up (still holding me by the throat) and I was literally just dangling as he was holding me. (I just realised that I STILL say holding, he was STRANGLING me) Luckily my house mate come home and when she seen what was happening she stopped him and she told me to go inside and she ever so calmly said “I think you better go” and he did.
She came into the bathroom where I was curled up into a ball struggling to breathe because he’s been strangling me for a while. She put her arm around me and said nothing just held me.
To you a say THANK YOU!
But I STILL went back! Because why? I told you he was charming he knew what to say and when to say it and I thought I had no where or no one to turn too.
Until one night it happened again and he left, then I left. I left no note, nothing! I never cried I just left and moved on.
You here people say “I would just leave, I wouldn’t put up with that” You don’t know what you are going to do until you are in that situation.
Now I know this-
I was just a girl who thought she was an adult and although I knew it was wrong it was the only love I had known for a really long time. I was scared and I thought I had no where to turn. I didn’t know any different, I had no where to go and no one to turn too. But you know what? I did and you do and anywhere is better then there.
I left and promised myself that I would NEVER let that happen again. When I looked in the mirror there was new determination, new self confidence and new self respect. I would do it on my own!
And I did, and then someone walked into my life that loves me and adores me because I gave myself permission to be loved the way everyone is supposed to be loved.
Domestic Violence Facts:
•50% of women in their CURRENT relationship have been abused by her partner at least once.
•Only 12% of them call the police, the others admit living in fear (I never did, but I should have because later in his life he REALLY hurt someone they nearly died. He needed help)
•20.8% of all homicides involve intimate partners. This represents approximately 76 homicide incidents within Australia each year.
Everyone has a trigger, a point that they get too where enough is enough. It may not be physical abuse it may be verbal or sexual. But you can only do something when you are ready and you have the strength. But there is always an out and only you can make it happen.
If you don’t feel comfortable getting “help” read You Can Heal You Life by the amazing Louise Hay and go from there.
Domestic Violence Resource Site
Domestic Violence Prevention Centre
13 comments:
Thank you for posting this, and for your honesty in telling your story. I often think that as women, we are somehow conditioned to think that we have to "take it" from men...whatever crap that might be, whether it's emotional, physical, sexual or whatever. I had a situation in college where I was emotionally abused, and you're right...I felt like I was the only one who could help him with his problems. But one day I just said "enough" and was done, for good.
Good for you for getting up, getting out, and demanding better for yourself. Hopefully your story will give courage to other women who just need that extra nudge to get help.
What a heart-felt account of how and why women get caught up in damaging relationships. It so often stems from childhood trauma. Thank you for sharing your story with the world.
How brave of you to share your story online! I know that it is helping other women realize that they are in abusive relationships too. It's common for women to think their relationship isn't "really abusive" and remain far too long...
Thank you all so much for your comments.
It's crazy what we put up with sometimes and we think that's it's not that bad or whatever we say to convince ourselves of otherwise.
My point is that although it is scary of the unknown it is worth it for what's waiting for you on the other side.
Thanks Again xx
Thanks for sharing, Renee.
I wholeheartedly agree with your comemnt that its easy for people to say "I would just leave". If only it where that simple ... there's so much more involved, emotion, connection, love ... it's not that easy.
I'm glad your trigger came when it did .. and you got out of there when you did.
xo
Thanks Amanda xx
you are a very brave girl to open up to everyone to read your story
bev
My Bra Queen... I too have suffered at the hands of abuse, It seems that nearly every man that has touch my life has let me down in one way or another from my father, step fathers, boyfriends and Partners... Breaking the cycle is what I strive for every day... How do I stop myself from attracting abusive people?? I thought I finally had It right but once again my judgement failed me.. As much as I strive to be the person I know I am capable of being It is hard to not let the hangover of abuse in its many forms cloud my everyday life.... I feel like my intuition, judgement and heart keep doing the wrong things by me!!! And who do you trust when u feel u cant even trust yourself???
Hi Flutterbye,
Continue to do the challenge and make sure you do Day 3. Sometimes when you focus so hard on something you don't want you are inadvertently attract it, Law of Attraction.
Work with me thru out the next month rebuilding your confidence (not the pretend confidence the real, true confidence) we can see if we can get to the bottom of it. Then we can go from there, sometimes when it has continually happened we test our partner or we are just waiting for something to happen this is an indication that you haven't recovered and accepted what has happened so therefore you can't move forward and break the cycle.
Allow yourself to be you have to trust yourself in order to move forward once you find inner peace amazing things will happen. That person you are striving to be is dying to come we need to listen to her!
Please continue to update me with your progress so we can focus on getting you thru this.
Good Luck, know I am with you every step xx
Hi Bra Queen I applaude you for coming out with your post, I'm glad that you reached that bright light at the end of very dark tunnel.
The only true way to rid the world of domestic voilence is to prevent it and that starts at home, too little is put into children these days to respect your fellow man, and that you should never ever physically abuse a lady.
I've been reading flutterbye comments and I'm a bit astounded that she said "Breaking the cycle is what I strive for every day" she doesn't need to break the cycle those dumbass twits that have abused her need to break the cycle. Becuase the will continue to abuse when they move onto there next partner.
Thank you for your commetna above.
You're right I agree that too little is put onto children to be honest I think to respect others in general.
You right in what you are saying about the twits and they are twits. But when you have been abused over a long period of time it's all you know and as much as you do not want it you attract it. i believe in the Law of Attraction if you do not deal with your "stuff" then you will continue to attract it. That's where Flutterbye is coming from.
To remove and get over this takes to much courage and determination, you literally have to strip yourself down and re build in order for this to stop.
You forgive but you never forget. A song, a thought a smell can bring back all too quickly and take you back like you are still there.
Bra Queen - thank you for your story! It is also important to note that it's not only women who come from a background of domestic violence that find themselves caught up in it.
You are so right though, that it isn't as easy as saying "I'd just leave". I always thought that too, until I was there and then it took me four years to "just leave". Many different things will hold a person in an unhealthy relationship - lack of outside support, pride, thinking they can change the abuser (if I just love him enough he'll get better) or having their self-esteem so squashed they start to believe they won't cope alone.
As you also rightly pointed out - most bad relationships are not all bad - there are lots of really good fun bits, otherwise there would be no hope and no reason to stay - it's the fact that you can see how good it could be that you keep trying.
Anyway, thanks again - my heart goes out to every woman who is still struggling and I wish them strength and clarity.
Silverdragon you are so right that it isn't just women who this affects it is boys and men, who have lived with abuse and though they may not grow up to abuse others (thank goodness)it is so hard for them to love for the fear of what may happen.
I am so glad you have moved on and I wish you well in your journey.…
What is BitTorrent?
Rather than rewrite it, I’ll quote the definition from the uTorrent site.
B.
As a disclaimer, I just want to say that I do not endorse or encourage the illegal acquisition of other people’s property (data) through the use of this technology, which is what it is primarily used for. There are however, legitimate uses for this technology and for the sake of this article we will assume that you are reading this with the intention of using it legitimately, this goes without saying that I take no responsibility for any damages or legal action that may come against you when using BitTorrent technology.
Now that I’ve covered my backside, we can move on to the tutorial.
First things first, you will require a BT client, I prefer to use uTorrent. It is lightweight and spy/malware free. When you install it, you may be prompted to install various browser toolbars and other similar free offers. You can decline these offers without affecting the installation, so make sure you read what you are doing when installing the program. Do not just rush through (Next, Next, Next, Accept, Install, Finish) you may end up junking up your browser with stuff you don’t need.
Now that you have installed uTorrent, you will need to find a torrent to download. These can be found on many sites. The two I prefer are thepiratebay.se and kickass.to. As I mentioned earlier, these sites are filled with suspect advertising, a lot of pornographic and NSFW type stuff so if you are underage or easily offended by such things I would recommend searching elsewhere.
Simply search for the torrent you are looking for in the search box, you can also browse torrents if you wish. Once presented with the results you should sort them by the number of ‘Seeds’ and find the most relevant result closest to the top of the list, you can sort the list by clicking on the word ‘Seed’ (Or SE on TBP) at the top of the column (see screenshots below). The more seeds there is the faster and more consistent your download will be. Torrents with a lot of Seeders tend to be more trustworthy as well.
Once you have found what you are looking for click on the ‘magnet link’. I have illustrated the seeds column and magnet links from TBP and Kickass in the screenshots below (I have censored the ads, search terms and results).
Your browser may prompt you to allow it to open uTorrent, you need to accept this. uTorrent will open and present you with a summary of the torrent, you can look over this summary and deselect files in the torrent that you do not require but this is beyond the scope of this article. To move on, click OK. The torrent will appear in the download list in uTorrent and will connect to other peers/seeds who are hosting the files you are requesting and begin downloading. This is fairly straightforward, the only thing you should be aware of is that once the download has completed it will go into ‘Seeding’ mode, this means that other users (Leeches) are able to download the files from you thus using up your bandwidth and chewing through your ISP-imposed data-limit, if you have a small data-limit you should select the seeding torrent by left clicking on it in the list and then press the Stop button (big red square) in the uTorrent toolbar at the top. This will cause the status of the torrent to read ‘Finished’. You can now right click on the torrent and select ‘Open Containing Folder’.
Your download will open and voila! You’re done.
I hope this helps someone, if I have left anything out or didn’t explain something properly please let me know in the comments below.Is anybody still out there (in this board)?
Anyway, both my Evoke flow and my One flow are an hour late. That means, the display tells me it's 9.00 pm when actually it is 10.00 pm. My Siesta shows the correct time. I can manually adjust the correct time, but within a few minutes it's back to the old (wrong) one.
Any ideas?NO-ONE can doubt Joyce Wright’s pride in her home town.
And her contributions to life in Selkirk have earned the Waverley Housing executive assistant this year’s Merchant Company Personality of the Year title.
The mum-of-two picked up the James Oliver Memorial Award at the company’s winter function in the Rugby Club’s Philiphaugh Suite recently.
A delighted and honoured Joyce said: “It’s the people who raise the money, coming back year after year to take part in the walk, who do all the hard work. This award recognises their efforts.”
Joyce’s selection follows years of service across many aspects of life in Selkirk.
After playing hockey for Selkirk Ladies and the South of Scotland, Joyce arrange mini-hockey coaching sessions for local youngsters on Saturday mornings.
A year after the death of her father George from cancer in 1987, she organised a fundraising walk from the Royal Burgh to St Mary’s Loch via the Three Brethern in his memory.
In the 24 years since, the event has raised £120,000, with walker numbers up from an initial 12 in 1988 to more than 70.
Also a keen Common Riding supporter, Joyce became worried that children in the town were not being taught the traditional songs of the Royal Burgh.
As a result, she set up the Common Riding Singing Club in 2009 for primary schoolchildren, which she has run ever year since in the weeks leading up to the big day.
It allows the youngsters to take part in various ceremonies and to continue the town’s musical heritage for future generations.
If that wasn’t enough, she is also a long-serving member of Selkirk’s Cancer Research committee, and treasurer of Selkirk Cricket Club for the past three years.
Handing over the shield to Joyce, Merchant Company Master Neville Dundas praised the “energy, drive and commitment” of Joyce.
She also received a commemorative framed certificate from Merchant Company’s 2012 Standard Bearer Mark Nichol.
Joyce follows Selkirk’s Ella Phaup, Stewart Roberts, Reverend Bill Laing, Jim Newlands, John Smail, Fiona Scott, Billy Stark, Jim Marshall, Jake Wheelans, Graham Coulson and Colin Kemp in picking up the personality award.ground penetrating microwave radar Articles
Need help finding the right suppliers? Try XPRT Sourcing. Let the XPRTs do the work for you
Abstract: The paper is devoted to design of impulse or equivalent ultra-wide baud array antenna for subsurface radar system. Receiving elements of this autenna are arranged in array with small physical aperture and polarimetric features. Two transmitting element support two polarization states for radiating signals. The radar antenna provides down-looking scanning in subsurface medium for.Think your friends might be familiar with this merchant? Ask your friends on Facebook to see what they think.
I was looking for a notary public who offers certified true copy services. I decided to go with Rula because she is conveniently located uptown. She works out of her home office, where free parking is available for visitors. Rula was very easy to communicate with. She was very responsive via phone. Booking an appointment was quick and easy. Service was excellent.
Merchant Reply May 3, 2017
Thank you so much, Sally, for taking the time to write this very nice review. It was a pleasure assisting you with your notarizations. We always aim to provide the best service, in all aspects. Best regards.
Rula is very friendly, professional and organized. I got my appointment the next day, also working on weekends which is perfect considering the urgency of some documents, to top it off, price is the lowest in Richmond Hill. I would definitely recommend Rula for everyone
Merchant Reply May 2, 2017
Thank you immensely Kamel for taking the time to post this most favourable review and recommendation. The best service possible remains the priority. It has been a pleasure assisting you. Have a good evening and thanks again!
Rula integrates professionalism with conscientiousness and warmth in her practice. I would recommend her highly!
Merchant Reply March 31, 2017
Thank you very much, Joan, for your review and recommendation. I really appreciate you taking the time to do this. It was a pleasure to meet you. The best service possible remains the priority. Thank you and have a great weekend!
This is our first time using Rula's services for some traveling notary documents. She is very nice and professional. During the notary process, she always asked me about how happy we were with her services, her signatures, her seals and so on. She tried her very best to ensure that very details of the services satisfy our needs. And of course, the cost is reasonable too! We will definitely come back to Rula in the future.
Merchant Reply March 8, 2017
Thank you so much Yewfeng for your favourable review. We always strive to provide the most efficient, professional and competitively priced services around. It has been a pleasure helping you with your notarizations and getting to know you. Thank you again and have a good day.
We have used Rula's notary public service several times in the past 4 years. She is knowledgeable, professional, punctual and very pleasant to deal with.
Merchant Reply January 15, 2017
Thank you so much Omid for your fantastic review. I really appreciate this and I will continue to strive to offer the best service possible. It has been a pleasure getting to know you. Have a great week and thanks again!
Rula is a great notary. I've used her more than a half dozen times. She is accurate, courteous, and reasonably priced. Also Rula always does her best to accommodate my schedule. I highly recommend her.
Merchant Reply November 10, 2016
Thank you so much realpersons for your favourable review and recommendation. The best service possible remains the priority. It has been a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day and take care, Rula
Merchant Reply.
Rula was very professional and definitely will utilize her services again. She provided all information requested and answered all my questions. She was very accommodating in regards to scheduling an appointment. I recommend Rula for all your Notary Public services. Thank you Rula for the great service.
Merchant Reply May 25, 2015
Thank you very much Alexander for your favourable review and recommendation. You're most welcome. It was a pleasure to meet and assist you. We strive to provide the most efficient, professional and thorough service. Thank you, again, for your business. Have an excellent day.
Rula is very professional and pay attention to details. We definitely will recommend her to our friends.
Merchant Reply September 29, 2014
Thank you very much Jieru X for your favourable review and recommendation. We really appreciate you taking the time to write and post a review. We will continue to strive to do our best for every notarization or commissioning. Have a great day.
Needed my police record letter notarized, Rula proved to be very friendly, and professional. I was in a rush and called last minute, yet she was able to take me in last second, and the job was done fast. Price comparable if not a little better than the rest I called before I reached her.
Merchant Reply July 11, 2014
Thank you so much Anastasya for your most favourable review. We really appreciate you taking the time to write this. We always strive to do our best to help our clients and ensure they are as fully satisfied as possible. Please continue to try to book in advance for the best price and availability. All the best. Rula
Highly recommending. Fastest and easiest in the area.
Merchant Reply March 28, 2014
Thank you very much Reza for your favourable review and recommendation. It is always a pleasure doing business with you. Best regards.
I have been using this business' services for a few years now and I am completely satisfied with their service, price and location. The job is always done perfectly right and the service is very professional. The prices are the best in the area and they offer appointments 7 days a week and after hours! They also offer last minute emergency appointments, which has been a complete life saver for me! I completely recommend this notary business.
Merchant Reply March 28, 2014
Thank you very much Alvarez for your excellent review and recommendation. We really appreciate it and we always strive to do our best and will continue to do so. Please always try to book in advance for the best price and availability. It was a pleasure meeting with you. Thanks again and all the best.
Wonderful notary public and commissioner for taking affidavits. Highly recommended.
Merchant Reply March 28, 2014
Thank you sweets21 for your most favourable review and recommendation. We appreciate your business and we wish you all the best. Take care.Bellaina Bella Hernandez
Poems by Bellaina Bella Hernandez : 176 / 174
Free From This Cage Within - Poem by Bellaina Bella Hernandez
Lost my being and my soul
along with direction of where to go
try to free myself from this cage
by putting thses rhymes on the page
this is my only safe resort
other than a cut along my throat
Try to express everything
wanting to write beautiful poetry
show my emotions and feelings
that try to keep me from being free
but i forceably found a way
to free my soul from the cage
Listen to this poem:
Poems by Bellaina Bella Hernandez : 176 / 174
Comments about Free From This Cage Within by Bellaina Bella Hernandez
Read this poem in other languages
This poem has not been translated into any other language yet.
I would like to translate this poem »
Poem Submitted: Tuesday, April 3, 2012
Poem Edited: Wednesday, April 4, 2012
Bravo! Outburst from your beautiful and sensitive heart! Like your first name say it Bella (beautiful) a very deep and touching piece my dear friend! I know your feeling clearly filtered through this well penned write! 10+++ Thank you for sharing and keep it up! God Bless You! Love and Peace for always! Romeo-NYC (Report) Reply525 East 88th Street, 5A
Upper East Side, Manhattan
PROPERTY DETAILS
NO FEE !! **RENT STABILIZED** New to Market! Wonderful spacious Studio unit in Prewar Elevator/Laundry Building, right off Carl Schurz Park and Gracie Mansion! Apartment features an Entry Foyer with a row of Large Closets essential for storage and wardrobe. Separate Pass-Through Kitchen has Breakfast Bar providing Additional Counter Space. Living/Bed area receives excellent Northern Exposure overlooking a peaceful and serene Courtyard with trees, and has plenty of space for a bedroom set, Desk, TV Stand, and more. High ceilings and Hardwood floors throughout. Asphalt Green, Bagel Bob's, The Mansion Restaurant and more call this lovely neighborhood home! Building has a Live-In Super. Contact me for an Exclusive showing!
Reasons for leaving
Job Relocation
Additional fees & paperwork
Application with quick approval
Building Address: 525 East 88th Street, New York, NY, 10128
This apartment for rent is no longer available on our website.
CONTACT ME
$1,825 per month
Earliest Move-In Immediate Earliest Move-Out Nov 30, 2017 Latest Move-Out Dec 31, 2017
THE BASICS
- LISTING TYPE: Lease Break
- POSTED BY: Agent/Broker [Corcoran]
- Poster says: Landlord Approved
- Bedrooms: Studio
- Bathrooms: 1
- Décor: Unfurnished Only
- Kind of Building: Rental building
- Opportunity to Renew: Yes
- Brokerage Fee: The poster of this listing is NOT charging a brokerage fee.
- Last Updated: Jan 01, 2017
Apartment Features
- Renovated
- Exceptional Light
Building Amenities
- Elevator
- Pet FriendlyDaily Light Devotions - August 2 - Evening
I have trodden the winepress alone.
"I have trodden the winepress alone, and from the peoples no one was with me; I trod them in my anger and trampled them in my wrath; their lifeblood spattered on my garments, and stained all my apparel. 1
"Who is like you, O LORD, among the gods? Who is like you, majestic in holiness, awesome in glorious deeds, doing wonders? 2
He saw that there was no man, and wondered that there was no one to intercede; then his own arm brought him salvation, and his righteousness upheld him. 3
He himself bore our sins in his body on the tree, that we might die to sin and live to righteousness. By his wounds you have been healed. 4
Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law by becoming a curse for us--for it is written, "Cursed is everyone who is hanged on a tree"-- 5
A Psalm. Oh sing to the LORD a new song, for he has done marvelous things! His right hand and his holy arm have worked salvation for him. 6
He disarmed the rulers and authorities and put them to open shame, by triumphing over them in him. 7
Out of the anguish of his soul he shall see and be satisfied; by his knowledge shall the righteous one, my servant, make many to be accounted righteous, and he shall bear their iniquities. 8
The torrent Kishon swept them away, the ancient torrent, the torrent Kishon. March on, my soul, with might! 9
No, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved us. 10
And they have conquered him by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of their testimony, for they loved not their lives even unto death. 11
______________
1. Isa 63:3;
2. Exo 15:11;
3. Isa 59:16;
4. 1 Pet 2:24;
5. Gal 3:13;
6. Psa 98:1;
7. Col 2:15;
8. Isa 53:11;
9. Judg 5:21;
10. Rom 8:37;
11. Rev 12:11Francie Lynch
Doomed And Left Drooling - Poem by Francie Lynch
I wonder if I'm losing my mind.
Who, in their right mind, would think:
'Our world is losing gravity,
And no one can escape...'
I've a sensibility that sees the world:
'There's a smell of beach on you...'
Perhaps I'm too sensitive.
Perhaps I'll end up sitting in a corner,
Drooling verse:
'Poets die, it's sad but true,
And it matters not what their bodies do...'
A million years ago I was one to jeer
At the elderly,
Laugh at jokes in poor taste,
Avoid or ignor the extended empty coffee cup;
I wasn't thinking:
'Charity is never wasted,
Even when refused;
A simple act of selflessness
Cannot be reduced.'
What's to become of me?
Is it infectious?
What would happen if I sneezed at the world?
A pandemic of sensitivity?
Then where would we be!
I just might be doomed, and left drooling.
Topic(s) of this poem: homeless, poets, poverty, prejudice, sensitivityI have just finished skimming through a book I bought some 30 years ago. It is called “Tragedy and Hope” by Carroll Quigley. This book is a tome, and at times it’s hard to read.
On page 1220, he makes an interesting point. I want to get your take on these comments.
The social costs of the contemporary economic system are staggering….The self-reliant individual has gradually changed into the conformist ‘organization man.’ Routine has displaced risk, and subordination to abstractions has replaced the struggle with diverse concrete problems. The constantly narrowing range of possibilities for self-expression has given rise to deep frustrations with their concomitant growth of irrational compensating customs, such as the obsession with speed; vicarious combativeness, especially in sports; the use of alcohol, tobacco, narcotics, and sex as stimulants, diversions, and sedatives; and the rapid appearance and disappearance of fads in dress, social customs, and leisure activities.
What about it folks?
10 thoughts on ““Organization Man””
Interesting. When one considers how many people have an actual hobby, it isn’t surprising. I suppose someone needs to find some way to be creative, even if it is developed by someone else or if it means being like others.
Is this sweeping statement actually made without any evidence at all to back it up? What kind of “economic system” is he proposing, and why is he so sure that it would be better? What possible evidence does he have that the “range of possibilities for self-expression” is somehow narrowing? Compared to what? Do the trends he points out really even exist? Who knows?
Statements like this seem staggeringly arrogant to me.
Ed,
Great reaction. However, if you realize this book was written in 1966, and look at what has happened in our society, is he all that wrong.
Most people form their opinions on political matters based on what they hear on the news or what they read in the papers.
We are so complacent, now, that even when we have the most corrupt government in Canadian history, and when they (the gov’t.) can thumb their noses at us, and score so high in the polls, can his assessment really be that far off?
“we have the most corrupt government in Canadian history”
I don’t know about that. The federal government (all official parties) has been corrupt for a very long time.
Of all the corrupt govt’s then,this is the most corrupt.
Since the Liberals have been in power for the majority of the 20th Century, it is most deeply imbedded in their psyche.
They literally believe that they are the only party fit to rule in Canada, and, therefore, anything they do, legal or illegal, is justified. Consequently, there is no remorse on their part when they waste billions of our tax dollars. They have no shame.
But the problem is really ours as Canadians. We are so out of touch with reality that we don’t care anymore. The moral fibre of our country is so low that it is beginning to rival Belgium, Denmark and Holland.
There is very little being done to correct the problem either. Rather than acknowledge the corruption, the Liberal gov’t now wants to give the finance minister a carte blanche fund that is beyond the scope of the federal auditor. If that isn’t blatant arrogance, I don’t know what is.
I may blog on this issue, in concert with other examples in the near future.
I just want to clarify that our current government is more than just the Liberal party. Our current government consists of all of th MPs.
To say that this government is the most corrupt is to say that all of the current MPs are corrupt.
I’m not sure that is what you were trying to say.
Anyhow, I am taking this off course.
Let me clarify. The ruling Liberal Party (but not all Liberal MP’s)are the most corrupt. And those who aren’t, if they fail to speak up, by default are approving of what the party does.
Don’t worry about taking this thread off track, because anything that speaks to behaviour today is on track.
The fact that Canadians are not rioting in the streets to get rid of this corruption, speaks to to the apathy that Quigley alludes to. We will riot if our hockey team loses the Stanley Cup, or whatever, but let the gov’t take us for billions of our money, and we lie down and say “do it some more.”
But what guarantee do we have that the Conservatives wouldn’t do the same thing? Actually, their waffling in the past and overriding what their members wanted (combining PC and Alliance for one)and Harper’s past reputation for being non committal about certain issues leaves me very wary of what sort of job they would do. And when we had Mulroney in, he handed us over the the US on a silver platter (and see what Free Trade has done for us. Hmph). Frankly I don’t think there is any party that would be good for Canada at this point. We need a party that actually has Canada’s best interests at heart and I don’t see much of that, in the past, the present or the future (with what we have). I have to agree that this current ruling party isn’t more corrupt in comparison to what we have had in the past, or what is likely in the future. There isn’t jsut one issue that is at stake either, and I really feel that Canada, the media and the government as a whole are losing sight of what this country needs in actuality.
What’s interesting from my perspective is not what Quigley said in your quote, but that this book and Quigley in general was said to be one of Bill Clinton’s “idols”, so to speak. I’ve never read this book, but someone whom I trusted once told me that Quigley was actually a “conspiracy theorist” who believed in the Trilateral Commission kind of world conspiracy, and in “Tragedy and Hope” the hope part was Quigley’s hope that they would actually eventually take over — and they should stop hiding it because it was a good thing they were planning to do. I.e. Save the human race from itself.
You are not totally wrong in your assumption.
The bigger picture was established by the Brandt Commission in 1979, when they published North- South, a Program for Survival.
It was adopted by the Canadian gov’t in early 1980, and formed the basis for the 1980 and 1981 budgets, which were notorious. Almost every budget since then has followed its course.
Trudeau set up the North South Institute, in Ottawa to make recommendations on Canadian policy in a wide variety of areas.
It is clearly a left wing organization with ties to the Trilateralists and the Roundtable groups.
They do wield incredible influence in the policy making area for Canada.
I was aware of Quigley’s approbation of their efforts. I just found some of his analysis to be interesting and accurate, not necessarily his conclusions. That is why I posted his comments. On this issue he was dead on in terms of where we had digressed to by 1966, and it’s even worse today, although there is a swing in the pendulum among young people that may move it in the opposite direction for a time.
With sports being too expensive to watch, kids are getting more involved in activities that they enjoy. So in that sense there is hope.Mother. Runner. Writer. Manc 🐝. Yogi. Training for first Ultramarathon.
Sometimes, ‘ok’ is good enough
The Internet is a weird place at New Year
Two medals and a mug
Race Review: Tunnel Vision Night & Dawn Runs
More firsts. First night run with head torch. First run at dawn on zero sleep. First mug of tea on the finish line.
Only an idiot would check if an electric fence was live by touching it…
Lessons learned: How not to run on trails
I’m boring myself
Goals, schmoals… time to ditch the guilt
“I’ve never wanted to be someone who doesn’t do something because of anxiety…”
A guest post by Steven Kedie
Race Review: Cabbage Patch 10
I’m SUCH an idiot sometimes…
Tick, tick, tick… how a stranger from the Internet became my BFF IRL
#OtherRunners: Scenes from other runners lives
Goals Update
Why 2018 will be the year of the Ultra. Or two
Last month I wrote about my goals and made some pretty bold statements in terms of my fitness and running targets over the next few months and into next year.
Exercise for the body. Volunteering for the soul.
Time. There isn’t enough. Not enough hours in the day to cram in everything we need to get done. Work…
Getting out from under the cloud
It’s time to start making plans, setting goals, and cheering up
Eight weeks post-surgery, life is as normal as it ever was. But I found it would take more than a new lippie and a blow dry to get me back in the game they call life.I loved this place I overstayed 2 nights in Hanoi because I was enjoying myself so much! Excellent if you are traveling alone and looking for socialising and a bit of a party. Also booked Halong bay castaways with them and it was hands down...More
"If you are a female traveler - stay in female only dorm or get a private room"The American Grappling Federation wrapped up its 2016 tournament season on Dec. 17 in Duluth, Georgia, with the Greatmats-sponsored Atlanta BJJ Championships, and Gracie Barra put together the strongest showing of any academy to claim first place in the team standings.
Gracie Barra finished almost 250 points ahead of runner up De La Riva USA, sweeping all four divisions, while Roberto Traven BJJ placed third.
De La Riva USA claimed the No. 2 spot in both the Kids Gi and Kids No Gi Divisions. Placing third in the Kids No Gi Division was The Bunker with 65 points. Roberto Traven BJJ tallied 54 points in the Kids Gi division to claim third place.
In the Adult No Gi Division, it was SBJ claiming second place with 27 points, followed by Agoge Combatives, with 24 points.
X3 Sports was the Adult Gi Division runner up with 33 points, followed by Nova Uniao with 30 points.
Top 10 Overall Team Scores
Gracie Barra 429
SBJ 57
To learn more about Greatmats-sponsored American Grappling Federation Tournaments and athletes visit Greatmats’ AGF Tournament Resource Page.The festive season is nearly upon us, the new year is looming, staff are flagging and looking
forward to a few days off. If you work in retail – not a chance, prepare for the onslaught – Christmas and the January sales. If you work in an office or a manufacturing environment, you might be in luck. Many offices and factories close for at least the three bank holidays, some even close for the three working days between Christmas and New Year. Us, well we are closing for a few extra days as well.
We all need a break and recharging the batteries is absolutely essential to achieving an engaged workforce who are healthy, motivated and highly focused on delivering a fantastic service to clients. In many companies the annual leave (holiday) year runs in line with the annual calendar and therefore for many, this is the last opportunity to take unused holiday time. Many companies operate a ‘use it or lose it’ policy and as long as they have given employees the opportunity to use the time, the onus is on the employee to ensure they ‘claim’ everything they are entitled to.
It is really important that an annual leave policy is clearly documented: that staff know when they can take their holiday, what their entitlement is, how bank holidays are treated and are aware of any ‘black out periods’ when the business is at it’s busiest and holiday can not be taken.
Rules such as the number of staff allowed to be off at any one time and any priority given to parents required to take leave during the school holidays should be communicated so that expectations are managed appropriately.
Good practice dictates that managers ensure leave is spread throughout the year and that staff know what holiday time they have left. They should be encouraged to have used at least half of their leave before the end of Q3 with the rest of their leave planned, authorised and booked appropriately.
Holiday pay can be confusing for some employees and the complexity may occur with part time or term time only staff. It is essential that the contract of employment provides the formula for calculating holiday pay and / or holiday entitlement. All entitlements for part time staff must be pro rated based on the full time entitlements i.e. if the normal working week is 40 hours and an employee works 20 hours, they are a 0.5 full time equivalent (FTE). Therefore the annual leave entitlement is pro rated and if the full time employee has 30 days holiday including bank holidays, the part time employee has 15 days including the public and bank holidays which fall on their normal working days.
Ensure your employees have the opportunity to recharge their batteries – it will be better for your business.
We loved tamtamdi‘s series of Pokémon Gijinka, so it’s a good thing there’s almost 1,000 Pokémon to work with (we’re not exaggerating that much)! This awesome artist’s interpretations of Pokémon as people are packed with personality, and the second generation of Pokémon are just as good as the first!
If you like these, you should definitely check out more of tamtamdi‘s work on DeviantArt, or get updates by following the artist’s Facebook, Twitter, and Tumblr accounts!
A cute, fairy-like version of the tiny mythical Pokémon, Celebi!
We’re never going to be able to unsee Cyndaquil’s head as a baseball cap.Law Offices of Peter P Gaddy
204 Woodlet Ln Bolingbrook, Illinois 60490(630) 574-9455
Print | Save | Directions
AboutLaw Offices of Peter P Gaddy is located at the address 204 Woodlet Ln in Bolingbrook, Illinois 60490. They can be contacted via phone at (630) 574-9455 for pricing, hours and directions.
Law Offices of Peter P Gaddy has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999. .
For maps and directions to Law Offices of Peter P Gaddy view the map to the right. For reviews of Law Offices of Peter P Gaddy see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (630) 574-9455
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 110000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Gerald Bauer Jr Law Offices Of
400 N Schmidt Rd Bolingbrook, Illinois 60440
Kontoh Scott and Associate
260 S Schmidt rd Ste A A Ste Bolingbrook, Illinois 60440
Bates Alben F Lawyer
120 S Palmer Dr Bolingbrook, Illinois 60490
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsRippleRun
This series of three angled, arching structures—small, medium and large—provide a contemporary obstacle course of misting water sprays. Water comes from above and from the sides as kids wind their way through.
Material Options: Stainless Steel
Dimensions: 7' 0" x 11' 0" (2,13 m x 3,35 m)
Splash Zone: 15' 0" x 14' 0" (4,57 m x 3,05 m)
Standard Flow Rate: 30 GPM
113,56 LPM
PSI: 15A Sheffield charity which supports children with Encephalitis has won Sainsbury’s Sheffield’s prestigious Charity of the Year accolade – and will celebrate its new partnership by staging a number of fundraising events.
The Eden Dora Trust was set up two years ago by a Sheffield mum named Petrina after her six-year-old daughter Eden became seriously ill with Encephalitis.
Encephalitis is a potentially deadly brain inflammation, which can occur at any time. It can leave a child with life-changing brain injuries and disabilities.
The first of these fundraising events is an awareness day at Sainsbury’s Sheffield’s Archer Road store, consisting of volunteers and supporters of the Eden Dora Trust helping customers to pack their shopping bags whilst raising awareness of childhood Encephalitis. This will take place this coming weekend (Friday 30 September and Saturday 1 October 2016).
The aim of the charity is to help make life better and easier for children and their families and carers affected through support, information, research and rehabilitation.
The Eden Dora Trust is the only charity in the UK dedicated solely to children who suffer from Encephalitis. Charity patrons include Louis Tomlinson, Paul Dickov, Joe Hart and Andrew ‘Freddie’ Flintoff.
Petrina said: “We were very honoured and excited to be chosen as Sainsbury’s charity partner of the year, and we are really looking forward to working together with Sainsbury’s.
“Community is at the heart of everything we do as a charity so to be involved with such a community-focused organisation in a city as friendly and supportive as Sheffield is without doubt a huge boost.
“Eden was very lucky to survive Encephalitis, when so many other children do not. There was nowhere near enough support available, and we knew that we needed to help others. We were adamant that other families and carers were not to go through this devastating illness alone, like we had to.
“Vital funds raised from events such as those on Friday and Saturday will help pioneering research into the causes, diagnoses and treatments of this debilitating illness, produce educational literature, and provide training for families, teachers and health care professionals involved with the ongoing care and rehabilitation affected by this life-changing illness.
“If anyone can spare any time at all to help, whether that’s an hour or two, or the whole day, that would be be amazing. Children are welcome too.”
Further events that the Eden Dora Trust and Sainsbury’s have organised together are:
- A fashion show in Sainsbury’s Archer Road store on Thursday 8 November, 7pm. (contact the Eden Dora Trust for tickets)
- A Christmas Awareness weekend at Sainsbury’s Archer Road store on 2, 3 and 4 December.
The Eden Dora Trust also has places available for the Sheffield Half Marathon – contact the team to secure a place.
To find out more about the Eden Dora Trust, or to offer support, visit or email contact@edendoratrust.orgRivals prepare for derby that could define boundaries for Scotland
More often than not, Scotland’s festive derbies have taken on the air of two bald men squabbling over a comb. Heartfelt, impassioned, determined and with plenty of aggression; but in the greater scheme of things, at best a sideshow.
Not this year, though. True, the sides went into the derby games first and second in what, two years ago, was the Magners League, and Glasgow’s victories in both — the first double in the series since 2003-04 — set them up for a place in the end-of-season play-offs. Edinburgh, who had gone into those games level with their rivals, ended up fifth and won only three more matches that season.
What sets this year’s events apart from the past, however, and is generating high expectations…Weekend holiday getaway: Christmas by the Sea in Langley VIEW
Quaint shops and ocean views will warm your soul.
Quaint shops and ocean views will warm your soul.
A mix of Old World charm and contemporary flair, Victoria’s picturesque waterfront and downtown are easily walkable.
This year, Canada is turning 150! That’s a lot of candles. That also means there is a ton to do on an easy and relaxing...
It's the perfect time to see mighty orcas breach, splash and play in their natural habitat.
Resort offers relaxation and a retreat from everyday life.
The vibrant city comes alive with the return of sunshine, blue skies and lush gardens.
Each spring, the celebrated North Puget Sound gray whales return for a visit.
Surprise that special someone with a quick getaway right in Seattle's backyard.
At Christmastime, a stroll around The Butchart Gardens can feel like you’re floating through the glowing, twinkling stars of the Milky Way.Comedians In Cars Getting Coffee — Jerry Seinfeld’s Show Starts Season 2
Written by The Dishmaster, Posted in General
Crackle, which is Sony’s online network (think Hulu with less content). Watch the trailer below, and click HERE to see full episodes of the show.I’ve unsuccessfully attempted to obtain more clips for this show, but it appears their press team lives in a caged prison that I can’t penetrate. That being said, I’ve located a trailer that ALMOST exemplifies the show’s hilarity. It’s exclusive toApplication: NEH Distinguished Teaching Professorship
Due by Tuesday, January 22, 2018
Distinguished Teaching Professors know their disciplines very well, motivate and inspire students, and actively engage students in learning. To evaluate these criteria, the selection committee requests that applications should consist of the following materials.
Part 1: Applicant's Responsibility
- Applicant’s reflective teaching philosophy statement, demonstrating dedication to improving teaching and students’ learning
- Applicant’s proposed project(s) as NEH Distinguished Teaching Professor
- Applicant’s record of experience with and interest in humanities courses, as evidenced by course descriptions (entire syllabi are not necessary)
- Evidence of teaching expertise, demonstrated by summaries of student evaluations, including students’ comments
- Brief curriculum vitae (2 pages recommended)
All required documents shall be sumbitted in fields below.
Part 2: Confidential Letters of Support
One-page in length in 12 pt., Times New Roman font, with standard margins.
- Details the applicant’s strengths in teaching from:
- one or two colleagues who have observed the applicant’s teaching
- two former undergraduate students
*Recommended maximum length of application, including the 3-4 pages of letters: 15 pages.
If you have any further questions, please contact Francesca Fiorani, Associate Dean for the Arts and HumantiesSince I've been posting about my experiences with self-publishing, I've kept it real and posted about almost everything I can think of.
So I decided to mention this about Jonah Sweet of Delancey Street before it goes live to avoid any possible confusion...which I really don't think will happen. It's not the first time an author or a publisher made a change like this and it won't be the last.
It was a publisher who once told me that people do, indeed, judge books by their covers. And I've learned from experience how true that is. Over the years I've been happy for the most part with almost every book cover I've had. My all time favorite cover to date is Chase of a Lifetime...but that could be because that was my first self-published book and I'm very partial to it. With my other published books I never had the final say or the control. Frankly, I didn't want it either. I trusted their judgment and moved on to my next work in progress. I didn't want to worry about covers.
Then I found myself interested in self-publishing and things changed. There were two ways I could have gone with the cover for JSoDS. One was to go more erotic and show a bare-chested guy. The book does have an element of light BDSM and I made that clear in the blurb. The other way I could have gone was to play up the more emotional side of the book, where there's a kid in a wheel chair struggling to walk again with the help of the two main characters.
So when I sent the cover information to the cover artist I used for John Sweet, I asked her to focus more on the emotional parts in the book than the erotic parts simply because I thought they were more important to the book. And I was happy with the end result and loved the cover she created. I still love that cover.
But since the release of Jonah Sweet I've had people e-mail me asking for more details about whether or not there are erotic scenes in this particular book. I don't mind answering them and I've always encouraged this kind of communication. However, I ultimately decided to change the cover of Jonah Sweet to the one you see in this post above. It will go live sometime over the weekend and that's going to be the final cover for a while. NONE of the CONTENT of this book will be changed at all, not now or ever. When I released that book, like all the other books I've released, I was prepared to own my words and stand behind it regardless of what anyone else thinks.
This time I designed and created the cover myself. Though I'd never done anything like this before, I knew what I wanted, I didn't think anyone would be able to deliver it the same way I could, and I decided to learn how to design book covers myself. I'm not certain how long I'll be self-publishing or how many covers I'll design in the future. But it made perfect sense that since I'm doing this commando now, so to speak, it would only make sense to learn how to design e-book covers.
For those thinking about designing their own covers, all the information you need is out there on the web. You just have to google,"How to design an e-book cover," and tons of web sites and youtube videos will pop up. I wanted something simple this time for Jonah Sweet, with simple print, and with masculine energy.TIME magazine (issue: April 12, 2010) featured a special report entitled 'The Perils of Plastic' HERE (or HERE or HERE). Below are are choice quotes I like by reporter Bryan Walsh [including my emphasis].
- "Since World War II, production of industrial chemicals has risen rapidly, and the U.S. generates or imports some 42 billion POUNDS (19 billion kg) of them per day, leaving Americans awash in a sea of synthetics."
-."
- Epigenetics... .” "
- Xenobiotics, XENOESTROGENS... .)"
- Codes of chemical contempt... picture of recycling codes courtesy of HERE.
Prior Nephropal from Dr. Tourgeman MD: Bisphenol A (BPA) lowers adiponectin, associated with insulin resistance, weight gain, fat gain, twisted testosterone metabolism, lower sperm count
Happy Earth Day... *contemptuous sigh*
Does This Affect Adrenals? Thyroids?
Possibly? Any hormone disruption and dysregulation at the cellular or macro-biology level affects adrenals. Heavy metals are implicated in the formation of free T4 to rT3, which is a useless form of thyroid hormone and not selenium or iodine-dependent (unlike activation of T4 to T3).
MOOBIES: high DHT, high Estrone, high Prolactin, low vitamin D
Boys becoming physically and metabolically like girls... that's called MOOBIES,
"In 2002, the Centre for Environment and Health in Flanders, Belgium started a human biomonitoring program. For 1679 adolescents, residing in nine study areas with differing pollution pressure, hormone levels and the degree of sexual maturation were measured. Possible confounding effects of lifestyle and personal characteristics were taken into account. Participants from the nine different study areas had significantly different levels of sex hormones (total and free testosterone, oestradiol, aromatase, luteinizing hormone) and the thyroid hormone free triiodothyronine, after correction for confounders. Significantly higher hormone concentrations were measured in samples from participants residing in the area around the waste incinerators, while significantly lower values were found in participants residing in the Albert Canal zone with chemical industry."2
PaleoHacks Forum Thread: Middle-Aged Male Gynecomastia, aka 'Moobs'
Check out this thread HERE. Thank you Dexter -- forgot about my comments! Jae and Kevin Teague covered all the bases. Good job, boys! Eat paleo, do HIIT (to raise T), lose body fat (reduces DHT conversion), take vitamin D (lowers prolactin, raises T), eat fat, eat low carb, etc. This works. Current conventional medicine treatment includes... surgical options (moob-ectomy), aromatase inhibitors, or Tamoxifen (estrogen blocker): HERE.
P-a-t-h-e-t-i-c.
Males: Avoid Xeno-Estrogens
Xenobiotics are found in food, herbs and pharmaceuticals. These are chemical structures which our bodies need to metabolize and eliminate via our P450 enzyme systems in the liver and other tissues. Many are fat-soluble and require a healthy liver (phase 2), gallbladder and biliary system to conjugate and eliminate from the entero-hepatic cycling that occurs in our gut. Our body has evolved to conserve and 'recycle' the 'good stuff' from our skin and oral exposures like cholesterol, vitamins, steroid derivatives, endorphins, sex steroids, fatty acids and other constituents. Unfortunately, toxins get recycled too.
The best is to avoid toxins.
Phytoestrogens are plant-derived xeno-estrogens; they are everywhere but some phytoestrogens have higher biological potency. Both plants and animals utilize estrogen phylogenically. Xenoestrogens vary in their effects. Some may protect against estrogen and xenoestrogen-induced breast cancer and other cancers but the downside for men are the ubiquitious estrogenic effects including breast tissue growth and penile reducing effects.
Some bind estrogen and progesterone receptors and potently or partially enact the below or some combination:
--inhibition of estrogen receptors (block)
--activation of estrogen receptors
--inhibition of progesterone (block)
--activation of progesterone
--inhibition of androgens (block)
Estrogen is producted by men and women (in the adrenals in both genders and ovaries in women). It feminizes however our understanding of estrogen has greatly expanded to include countless brain, neural and immunity related activities. Men need some, but not a lot. Women, we need a lot comparatively and it protects against Alzheimer's, infections and looking wrinkled. Important.
Progesterone is made by both men and women (again in the adrenals of both genders and ovaries of women). Progesterone has some androgenic action for fat burning, muscle building, mood, immunity, neuroprotective (give me 'P' if I ever have a cerebral edema) and well being. Progesterone is the MAIN hormone in pregnancy. It sustains the pregnancy and allows for exponential tissue growth. At high levels, tissues and collagen relax and cortisol and insulin go up (providing even sustained glucose supplies for the fetus). Women make ~20 mg/d of 'P' but during pregnancy, fetal adrenal and maternal production increase to ~200 mg/d. Fetal adrenal glands are 10-20x that of an adult. It shrinks after birth and post-natally.
Many xeno-estrogens block progesterone and lead to anti-adrogenic actions. In women, pomegranate, like RU486, was once used in ancient Greek as an abortifacient and to induce uterine contractions.
Below are known to raise estrogen effects and lead to gynecomastia should be limited in exposure by mouth, skin, or breath if you are trying to limit your moobie growth:
--soy SOY SOY (!OY)
--BEER (hops contains high phytoestrogens)
-- whisky in oak (per Paleo hacks)
--omega-6 (peanuts, sunflower, cottonseed, safflower oils) which increase inflammatory steroidogenesis including cortisol which raises DHT and endogenous estrogens
--pomegranate, red clover, yucca
--topical use of tea tree oil, lavender oil
--excessive caffeine (raises cortisol and depletes adrenals too; fibrocystic breasts)
Synthetic xeno-estrogens, unlike some of the natural, plant-derived compounds that exist in food and plants, are chemicals and therefore not recognized by our mammalian receptors for appropriate metabolism and elimination. Worse, they are stored in the fat tissues with extremely long biological half-lives. Synthetic xeno-estrogens and xeno-progestins may take weeks, months or decades to be excreted. Birth control, Provera (medroxyprogesterone), Depo-Provera, plastics, BPA, environmental pollutants are in this class.
Bisphenol A Elevated in Women with PCOS Compared With Non-PCOS Women
Girls. We are affected too. PCOS is the female version of moobies... females veering toward male dimorphic expression (hirsutism/facial hair, higher androgens (T, DHT), male pattern baldness/alopecia, masculinization, low estriol/estradiol, PMS, ovarian failure, sterility, early menopause). Takeuchi et al discuss the dose-related bisphenol A effect and how related to degree of hormonal dysregulation in women with PCOS. Obese women without PCOS also showed higher BPA levels compared to non-obese without PCOS. Not surprising. BPA, mercury and other pollutants have been shown to increase insulin resistance and body fat.
This study was performed to investigate the serum levels of bisphenol A (BPA), an endocrine disruptor, in women with ovarian dysfunction and obesity. Fasting serum samples were obtained from 19 non-obese and 7 obese women with normal menstrual cycles: 7 patients with hyperprolactinemia, 21 patients with hypothalamic amenorrhea, and 13 non-obese and 6 obese patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). BPA was measured by an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. BPA was detected in all human sera. Serum BPA concentrations were significantly higher in both non-obese and obese women with polycystic ovary syndrome (1.05 +/- 0.10 ng/ml, 1.17 +/- 0.16 ng/ml; p < 0.05, respectively) and obese normal women (1.04 +/- 0.09 ng/ml, p < 0.05) compared with those in non-obese normal women (0.71 +/- 0.09 ng/ml). There was no difference among women with hyperprolactinemia, women with hypothalamic amenorrhea, and non-obese normal women. There were significant positive correlations between serum BPA and total testosterone (r = 0.391, p < 0.001), free testosterone (r = 0.504, p < 0.001), androstenedione (r = 0.684, p < 0.001), and DHEAS (r = 0.514, p < 0.001) concentrations in all subjects. These findings show that there is a strong relationship between serum BPA and androgen concentrations, speculatively due to the effect of androgen on the metabolism of BPA.
Boys and Girls: Avoid BPA and other Xenoestrogens
- Avoid plastics for food containers
- Avoid drinking water from water bottles (esp heated) -- use metal
- Never heat up food in plastics (even BPA-free) -- use glass or pot on the stovetop
- Minimize/avoid Starbuck and Peet's coffee cups (I KNOW! I don't follow)
- Buy local and organic and avoid pesticides, especially for the Dirty DOZEN
- Leave your shoes at the door (very ASIAN *wink*)
- Avoid consuming synthetic hormones fed to and pesticide-exposed, mass produced chickens, pork, beef, dairy; eat grassfed and local
- Avoid/minimize wild seafood (heavy metals, PCBs, flame retardants)
- Avoid inferior produced omega-3 fish oil or cod liver oil (heavy metals, PCBs, flame retardants)
- Avoid consuming synthetic hormones fed to and pesticide-exposed farm-raised salmon, tilapia, catfish, shrimp, and other seafood
- Avoid certain cosmetics
- F*CKIN AVOID BIRTH CONTROL (oral, insertable, injected), Premarin, Provera, PremPro, Ergocalciferol (D2), Accutane, and ALL synthetic Big Pharma non-bioidentical steroid hormones
Detoxification
I've had to deal with synthetic progestin toxicity for the last 2 years. There was not that much I could do but what helped the most in excreting the xenobiotic I found was the below. Whenever I gained body fat (holiday eating, stress, stopping vitamin D, etc), I found the symptoms I was having were exacerbated and acutely worsened. When I dropped body fat with exercise and yoga, then the symptoms curbed down again. Body fat for me has been the biggest factor I can vary which affected symptoms and the control symptoms.
--exercising frequently to lower body fat and control insulin/cortisol/leptin (cardio 50-70% max HR four to seven hours per week) (leptin RAISES aromatase)
--HIIT 1-2x/wk (NONE unless rested/relaxed; don't over do it;BSS rocks)
--yoga, massage (relieves stress, prevents injury, resets adrenals which produce cortisol and hormones, moves lymph and circulation)
--hypocaloric high protein diet with carb cycling (900-1200 kcal/d -- I'm ~120 lbs)
--fiber -- this removes bile acid conjugates (metamucil, non-starchy vegetables dominated diet, cruciferous, seaweed, leeks, green apples, etc)
--fat (coconut milk, grassfed meat eggs, etc), omega-3, flaxseed oil
--cilantro, garlic (helps glutathione which uncouples toxins from binding), NAC (glutathione precursor, keeps liver/kidneys strong), Vitamin C, tocopherols/ tocotrienols, chlorella (antioxidant and removes toxins), coenzyme Q10 (tags proteins and DNA for proper disposal or recycling), pycnogenol (antioxidant and removes toxins), silymarin (helps glutathione and keeps the liver strong), trace minerals (metal detox and detox enzyme functions), lipoic acid (increases glutathione in WBC RBCs)
--normal bile conjugation, synthesis and elimination (fermented foods, digestive enzymes, betaine (TMG), indole-3-carbinol/DIM, taurine/glycine (and/or raw grassfed or uncontaminated-seafood), egg yolks, low carb/high sat fat diet) (when my adrenals were shot x6-12 months, I couldn't tolerate much taurine which made me dizzy and ataxic; need a modicum of decent adrenals)
--GUT, thyroid, adrenal and vitamin D optimization (affect temperature and metabolism of enzymes, P450 detox enzymes, liver, steroidogenesis and neutrotransmitters)
References1. The Perils of Plastic. Walsh B. TIME Magazine 175(14);April 12, 2010, pp.44-54.
2. Hormone levels and sexual development in Flemish adolescents residing in areas differing in pollution pressure. Croes K, Baeyens W, Bruckers L, Den Hond E, Koppen G, Nelen V, Van de Mieroop E, Keune H, Dhooge W, Schoeters G, Van Larebeke N. Int J Hyg Environ Health. 2009 Nov;212(6):612-25.
3. Relationship of thyroid hormone levels to levels of polychlorinated biphenyls, lead, p,p'- DDE, and other toxicants in Akwesasne Mohawk youth.Schell LM, Gallo MV, Denham M, Ravenscroft J, DeCaprio AP, Carpenter DO.Environ Health Perspect. 2008 Jun;116(6):806-13.
4. Relationship of lead, mercury, mirex, dichlorodiphenyldichloroethylene, hexachlorobenzene, and polychlorinated biphenyls to timing of menarche among Akwesasne Mohawk girls.Denham M, Schell LM, Deane G, Gallo MV, Ravenscroft J, DeCaprio AP; Akwesasne Task Force on the Environment.Pediatrics. 2005 Feb;115(2):e127-34.
5. Human thyroid in the population exposed to high environmental pollution by organochlorinated pollutants for several decades.Langer P, Kocan A, Tajtakova M, Petrik J, Chovancova J, Drobna B, Jursa S, Pavuk M, Trnovec T, Seböková E, Klimes I.Endocr Regul. 2005 Jan;39(1):13-20.
6. Reproductive hormone levels in men exposed to persistent organohalogen pollutants: a study of inuit and three European cohorts. Giwercman AH, Rignell-Hydbom A, Toft G, Rylander L, Hagmar L, Lindh C, Pedersen HS, Ludwicki JK, Lesovoy V, Shvets M, Spano M, Manicardi GC, Bizzaro D, Bonefeld-Jorgensen EC, Bonde JP.Environ Health Perspect. 2006 Sep;114(9):1348-53. [FREE PDF]
7. Exposure to bisphenol A is associated with recurrent miscarriage. Sugiura-Ogasawara M, Ozaki Y, Sonta S, Makino T, Suzumori K. Hum Reprod. 2005 Aug;20(8):2325-9.
8. Positive relationship between androgen and the endocrine disruptor, bisphenol A, in normal women and women with ovarian dysfunction.Takeuchi T, Tsutsumi O, Ikezuki Y, Takai Y, Taketani Y.Endocr J. 2004 Apr;51(2):165-9. [Free PDF]
9. Exposure of newborn male and female rats to environmental estrogens: delayed and sustained hyperprolactinemia and alterations in estrogen receptor expression.Khurana S, Ranmal S, Ben-Jonathan N.Endocrinology. 2000 Dec;141(12):4512-7. Free Article
10. Effects of xenoestrogen bisphenol A on uterine and pituitary weight, serum prolactin levels and immunoreactive prolactin cells in ovariectomized Wistar rats. Goloubkova T, Ribeiro MF, Rodrigues LP, Cecconello AL, Spritzer PM. Arch Toxicol. 2000 Apr;74(2):92-8.
11. The environmental estrogen bisphenol A stimulates prolactin release in vitro and in vivo. Steinmetz R, Brown NG, Allen DL, Bigsby RM, Ben-Jonathan N.Endocrinology. 1997 May;138(5):1780-6.
12. Prepubertal gynecomastia linked to lavender and tea tree oils. Henley DV, Lipson N, Korach KS, Bloch CA. N Engl J Med. 2007 Feb 1;356(5):479-85.
13. Red clover isoflavones biochanin A and formononetin are potent ligands of the human aryl hydrocarbon receptor. [like DIM and indole-3-carbinol] Medjakovic S, Jungbauer A. J Steroid Biochem Mol Biol. 2008 Jan;108(1-2):171-7.
14. Early life and adult exposure to isoflavones and breast cancer risk. Tomar RS, Shiao R.
J Environ Sci Health C Environ Carcinog Ecotoxicol Rev. 2008 Apr-Jun;26(2):113-73. Review.
15. The red clover (Trifolium pratense) isoflavone biochanin A inhibits aromatase activity and expression. Wang Y, Man Gho W, Chan FL, Chen S, Leung LK.Br J Nutr. 2008 Feb;99(2):303-10.
16. Effect of curcumin on the aryl hydrocarbon receptor and cytochrome P450 1A1 in MCF-7 human breast carcinoma cells. Ciolino HP, Daschner PJ, Wang TT, Yeh GC.Biochem Pharmacol. 1998 Jul 15;56(2):197-206.
17. Effect of biochanin A [red clover] on the aryl hydrocarbon receptor and cytochrome P450 1A1 in MCF-7 human breast carcinoma cells.Han EH, Kim JY, Jeong HG.Arch Pharm Res. 2006 Jul;29(7):570-6.
18. The effects of pomegranate seed extract and beta-sitosterol on rat uterine contractions.Promprom W, Kupittayanant P, Indrapichate K, Wray S, Kupittayanant S.Reprod Sci. 2010 Mar;17(3):288-96.
19. Dominant transmission of prepubertal gynecomastia due to serum estrone excess: hormonal, biochemical, and genetic analysis in a large kindred. Binder G, Iliev DI, Dufke A, Wabitsch M, Schweizer R, Ranke MB, Schmidt M.J Clin Endocrinol Metab. 2005 Jan;90(1):484-92.
20. An unusual case of gynecomastia associated with soy product consumption. [this happened to my daughter age 2 on soy formula. The Pedi knew nothing. wtf. Resolved when we stopped.] Martinez J, Lewi JE.Endocr Pract. 2008 May-Jun;14(4):415-8.
21. Role of testosterone and dihydrotestosterone in spontaneous gynecomastia of adolescents. Villalpando S, Mondragón L, Barrón C, Pérez-Pastén E, Castañeda G, Alonso-Uriarte R, Cortés-Gallegos V.Arch Androl. 1992 May-Jun;28(3):171-6.
22. Neonatal Exposure to Bisphenol A and Reproductive and Endocrine Alterations Resembling the Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome in Adult Rats.Fernandez MO, Bourguignon N, Lux-Lantos V, Libertun C.Environ Health Perspect. 2010 Apr 22.Show: Delphi C++
Display Preferences
Mixing and Converting String Types
From RAD Studio
Go Up to Working with Strings.Caridad de la Luz (also known by her nom de poésie et de musique La Bruja) will be performing spoken word poetry on Friday, June 6, 2014 and Saturday, June 7, 2014 at the Social Lite Lounge in the Humboldt Park section of Chicago, Illinois, as part of the Culture Creator Series. For more information, click here.
Kiki Meléndez was interviewed in Estrella TV, where she spoke about her film The Journey of a Female Comic (written by Meléndez and Lyn McCullough and directed by Meléndez and Erick Cresp?Global Ceramic Coating Industry Report is a professional and in-depth research report on the world's major regional market conditions of the Ceramic Coating industry. This report studies the global Ceramic Coating market, analyzes and researches the Ceramic Coating development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia.
- Agency -.
The Ceramic Coating Industry introduces Ceramic Coating basic information, including definition, classification, application, industry chain structure, industry overview, policy analysis, and news analysis,. Insightful predictions for the Ceramic Coating market for the coming few years have also been included in the report.
These predictions feature important inputs from leading industry experts and take into account every statistical detail regarding the Ceramic Coating market.
- Agency -.
Complete report on the “Global Ceramic Coating Industry Size, Status and Forecast 2016-2022” spread across #103 pages, profiling 10 companies and supported with tables and figures @….aspx?name=914303 .
#2017-2022 Ceramic Coating Market focuses on the top players in the global market, like Bodycote, Praxair Surface Technologies, Inc., Aremco Products, Inc., APS Materials, Inc., Cetek Ceramic Technologies Ltd., Keronite Group Ltd., Saint-Gobain S.A., Element 119, NanoShine Ltd. and Ultramet, Inc. no less than 10 top producers.
Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Ceramic Coating in these regions, from 2011 to 2022 (forecast), like North America, Europe, China, Japan, Korea and Taiwan.
Global Ceramic Coating Ceramic Coating market is available in the report.
Develop policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures are also analyzed. This report also states import/export, consumption, supply and demand Figures, cost, price, revenue and gross margins.
The report focuses on global major leading Ceramic Coating Industry players, providing information such as company profiles, product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information.
On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Oxide- Carbide- Nitride.
On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Ceramic Coating for each application, including Automotive- Energy- Aerospace- Industrial Components- Healthcare.
With the list of tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market.
Major Points from Table of Contents [TOC]
Global Ceramic Coating Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022
1 Industry Overview of Ceramic Coating
2 Global Ceramic Coating Competition Analysis by Players
3 Company (Top Players) Profiles
4 Global Ceramic Coating Market Size by Type and Application (2012-2017)
5 United States Ceramic Coating Development Status and Outlook
6 EU Ceramic Coating Development Status and Outlook
7 Japan Ceramic Coating Development Status and Outlook
8 China Ceramic Coating Development Status and Outlook
9 India Ceramic Coating Development Status and Outlook
10 Southeast Asia Ceramic Coating Development Status and Outlook
11 Market Forecast by Regions, Type and Application (2017-2022)
12 Ceramic Coating:In this article, we mention different methods which you can use to hide Apps and Pictures on Android smartphone. You can use this tutorial to protect your sensitive and personal data on your Android device from prying eyes.
It’s no surprise that you want to keep your information as safe as possible. With so many stories about how our privacy is being violated, you just can’t help but look for ways to prevent others from accessing your information. Some things are not their business.
For example, whenever you let someone hold your phone for whatever reason you can’t help but feel that they’re going to access your pictures. Or, they might (out of curiosity) swipe through your phone’s home pages just to see what kind of apps you have on your phone. Here’s how you can stop them.
Hide Pictures on Android Device
To hide your photos on your Android device, the best app you can use is KeepSafe. It’s an app with over 10 million downloads and counting. It’s very easy to use, that’s great news if you’re not very tech-savvy.
When you first launch the app, you’ll need to sign up and create a passcode. To add a picture or video, you just need to tap on the blue button on the bottom right and choose what you want to add. You can make a choice between Add album, Import files, Import photos and Take a picture.
Once you’ve decided what you want to transfer, just tap on the blue Import button at the bottom. Your pictures will now be removed from your phone’s gallery. The only way you’ll be able to see them is by accessing the KeepSafe app.
The Calculator App Method
Even though KeepSafe is an excellent way to keep your pictures and videos safe, everyone will know you have something to hide. When they swipe your app icons, they will see it and probably even try yo guess the passcode.
If you want to use a method that will help you hide your pictures with style, you need to try the calculator app. It works just like any calculator app by allowing you to solve your typical math problems.
Anyone that uses it thinks it’s your common calculator, but it’s not. When you first launch the app, you’re instructed to enter a passcode. Whenever you open the app and enter the passcode followed by the percentage symbol, the secret photo and video vault are opened.
If you don’t press the percentage sign after the code nothing is going to happen. No one will ever know you’re hiding anything at all.
Hide Apps on Android with Nova Launcher
With Nova Launcher, you won’t just be able to hide your apps but change how your device looks as well. Hiding your apps on Nova Launcher is easy. The first thing you need to do is swipe up from the three horizontal lines at the bottom.
You will see a pop-up menu appear with different options and Hide App being one of them. Tap on it, and then Nova will take you to where you can choose the apps you want to hide. Once you’ve chosen then tap on OK. The apps will now disappear from sight and no one has to know about your guilty pleasure app.
To access the apps you’ve hidden, simply repeat the steps you took to hide them. After a few steps, you’ll get to the apps you added.
Also Read: App to Lock WhatsApp and other Chat Apps on Android
Conclusion
You can never be too careful when it comes to keeping your stuff safe. There are a lot of curious eyes out there and sometimes you have no choice but to literally hide your files. How do you keep your files safe? Leave a comment and let me know.Supporting ideas in an essay
How to make an outline - Home: Los Angeles
Troy University Writing Center ESSAY OUTLINE FORM Main (Controlling) Idea of the essay: Three main points of argument (1) (2)
Supporting Your Ideas - Organization and Structure
Writing an Outline . Writing and Outline . What is an Outline? An outline is a breakdown of the main and supporting ideas in your essay, report, or speech.
How to Write a 5-Paragraph Essay - ThoughtCo
22.06.2017 · Next, write each of your supporting ideas in sentence format, Essay Tips: 7 Tips on Writing an Effective Essay; 10 Ways to Stand Out at Your Internship;
STEPS IN WRITING AN ESSAY - Diablo Valley College
Writing a college application essay is not easy, alone is not the key to effective essay writing. enable you to find the best supporting ideas
4 Main Ideas and Supporting Details in Writing
09.11.2017 · Supporting details are pieces of information which add additional facts to explain and bolster an opinion, claim, or belief.
Organizing an Essay | Writing Advice
14.07.2009 · Best Answer: Definition: In this kind of essay, we not only give information but also present an argument with the PROS (supporting ideas) and
Purdue OWL Engagement
Supporting Points: Definition: A supporting point is a writer uses to establish the claims made in the thesis of an essay. They are the details, examples, facts, data
Understanding Main Idea and Supporting Details as a
Supporting A Speech A Definition: Do you have any questions, comments, concerns, suggestions, or supporting ideas of your own that you would like to share?
Ordering Information in the Body of the Essay | Online
Checklist for Thesis-Support Essay: Basic Expectations Shape Unity. Is there a main idea (thesis sentence) that focuses the information? Does all of the information
Essay Tips: 7 Tips on Writing an Effective Essay - Fastweb
essay on cool hand luke symbolism glasses Edit Article wiki How to Write an Essaynet! We are a trustworthy academic writing assistance agency with many years of
Writing: Main Idea, Thesis Statement & Topic Sentences
How to Make an Outline • Find a way to categorize/separate your supporting ideas of the thesis paragraph essay, you should come up with 3 supporting points.
Supporting Details - Essay Writing by Lynette Surie on Prezi
Each paragraph should provide supporting evidence On what are the supporting paragraphs in a research essay the ideas that may be associated. Make an essay
Supporting Details: Definition & Examples - Video & Lesson
Basic Essay Format Note: This and leaves readers with a final thought and sense of closure by resolving any ideas brought up in the essay. Supporting details
Writing an Outline - Stark State College
CLICK HERE CLICK HERE CLICK HERE CLICK HERE CLICK HERE. What Are Supporting Ideas In An Essay. Supporting Detail in Composition and Speech – …In a
How to Write a Summary, Analysis, and Response Essay Paper
Home / Uncategorized / Supporting sentence in an essay should. On November 12, 2017 November 12, 2017. 0. In Uncategorized By. Describe your mothers personality essay
What are major and minor supporting details? | Reference.com
In the main body of the essay, Then you provide supporting evidence or examples that bolster the subtopic. Though these examples may include opinions,
General Essay Writing Tips - Essay Writing Center
In a composition or speech, a supporting detail is a fact, and definitions to support their ideas. What Is a Collage Essay in Composition?
Guidelines for the Common Essay - CSUN
20.09.2012 · float only if their details bear weight. Essays A real solid base of supporting details allows the essay to stand out. Support Personal observations
The Five Paragraph Essay
Tips From Tutors. Home; Signal phrases tell the reader who is speaking and indicate where your ideas end and someone relating it to the essay’s
Generating and Developing Ideas - Welcome to Writing@CSU
Organizing an Essay Put each supporting note on a separate white card, You can then sort your ideas when you are ready to start planning.
Main ideas and supporting details - manoa.hawaii.edu
30.10.2017 · Guidelines for the Common Essay the First Draft or Shaping Stage where those ideas are placed into rough supporting paragraphs that follow the
How To Get Ideas For Your Essay | IT Training and
Without strong and vivid supporting details, it hardly matters what a great topic sentence a writer has created for a paragraph. It's the supporting details, in
Basic Essay Format - uvu.edu - Utah Valley University
25.01.2005 · It will explain how to write supporting details that are appropriate to the In an essay or paper, this is what Break it down into a few main ideas
How to Write an Essay (with Pictures) - wikiHow
The Five Paragraph Essay Brainstorm to find the best supporting ideas The best supporting ideas are the ones about which you have some knowledge.
How to Write a 5 Paragraph Essay | Time4Writing
How to Write TOEFL Essay Supporting Ideas: The reason they are called supporting ideas is because they “support” the topic sentences. As a rule the supporting
Supporting sentences in an essay - Naima's Favorite Books!
Video embedded · Find out what supporting details are and their role in essay writing. Learn the different ways to include supporting details, then take a quiz to
Checklist for Thesis-Support Essay: Basic Expectations
22.10.2017 · You may have to work on an assigned essay for with supporting facts makes you to write your essay. Think about the main ideas as a priority before
Tutor Tips: English - University of Vermont
MAIN IDEAS AND SUPPORTING DETAILS teachers gave lower grades to essay supposedly written by boys . Learning Assistance Center University of Hawaii, ManoaTIXIK.com » Cities » Czech Republic » Ústí nad Labem Region » Most District » Litvinov
This information is provided by the community of TIXIK users and is waiting for confirmation by the owner. You should rather check the information at the offical website.
Anything missing? Feel free to add your review of Litvinov. Thank you for any comments.Ireland: New EU law set to quash Ryanair wheelchair levy
Ryanair introduced the levy on all of its passengers last year after losing a landmark High Court action in London. The court ruled that airline customers rather than British airports should be responsible for the costs involved in carrying disabled passengers.
Ryanair then imposed a fee of 73c per passenger to cover what it claims were the additional costs incurred because of the ruling, but subsequently reduced this figure by 50% after the airline fought a successful appeal. This effectively ruled that airlines and airports should share the cost. Based on passenger numbers, the airline takes in an estimated €17m a year through the charge.
“We would be very happy with this because it takes any grey area out of the equation as to who…When I was about four years old, I became very good friends with a girl at school, Rie. Her family came from Japan. Her Mummy organised a birthday party for her and it was the first real birthday party I went to as a child. It was great fun and when it was time to leave Rie's Mum gave each of us a present: an origami crane mobile. Would you believe I still have that mobile after nearly 40 years (time passes, no calculations please!) and it is in really good condition, even though it is made out of paper.
When Rie moved back to Japan with her family we wrote to each other for a while and then suddenly my cards returned with an "unknown address" stamp on them. I lost contact with her completely but that little party favour has kept the special memory of one of my first friends bright.
The Origami Crane is a symbol of good luck and so we thought we could spread some good luck to friends for our DIY Origami Party too.
Here is what you will need to make the Origami Crane Mobile Party Favour:
- 3 origami paper cranes (search for "origami crane" to find lots of clear instructions for folding an origami crane)
- 3 small beads
- a piece of wire about 5 inches long (12cm)
- nylon thread
- a needle
- a pair of pliers
- a metal ring (like the ones on keyrings)
Take the piece of straight wire and turn both ends of the wire (which must be a little stiff so it doesn't bend under the weight of the cranes) around the point of your pliers. Then thread your needle with the nylon thread and thread it through the centre top of the body of your crane and then come through the hole underneath the crane. Thread a small bead on this end of the nylon thread and tie a double knot around the bead so it stays in place under the crane. If the bead passes through the hole underneath the crane then use a larger bead.
Once you've threaded the crane, tie the other end of the nylon thread to the closed ring you've made on one end of the wire. Repeat with a second origami crane, fixing it to the other end of the wire. Now pass another nylon thread through the third crane, tie the bead underneath the crane leaving a length of thread you'll tie in the middle of the wire. Tie the ring to the other end of the nylon thread and use the ring to hang up your mobile. Here is your Origami Crane Mobile Party Favour!
We made pretty boxes to gift our Origami Crane Mobile Party Favours using Chinese Take-Away Boxes from Self Packaging. Among many colours, we chose pink and white and love how they turned out. The boxes were really fun to assemble. We decorated the handles (included with the noodle boxes) with wooden beads.
Gift some good luck with these Origami Crane Party Favours!
Your origami has been lovely and great to see the little ones taking an interest in this . When I was young no matter how carefully i folded my paper it always sat askewSubmitted by jerryterrizo1013 • June 24, 2013
The world of advertisement has climbed from auto rickshaw to AIR and TV and internet and now the ultimate and smartest of all the moves is using the social websites that attract huge crowds of all ages.
- Category: SEO
- Tags: seo agency, social media agency new yorkMe being dapper
Who is Dr. Cool?
The Man behind CoolGamesWorld, friendly Mensan and all-around intellectual. A damn fine friend of the community indeed. Dr. Cool is the premier authority on global gaming trends and is a leading expert in all things cool. He is the founder of CoolGamesWorld.com and has been CEO since its inception. In his spare time, Dr. Cool can be seen playing video games, blogging, and busting out moves in the MMA dojo. If you catch him at the right time, he just might show you how to solve a Rubik’s Cube. Dr. Cool has a strong liking for homestyle potato crisps, Japanese cup-a-jellos, and drinking fine tea with the best of them.
This is his blog, a portal where he discusses prevalent issues embedded in the multi-faceted realm of cool.
Games. Gadgets. Technologies …. Cool Recalibrated.
Tweet with me @ Twitter.com/doctorcool
Network with me @ Myspace.com/coolgamesworld
Like my blog? Link to it!
All hail Dr. Cool.
I like your thinking Mr.Freak, indeed we must hail Dr.Cool
Are you REALLY a Mensan? =/
Dr.Cool balling it up since swimming classes on mondays
it is a very good weblog and that i like it very much!
I respect your work.Fountain for punch or cocktail XXL
Fountain for punch or cocktail, manufactured in France (Thiers) by Stellinox. Model of 32 liters.
White tube lit diffusing through RGB Light Bulb.
Provides permanent circulation of cocktail with 4 burners that diners come to serve.
The basin stainless steel remains cool and can contain ice.
Not suitable for gaseous liquid or champagne.
Wooden case 55 x 55 x 80 cm 22 kg.
Manufactured in Thiers, France, by Stellinox
- Fountain for punch or cocktail XXLPhone:1300 858 288
Address
Showroom:
Room 302, level 3, 109 Pitt Street
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
to the mailing list
quote and a $50 Voucher
Cubic Promote specialises in branding onto promotional items or promotional merchandise. For more information on the different types of branding please refer to the bottom tab category on "Branding Methods " The info below outlines what computer files are acceptable for our corporate branded merchandise.
To print with precision and accuracy your logo or graphic needs to be in either EPS or Adobe Illustrator AI file some PDF's saved with vector lines may be acceptable. Text and logo must be layered and outlined. Bmp, Tiff, Jpeg, PDF, GIF file cannot be accepted. If you require small touch ups to your artwork or a simple colour change we would be able to provide this service for free to you. However if you required editing of your image which is a little bit more complicated our external designer will charge a small fee depending on the amount of change required. If you are unsure where to locate the EPS or PDF we would suggest you to contact your original graphic designer who should be able to assist. If not we can organise for your logo to be redrawn generally for a small fee of $45 + gst.
For spot printing, PMS colours (coated) must be quoted. We do not accept CMYK, RGB files unless it is for full colour print jobs.
If you do not know your PMS colour, please refer our PMS chart for a close approximation.
We can redraw your logo or image art work if you do not have access to the image in an Adobe Illustrator or PDF format. Generally the redraw fee is $ 45 however it may vary depending on complexity. Please submit your artwork and we can send you back accurate quote. This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
All fonts for text must be either outlined. If you use the special font, please supply ttf files for us.
We will provide a graphic image for you to examine the expected look of the final result. Production of your product in regards to branding on merchandise or production in the instance of custom created projects will NOT be commenced until you give us an approval. All artwork mock up will be sent via an email digital file to you.
Do you see a really cool promotional item on our internet site? A really funk branded item? or even something as simple as a clean design for a printed mouse mat. Well if you need design work and dont have access to an artist we can help out. We can charge a low rate of $45 per hour (normal design rates are over $90 per hour). A full quote will be provided before we undertake work.My wife and I have travelled to Malta many times from Canada, we have never stayed in accommodation like the Ringway. It was pure luxury from wall to wall,
The owners treat you like family and if you stay there say Hi! to Duke(spaniel)
We have already spoken to family about this Villla and of course let them see the pics. of the large bathrooms in black marble. Easy to travel into Valleta by bus and pubs and shops real close.
Francis and Michelle British Columbia Canada
- Official Description (provided by the hotel):
- The villa has large terraces round it and Air Condition in every bedroom from 2009. BBQ area and Shower outside near pool. The villa consists of 3 apartments. 1 x 2 bedroom and 2 x 3 bedrooms. Can be rented as a whole villa with private pool or individual apartments sharing the pool. ... more
less
- Also Known As:
- Ringway Villa Malta/MelliehaTwisted X Burgundy Red River Cowboy Boots - Square Toe
Twisted X
Details/twisted-x-burgundy-red-river-cowboy-boots---square-toe/036S82.html
- Twisted X Burgundy Red River Cowboy Boots - Square Toe
- Item # 036S82
$324.99 Original Price -$125.02 Sale Savings
$199.97 Final Price
38% Total Savings
We are not able to ship this product to the following countries at this time:
Australia , New Zealand
Additional Information
Features & Description
- Burgundy brush-off leather construction
- Western-inspired stitch pattern on upper
- V-cut collar and pull tabs
- SD footbed is moisture-wicking and antimicrobial
- XSD composite shank insole
- Rubber midsole
- Leather outsole
- Attached wood heel and rubber heel cap
- Square toe
The latest technology and modern designs are just a couple of reasons Twisted X boots are a great fit for you. These stylish, yet durable Red River Cowboy Boots are designed with interesting leathers and unique patterns. These striking men's western boots are also built to be comfortable and moisture-wicking Twisted X Technology Cowboy Comfort footbeds. Look awesome when you step out onto the ranch in these Twisted X Cowboy Boots.The Kwara state Governor Abdulfatah Ahmed has said there was no basis for the 14-day ultimatum issued by the state’s chapter of the Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT) over salary arrears owed primary school teachers’ in the state.
Ahmed, in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Communications, Dr. Muhideen Akorede, said the teachers’ ultimatum was unwarranted and misplaced as the state government is not responsible for the salaries of primary school teachers and other local government workers.
While blaming the delayed salaries on the sustained drop in federal allocations to all tiers of government, Ahmed said the state government has always kept labour unions, including the state chapters of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and the NUT abreast of the salary crises and efforts to resolve them.
Ahmed said his administration has been augmenting the dwindling federal allocations to local government councils since 2014, the latest being the N800m released to supplement the shortfall in August 2015 federal allocation to the local government councils in the state.
He therefore rejected the NUT’s allegation that the state government was discriminating between secondary and primary school teachers as incorrect, stressing that the state government paid the salary arrears of its workers, including secondary school teachers, following receipt of its share of the bail out loan.
He stated that the approved N5b bail out loan for the 16 local government councils in the state was yet to be released by the CBN despite the government’s compliance with the required paperwork.
He therefore urged the teachers to withdraw the ultimatum and exercise patience as the government is doing all in its power to secure the release of the outstanding funds from the CBN.Since setting up the campaign to secure the future of Spiegelhalter's, the East End landmark (currently under threat from developers) I have been cheered by the amount of support (well over 2,000 signatures already), the overwhelmingly positive response from locals during our leaflet campaign and the consistently positive media coverage.
This has been extensive, and this seems a good time to gather together the most significant here.
BBC Television News
News report presented by Jean Mackenzie (01 Feb 2015)
BBC Radio London
The Breakfast Show 16 Jan 2015 (interview at 02:49:30)
The Robert Elms Show 20 Jan 2015 (interview at 01:21:00)
Newspapers, magazines etc
Architects Journal 15 Jan 2015
The Financial Times 17 Jan 2015
The Independent 16 Jan 2015
The Londonist 14 Jan 2015
The Observer 25 Jan 2015
Private Eye see the Nooks and Corners column in issues 1365, 1383 and 1384 (not currently available online)
Spitalfields Life (A brilliant blog by 'the gentle author') 14 Jan 2015
The Save Spiegelhalters campaign is supported by:
There's no space here to include the hundreds of tweets, emails of support and so on. I hope to blog selected supporter's comments from the campaign website (many of which are local memories of the Spiegelhalters) but until then can only say thank you, thank you, to everyone who, in one way of another, has supported this campaign.
one small victory in the fight against the hated developers and the councils which allow them to get away with taking over London...ate Woolever from our Art department.
Faculty Profile, Kate Woolever
Art Department
- What’s your favorite movie: The Notebook
- Favorite book: The Hunger Games
- Favorite color: Coral
- Favorite food: Watermelon
Why does Art matter?
Art is great class to get messy, creative, and learn how to “see” in a different way. There are also many other reasons why art is so important.. Students who participate in arts programs are at least three times more likely to be recognized for academic achievement, elected to class office within their schools, participate in a math and science fair, win an award for school attendance and win an award for writing an essay or poem. Studies show that students of the arts in all disciplines outperformed their non-arts peers on the SAT by 91 points in 2009. According to First Lady Michelle Obama, “Learning through the arts reinforces critical academic skills in reading, language arts, and math, and provides students with the skills to creatively solve problems.”
What do you do when you’re not working at SPP?
When I’m not working at SPP I love to bike and run around the lakes in Minneapolis.
How did you spend your summer?
Outside! I spend my summer working as an art director at a summer camp with campers going into Kindergarten to 6th grade. I also travel to different art shows selling baskets that are made in by my good friend Beatrice who lives in Ghana. All of the money is sent back to her in Ghana to keep her children in school.
Where is the best place you’ve ever lived or visited and why?
Ghana! This is where I spent my time student teaching. I lived with an amazing host family who was energetic, optimistic, and warm as they welcomed me into their home. These qualities truly reflected the majority of the personalities I met throughout the rest of the country. Later I read Ghana is one of the safest countries for a woman to travel independently. The artwork flooded the markets and streets: woven baskets, beautiful paintings and colorful batik. My co-workers and students were so passionate about their education and proud of their country; I felt right at home.
What’s the coolest thing you’ve ever done?
While I was studying apartheid and teaching art in Namibia I was able to climb the worlds tallest sand dune, “Big Daddy”. We had to camp a few miles away from the base of “Big Daddy” because we had to wake up in the night to begin walking due to hot temperatures. Luckily, we were able to make it to the top and down before the afternoon heat, as the sand can melt the bottom of your shoes.
What’s something you’re planning to do this school year?
I am very excited because this school year I am traveling with 4 other teachers and 30 high school students to Bangladesh to study climate change.
Have you ever experienced culture shock? When and how did you deal with it?
Yes many times. I have found many different ways to deal with it but my main one is to journal.
Tell me something unique about yourself.
I run 7 miles every day
Do you have any siblings?
Yes one brother who lives in Minneapolis who is also a teacher!!
Learn more about Ms. Woolever and St. Paul Preparatory Faculty and Staff.Parenting Tip of the Week: Teach Your Kids to Goal Set!
Plan to do a goal setting session with your kids. We’ve done ours as part of the New Year’s celebration, but you can choose a time that is good for your family. Goal setting is a great habit to teach your kids and the first of the year is a natur
al time to do it. We created sheets that we ask the kids to fill out each year. No, they were rarely excited to do it, but it
allowed us to have a glimpse into what they wanted to achieve this coming year and how we could pray for them. We also used it as an opportunity to find out some of their favorite things. Here’s a FREE DOWNLOAD if you’re interested in seeing the sheet we used.
Parenting Resource of the Week: Goal Setting Webinar
With the first of the year coming, here is a great resource for anyone, but certainly busy parents that want to consider how to goal set effectively this coming year. Michael Hyatt is as good as it gets in the area of self-improvement. Not a lot of frills and flash, but practical and useful. I (David) have used Michael’s material the past two years and it’s fantastic. He does offer a paid course, but this free webinar is well worth the time if you do nothing else. Check it out. FREE WEBINAR
Dani’s Digs ~ Parenting Product of the Week: Melissa & Doug Responsibility Chart
I thought this week I would stick to the theme of Goals! I asked mom and dad in our interview how you get younger kids involved and I know how hard that can be to implement goals at such a young age. I have a Melissa and Doug Responsibility chart that is a great way to have a visual for younger kids to get an idea of working towards something. It has things thatrange from sharing to loading the dishwasher so not only can you use it with really young kids it is also appropriate for elementary school kids as well! It has a string to hang up and it is magnetic to keep track of what they are doing! It is a fun way to implement some goals for your younger kids! Check it out HERE !!!!DALLAS, April 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) (the "Company") today reported its first quarter 2016 results:
- Record first quarter net income, excluding special items1, of $567 million, or $.88 per diluted share, compared with first quarter 2015 net income, excluding special items, of $451 million, or $.66 per diluted share. This exceeded the First Call consensus estimate of $.84 per diluted share.
- Record first quarter GAAP2 net income of $511 million, or $.79 per diluted share, compared with first quarter 2015 GAAP net income of $453 million, or $.66 per diluted share.
- Record first quarter GAAP operating income of $944 million. Excluding special items, record first quarter operating income of $952 million, resulting in a strong first quarter operating margin3 of 19.7 percent.
- Record first quarter free cash flow1 of $1.2 billion; returned $596 million to Shareholders through the combination of dividends and share repurchases.
- Return on invested capital, before taxes and excluding special items (ROIC)1, for the 12 months ended March 31, 2016, of 33.4 percent, compared with 25.6 percent for the 12 months ended March 31, 2015.
Gary C. Kelly, Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "We are delighted to report an outstanding start to 2016. Our first quarter net income, excluding special items, increased 25.7 percent to a first quarter record $567 million, or $.88 per diluted share. Our strong operating income produced a first quarter operating margin, excluding special items, of 19.7 percent, driven largely by record first quarter operating revenues and lower fuel prices. Our investment grade balance sheet, liquidity, and cash flow remain strong. We generated record first quarter free cash flow of $1.2 billion and returned $596 million to Shareholders through the combination of dividends and share buybacks during first quarter 2016. Next month, we expect to complete the repurchase of the remaining $200 million under our existing $1.5 billion share repurchase authorization. For the twelve months ended March 31, 2016, our ROIC was an exceptional 33.4 percent. My congratulations to our superb Employees on these tremendous results and their record first quarter profitsharing accrual of $155 million.
"As expected, operating revenues grew in line with our available seat mile growth of 9.2 percent, which is a very strong performance, especially considering the increase in stage length. The sustained strength of Customer demand for our one-of-a-kind service produced a record first quarter load factor of 80.5 percent. Solid bookings and revenue trends have continued, thus far, in April, and we currently expect modest operating unit revenue growth in second quarter 2016, year-over-year. We are very pleased with our industry outperformance and the ongoing response to our advertising campaign, which highlights TransfarencySM: low fares; nothing to hide; no change fees; bags fly free®; and free live TV4. That's Transfarency!
"We are also pleased with our first quarter unit cost decrease, excluding special items, of 2.6 percent, which benefited primarily from lower jet fuel prices, and also from ongoing fleet modernization benefits and better ontime performance. First quarter economic fuel costs1 declined 11.0 percent to $1.78 per gallon. We currently expect our second quarter 2016 economic fuel costs per gallon to be in the same range5, and below the $2.02 per gallon in second quarter 2015. Excluding fuel, special items, and profitsharing, our first quarter unit costs declined slightly, and we continue to expect modest inflation in our annual 2016 unit costs, as compared with the same year-ago periods.
"In January, we announced our intention to retire our 'Classic' Boeing 737-300 fleet in 2018. Today, we are announcing the retirement date has been accelerated to 2017 to simplify our operations and resolve uncertainty surrounding Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) pilot training requirements for flying both the Classic and Boeing 737-8 (MAX) aircraft. We have been working with our Pilots' union, Southwest Airlines Pilots' Association (SWAPA), to mitigate this issue through segmenting the Classic flying, but that effort has been unsuccessful. Given the FAA is not expected to complete training requirements until next year, the only solution now is to avoid flying both the Classics and the MAX. Therefore, the Classics will be retired in 2017 prior to the MAX being placed into revenue service. Indeed, this is a viable and manageable solution, although not preferred. This accelerated retirement of the Classics will result in fewer aircraft and lower available seat mile (capacity) growth in 2017 than previously planned. We are evaluating our fleet plans and intend to continue managing to average annual fleet growth for the three-year period ending 2018 of no more than two percent. Our annual capacity growth over that period is still expected to fall below this year's five to six percent. We will evaluate future growth opportunities, and any resulting capital spending, in a prudent and disciplined manner.
"We reached another exciting milestone in our international expansion last week with the launch of daily service from Los Angeles International Airport to Liberia/Guanacaste, Costa Rica, creating our 13th mainland gateway serving Latin America and the Caribbean. We also filed an application with the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) during first quarter 2016 requesting governmental approval to serve Cuba. Subject to approval, we intend to initiate service to Cuba later this year. In addition, as the largest carrier of passengers journeying within and to/from California6, we recently announced new daily service linking Long Beach Airport and Oakland, beginning June 2016. Long Beach will become our 10th airport within California, and the 98th destination in our network.
"Overall, we remain very pleased with the performance of our network. Based on current trends and our outlook for second quarter 2016, we expect another quarter of strong margins and cash flows. We are investing in our future and will remain diligent in our efforts to deliver sustained value to our Employees, Customers, and Shareholders. Congratulations again to our wonderful Employees on a terrific first quarter performance."
Financial Results
The Company's total operating revenues were a first quarter record $4.8 billion, a 9.3 percent increase compared with first quarter 2015, driven largely by first quarter 2016 passenger revenues of $4.4 billion. Operating unit revenues (RASM) were comparable to first quarter 2015, on a 9.2 percent year-over-year increase in available seat miles. Based on current trends, the Company expects modestly positive second quarter 2016 RASM, as compared with second quarter 2015 RASM.
First quarter 2016 total operating revenues included approximately $125 million recorded as a result of the amendment of the Company's co-branded credit card agreement with Chase Bank USA, N.A. (Chase) during third quarter 2015 and a resulting required change in accounting methodology. This $125 million net benefit reflects an approximate $175 million increase to other revenues offset by an approximate $50 million reduction to passenger revenues. An estimated second quarter 2016 total operating revenue benefit from the amended Chase agreement of approximately $125 million is included in the Company's second quarter 2016 RASM outlook.
Total operating expenses in first quarter 2016 increased 6.8 percent to $3.9 billion, compared with first quarter 2015. Excluding special items in both periods, total operating expenses increased 6.3 percent to $3.9 billion, compared with first quarter 2015. This cost performance includes the impact of the first quarter 2016 ratification of collective bargaining agreements with the Company's Ramp, Operations, Provisioning, and Cargo Agents, as well as its Flight Instructors.
First quarter 2016 economic fuel costs were $1.78 per gallon, including $.56 per gallon in unfavorable cash settlements from fuel derivative contracts, compared with $2.00 per gallon in first quarter 2015, including $.10 per gallon in unfavorable cash settlements from fuel derivative contracts. Based on the Company's existing fuel derivative contracts and market prices as of April 18, 2016, second quarter 2016 economic fuel costs are estimated to be in the $1.75 to $1.80 per gallon range, as compared with second quarter 2015's $2.02 per gallon. As of April 18, 2016, the fair market value of the Company's fuel derivative contracts for the remainder of 2016 was a net liability of approximately $740 million, and a net liability of $640 million for the hedge portfolio in 2017 and 2018, combined. Additional information regarding the Company's fuel derivative contracts is included in the accompanying tables.
Excluding fuel and oil expense and special items in both periods, first quarter 2016 operating costs increased 9.3 percent from first quarter 2015. First quarter 2016 profitsharing expense was $155 million, compared with $126 million in first quarter 2015. Excluding fuel and oil expense, special items, and profitsharing expense, first quarter 2016 operating costs increased 8.7 percent from first quarter 2015, and decreased 0.5 percent on a unit basis. Based on current trends and excluding fuel and oil expense, special items, and profitsharing expense, the Company expects its second quarter 2016 and annual 2016 unit costs to increase approximately two percent, and approximately one percent, respectively, as compared with the same year-ago periods and largely due to accelerated depreciation expense associated with the planned early retirement of the Classic fleet.
Operating income was a first quarter record $944 million, compared with $780 million in first quarter 2015. Excluding special items, operating income was a first quarter record $952 million, compared with $770 million in first quarter 2015.
Other expenses in first quarter 2016 were $128 million, compared with $57 million in first quarter 2015. The $71 million increase primarily resulted from $114 million in other losses recognized in first quarter 2016, compared with $32 million in first quarter 2015. In both periods, these losses included ineffectiveness and unrealized mark-to-market amounts associated with a portion of the Company's fuel hedge portfolio, which are special items. Excluding these special items, first quarter 2016 had $34 million in other losses, compared with $26 million in first quarter 2015, primarily attributable to the premium costs associated with the Company's fuel derivative contracts. Second quarter 2016 premium costs related to fuel derivative contracts are currently estimated to be in the $45 million to $50 million range, compared with $22 million in second quarter 2015. Net interest expense in first quarter 2016 was $14 million, compared with $25 million in first quarter 2015.
Balance Sheet and Cash Flows
As of March 31, 2016, the Company had approximately $3.6 billion in cash and short-term investments, and a fully available unsecured revolving credit line of $1 billion. Net cash provided by operations during first quarter 2016 was $1.6 billion, capital expenditures were $438 million, and assets constructed for others, net of reimbursements, were $1 million, resulting in free cash flow of $1.2 billion. The Company repaid $56 million in debt and capital lease obligations during first quarter 2016, and intends to repay approximately $550 million in debt and capital lease obligations during the remainder of 2016. The Company will fund the $620 million ProfitSharing contribution as a result of its 2015 results to its ProfitSharing Plan in second quarter 2016.
During first quarter 2016, the Company returned $596 million to its Shareholders through the payment of $96 million in dividends and the repurchase of $500 million in common stock. During first quarter 2016, the Company repurchased $500 million in common stock pursuant to an accelerated share repurchase program launched during the quarter (first quarter 2016 ASR program), and received approximately 9.6 million shares, representing an estimated 75 percent of the shares expected to be repurchased. The Company intends to complete the first quarter 2016 ASR program by April 25, 2016, and subsequently launch an additional $200 million accelerated share repurchase program (second quarter 2016 ASR program), thereby completing its existing $1.5 billion share repurchase program authorized in May 2015. The Company intends to complete the second quarter 2016 ASR program next month.
Fleet
The Company ended first quarter 2016 with 714 aircraft in its fleet. This reflects the delivery of 7 new Boeing 737-800s and 13 pre-owned Boeing 737-700s, as well as the retirement of 10 Boeing 737 Classic aircraft during the first quarter. The Company continues to manage to a year-end 2016 fleet of roughly 720 aircraft. As announced in January 2016, the Company decided to accelerate the retirement of its Classic aircraft to no later than mid-2018. The planned retirement date of its Classic fleet has now been accelerated to no later than third quarter 2017. While the Company expects aircraft at the end of 2017 to decline from year-end 2016 as a result of this decision, it intends to manage to an average annual fleet growth for the three-year period ending 2018 of no more than two percent. Additional information regarding the Company's aircraft delivery schedule is included in the accompanying tables.
Awards and Recognitions
- Named to FORTUNE's list of World's Most Admired Companies for the 22nd consecutive year. Southwest was ranked as the #7 Most Admired Company, and is the only commercial airline to make the Top Ten.
- Named a Best Employer in Forbes' 2016 list.
- Named Best Low-Cost Carrier in North America for the third consecutive year in Premier Traveler's Best of 2015.
- Received the Air Cargo Excellence Gold Award by Air Cargo World magazine, making this the 12th consecutive year Southwest Airlines Cargo® has been honored in the annual Air Cargo Excellence Survey.
- Named Best Airline (Domestic) and Best Loyalty Airline Card in MONEY Magazine's Best in Travel Awards.
- Named among the top 10 on Chief Executive Magazine's Best Companies for Leaders.
Conference Call
The Company will discuss its first quarter 2016 results on a conference call at 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time today. A live broadcast of the conference call also will be available at
1See Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional information on special items, ROIC, and free cash flow. In addition, information regarding special items, ROIC, and economic results is included in the accompanying reconciliation tables.
2Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States.
3Operating margin, excluding special items, is calculated as operating income, excluding special items, divided by operating revenues. See Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures.
4Fare difference may apply. First and second checked bags. Weight and size limits apply. Limited time. Where available.
5Based on the Company's existing fuel derivative contracts and market prices as of April 18, 2016.
6Based on the latest statistics reported by the U.S. Department of Transportation. expectations with respect to returning value to Shareholders; (ii) the Company's financial outlook, expectations, strategies, and projected results of operations, including specific factors expected to impact the Company's results of operations; (iii) the Company's fleet and capacity plans and expectations and the factors expected to impact such plans and expectations; (iv) the Company's expectations related to its management of risk associated with changing jet fuel prices; (v) the Company's network plans and opportunities; (including with respect to the Company's co-branded credit card); (ii) the impact of economic conditions, fuel prices, actions of competitors (including without limitation pricing, scheduling, and capacity decisions and consolidation), governmental actions, and other factors beyond the Company's control, on the Company's business decisions, plans, and strategies; (iii) the impact of labor matters on the Company's business decisions, plans, and strategies; (iv) the Company's dependence on third parties, in particular with respect to its fleet plans; (v) changes in aircraft fuel prices, the impact of hedge accounting, and any changes to the Company's fuel hedging strategies and positions; and (vi) other factors, as described in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the detailed factors discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.
NOTE REGARDING USE OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
The Company's unaudited consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with, 2015.
In addition to its "economic" financial measures, as defined above, the Company has also provided other non-GAAP financial measures, including results that it refers to as "excluding special items," as a result of items that the Company believes are not indicative of its ongoing operations. These include a one-time special revenue adjustment due to the July 2015 amendment of the Company's co-branded credit card agreement with Chase Bank USA, N.A. and a resulting change in accounting methodology, union contract bonuses recorded for certain workgroups, expenses associated with the Company's acquisition and integration of AirTran incurred in 2015, and a gain resulting from a litigation settlement received in January 2015.. The Company does not expect to incur any further Acquisition and integration costs related to the AirTran acquisition.
The Company has also provided free cash flow and ROIC, March 31, 2016, the Company generated $1.2 billion in free cash flow, calculated as operating cash flows of $1.6 billion less capital expenditures of $438 million less assets constructed for others of $11 million plus reimbursements for assets constructed for others of $10 (see Return on Invested Capital).
SW-QFS
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:
SOURCE Southwest Airlines Co.
Related Links
Share this articleA Reflection on Toni Morrison
Toni Morrison is hailed by some as the ‘nearest thing America has to a National novelist’ (The New York Times). Her latest book, God Help the Child, is being published by Chatto and Windus at the end of this month, and it is her 11th novel. Toni Morrison majored in English at Howard in 1953; she then proceeded to teach English and began writing. Her first novel The Bluest Eye was published in 1976. Praised for her vivid storytelling and the sensitive treatment of her characters, Morrison has won nearly every book prize possible. In 1993 she was awarded the Nobel Prize for literature; and she also received the presidential Medal of Freedom from Barack Obama in 2012.
Morrison won the Pulitzer Prize for literature with her acclaimed novel Beloved. It is considered her greatest novel, and I think it is definitely one of her most powerful. It explores themes of love (and its limits) and the supernatural; the protagonist Sethe is haunted by her decision to kill her children, rather than seeing them being sold to slavery. Inspired by Margaret Garner, who escaped slavery and fled to Ohio, authorities were given the right to pursue her and her children across state borders under the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850. Sethe sacrifices her daughter in order to save her from the shackled oppression of slavery and to ‘put my babies where they would be safe’. Beloved returns as a spirit who haunts Sethe’s home, what follows is a narrative of fragmented memories that explain Sethe’s daunting decision. As the story of the past is unravelled to us through flashbacks through multiple characters, Beloved grows to become a disruptive and abusive spirit which haunts the residents of Sethe’s house and their Cincinnati town. The novel is dedicated is to ‘sixty million and more’; a dedication to the Africans who perished as a result of the Atlantic Slave Trade. Aimed directly into the abyss of slavery, Beloved highlights the physical and psychological effects of slavery, its immediate repercussions, and even its relevance decades later.
Jazz, is the 2nd book in Toni Morrison’s ‘trilogy’, Beloved being the first. This is not a trilogy in the sense that there are recurring characters and connecting stories, but the novels share themes and settings under the umbrella of the (or an) ‘African American experience’. Jazz follows Joe Trace, who is a door to door salesman, who shoots his lover Dorcas. Violet, known for her unstable mental state, tries to disfigure the corpse with a knife at the girl’s funeral. A story of jealousy, slavery and redemption, the narrative travels with intensity as it daringly captures the lives of the inhabitants of 1920s Harlem, (often considered the capital of Black America). While not as engaging as Beloved and her 1977 novel Song of Solomon, Morrison interestingly uses jazz music as a background image which sets the rhythm for the storytelling. She doesn’t use jazz as a subject matter but uses its style and tenor to write the ‘feeling’ of the particular period, since the novel is set in the middle of what Fitzgerald considered the ‘Jazz Age’. The rhythmic and experimental qualities of jazz in the 20s become the milieu of her novel. The narrative explores sex and sexuality; music here is the symptom or cause of destabilizing change. Jazz is seen as being associated with the release of restraints on sexual behaviour and the unshackling of traditional expectations. Jazz is used as a floating signifier in the moods and textures that reflect black culture and is used at a compositional level.
Morrison’s new novel God Help the Child focuses on notion of self-image, childhood trauma and how this shapes the life of the adult. Bride, a young girl with blue-black skin, is neglected by her light-skinned parents who are ashamed of her. Ideas about self-image are explored in Toni Morrison’s first novel The Bluest Eye, but ideas concerning the death of a child mean this novel has a lot in common with Beloved. A love story is also intertwined into the story with Booker, who is grieving for his dead brother, being the object of affection. God Help the Child, published by Chatto and Windus, is her 2nd novel set in a contemporary setting, the prerequisite being Tar Baby in 1981.
Morrison recently claimed, not apologetically, that she is ‘writing for black people,’ and these novels are a testament to her commitment to the African American community. Her novels continue to focus on the subject of racial prejudice and she continues to give life to an essential aspect of American reality.
God Help the Child is published on the 30th April.Aur. Buy on Amazon. Buy from Publisher (and other retailers)
SEARCHING FOR NORMAL: A Memoir by Alison Neuman They thought she was going to die. At three-and-a-half years old, bed-ridden shivering in a cold sweat, Alison Neuman's tiny fingers wrap around her mother's for strength. But even at this age, Alison is determined to beat the odds. When years of hospitalization robs her of most of her childhood, she finds joy. When children and adults avoid her like the plague.. Read more and Buy.. Read more and Buy
Some secrets are meant to be buried.? Read more and Buy
When.. Read more and Buy. Read more andAmerica’s Next Top Model—A Pseudo Event
As a fashion addict, I actively absorb any fashion-related information for the sake of possible career opportunity in the fashion industry oneday. As a result, despite my awareness of the fact that reality TV is merely a representation of fake reality, I still tune in every week to watch Tyra Banks’ reality show, ‘America’s Next Top Model (ANTM),’ and apparantly have no trouble being manipulated.
According to Boorstin (1987), a ‘pseudo-event’ is planned, staged, or provoked rather than being spontaneous. It is the artificial representation of reality that replaces the ‘real thing.’ Reality TV, as its title suggested, is ‘the perceived reality made for TV’ and therefore more or less scripted. With no exceptions, ANTM’s content is planned and presented with the same principle and mechanism as any other reality shows. By revealing the private life of its contestants as well as the ‘inside look’ of the fashion industry the show intends to portray, ANTM satisfied not only the audience’s curiosity in the notorious yet glamorous modeling world but human’s inner desire to pry into others’ privacy. The contestants, based on their individual personalities, all played a certain character on the show to some degree. Some of the roles could be a completely false or different representation of who they really are in life while some might only be the exaggerated illustration of their own personality. Whether it was the ‘bitch,’ the ‘conservative,’ the ‘diva,’ the ‘nuts,’ the problematic one, the quiet one, the bubbly one or the good one, the contestants all acted out their roles for the viewers to watch and perceive as reality. Even Banks, ANTM’s host and producer, admitted that she was role-playing on the show. Coaching the girls through photo shoots, offering both modeling and life advices to them, having heart-to-heart talk with them, and hugging them when they are in need of comfort, Banks played the role of a ‘Big Mama,’ as she called herself. In the previous seasons, while Janice Dickinson was still in the show, Banks played the good cop and Dickinson played the bad cop. Regarding her role on the show, Banks (O'Hare, 2006, para. 11) explained, “[But] [W]ith Top Model, that’s more of a character. That is not who I am in real life…it’s a reality-show character…it’s just something that works for the show”
Not only the show itself is a pseudo-event, the photo shoots and fashion runways in ANTM as well as Banks herself are also part of the pseudo-events. The majority of these shoots and runway shows were created and held solely as a challenge for the contestants; therefore, lots of theatrics were added for the viewer’s eyes. Moreover, in order to ‘stir things up’ and create topics for the media and general public, some of the photo shoots were taken place in inhuman settings. Whether it is wearing bikini and posing in an ice-sculptured room or floating and being photographed under frozen cold water, the contestants were still expected to finish the shoots to show ‘the judges’ their seriousness and devotion to the contest/show, regardless of their physical limitation. Under such circumstances, some of them collapsed and were sent to the emergency room after the shoots. The camera somehow accidentally caught everything, the whole ‘incident,’ and the audience witnessed it with the camera. Is that still what we call reality? I do not think so.
Furthermore, referring to Banks, the purpose of having all contestants (women, of course) living under the same roof and going through the judges’ harsh criticism was to reflect the toughness and reality of the modeling world. The industry was portrayed as a place of cat fights, craftiness, competition and no friends. In the end, in what degree did the show reflect reality? We might never know, unless we work in the industry. All we see was a staged, preconceived reality that the show wanted us to see, a pseudo-event that interests us and manipulated our perceptions.
In addition, Tyra Banks herself is a celebrity “who is known for her well-knowness,” a human pseudo-event (Boorstin, 1987, p. 57). As a supermodel, her perfect body represents the exaggerated expectation of women. Also, being the face of Victoria’s Secret and one of the few world-famous Black supermodels that has appeared on countless magazine covers, Banks has reached the pinnacle of her model career and received fame. By appearing in the show and interacting with Banks, the contestants has somewhat transformed into celebrities as well. As Boorstin (1987) indicated, a celebrity creates other celebrities “by touch, relationship, inference” (cited in Durbin, 2006, p.24). Therefore, the contestants have also turned into human pseudo-events and their image would be continuously reproduced in the show.
Yet, how real was the reality show? ANTM’s relation to the underlying reality is ambiguous.
After all, in reality, no one will put you under a surveillance camera 24-7 to film your unfaithful foreign affairs, cat-fights with others, crazy party nights, sharing of your deepest secrets and fears, or any other emotional or physical crisis. In real life, you will not have someone to tell you ‘one of you will be eliminated’ week by week. Yes, the modeling world can be quite competitive, but probably not in this way.-line, there is a contract out on Ma'randru-jo.
Caravan DialogueEdit
The following are interactions observed between Ma'randru-jo and the other caravan members.."!"Manga Monday- Fist of the North Star
Fist of the North Star, the story centers on original manga was published in English by Viz Communications as a monthly comic book, and later by Gutsoon! Entertainment as a series of colorized graphic novels, although neither translation was completed.
Plot
Part 1
In the 1990.
Japanese illustrator Takayo Akiyama creates gorgeously involved maps celebrating British regions and culture. Her amazingly detailed London Nautical chart shows portholes looking onto the city maps as they are surrounded by elegant sea creatures. Her West of England Flannel map, commissioned by luxury brand Alfred Dunhill lovingly depicts the region, complete with cats and foxes as people in traditional dress.PPL-funded NICU inaugurated at Indus.
Speaking on the occasion, Bokhari highlighted PPL’s role as a responsible national entity and its abiding commitment to the well-being of underserved communities, particularly with respect to mother and child healthcare.
Earlier in December 2016, PPL donated Rs. 12.4 million to IH as part of its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) programme to fund the operationalization of a state-of-the-art NICU at IH’s SSMC located near Korangi, Karachi, catering to over 0.5 million people living in the vicinity beside those coming from other areas.
IH was established in 2007 to extend free-of-cost quality treatment to the underserved. Currently, IH serves around 1000 in- and out-patients daily through its eight facilities across the country.Mentorship Services / Skills Training
This service is designed to support adolescents and adults needing the support of other dedicated adults. The goal of this program is to support and guide clients, especially in the decision-making process. We work especially well with those individuals with disabilities who are in need of support, affirmation, direction and guidance.
Positive alternative options – provide alternative and positive ways for young people to spend free time
Help/support – for youth and adolescents facing daily obstacles in school, at home or in the community
Provide skills, knowledge and guidance – to kindle enthusiasm and share knowledge in order to ensure that individual mentees’ dreams are realized to the fullest potential
While there are many things your mentor will be able to do, there are also some things he/she will not do. For example, your mentor will not engage in such things as:
- Making critical decisions for you
- Enabling you to do things you both know you should not be doing
- Taking the place of your parent, social worker/legal guardian
- Forcing you into doing things you do not want to do
Expected Outcomes: What can you expect by participating in the mentorship program?
- Improved school attendance
- Enhanced academic achievement
- Increased self-confidence
- Support for positive behavior
- Reduction in the rate of recidivism
- Stability and improved social skills
- Support and encouragement for achieving goalsAs a Sophomore: SSC Commissioner's Honor Roll... All SSC Second Team selection... Earned the DII ADA Academic Achievement Award... Appeared and started in 16 games for the Spartans... Lead the team in caused turnovers with 20 on the season... Picked up 25 ground balls and won 14 draw controls for the Spartans... Tallied a team-high of five ground balls against Concordia St. Paul (3/18) in the 20-7 win... Posted four ground balls, three caused turnovers, and won three draw controls in the 16-3 win over Young Harris (3/1).
As a Freshman: SSC Commissioner’s Honor Roll… SSC Defensive Player of the Week 4/18… Appeared in 15 games in her first collegiate season, starting in all 15 contests of the year… Ranked second on the team with 31 ground balls, leading all defenders in the category… Notched 15 caused turnovers and 12 draw controls… Posted a career-high six ground balls against Saint Leo on April 16, adding two caused turnovers in the 8-7 win… Posted five ground balls, three caused turnovers and three draw controls against Indiana (Pa.) on March 11.
High School/Club Highlights: Played for Coaches Jamie Giffuni and Melissa Diepold at Towson High School...Participated in the Senior All-Star Game. Played for Coaches Michael McLaughlin and Kayla Stollins for Skywalkers Club team.
Personal: Daughter of Thomas and Tammy Coccagna...Has two older siblings, Maggie and Emily...Advertising and public relations major...Born March 13.Development of evaluation model for mini/micro hydro power potential in kenya
Date1999
Author
Kaberere, Keren Kanuthu G.
MetadataShow full item record
Abstract
As witnessed by the developed countries, rural electrification (RE) is of paramount importance for the development of a nation. It serves many social and economic purposes. Since the majority of the people in developing countries live in the rural areas, there is a need for these nations to address themselves to the real problems of rural electrification. The dominant method used for lighting up these areas is national grid extension which quite often proves to be very expensive due to the dispersed nature of rural population distribution and very low power consumption. Diesel generators have also been used to serve remote areas but these are not very appropriate because they require skilled maintenance and their running costs are very high especially where fuel is imported. Even the oil producing countries do seek alternatives due to the realization that oil is a depletable resource. Cheaper and more appropriate technologies for lighting up the rural areas must therefore be sought and most countries are turning to renewable resources. Of all the renewable sources, mini/micro hydroelectric power (MHP) has been found to be the cheapest and moreover, it raises very little environmental concern. In this study an evaluation model for MHP has been developed for applications in Kenya. This model performs the technical design of plants of capacity up to 500kW. It is based on relevant mathematical formulae and engineering considerations applicable to hydro power plants of this range. The power demand of the potential consumers should be estimated as a pre-condition for the use of the model. The model matches the discharge rate corresponding to the potential power demand and the river discharge rate to determine the design discharge rate. Where the demand surpasses the supply, a 70 percent exceedance design discharge rate is recommended. Storage reservoirs have been found to increase the project cost drastically due to the fact that a darn would have to be constructed and the excavation work involved. They should therefore be avoided. The study concentrates -eftoo-A. C. generation. single phase for plants upto 10kW and three phase above this rating. The choice of an induction generator can be made whenever it costs less than the equivalent synchronous generator which has been found to be upto 25kW. For plants of capacity up to 200kW, Electronic Load Controllers (ELC) may be used with synchronous generators and beyond 200kW a speed governor is recommended. The use of a step-up transformer is only considered when the power to be transmitted exceeds 40kW. The effect of interest rate charged on capital and discount rate have also been investigated and it has been found that the higher these rates are, the lower the Net Present Worth (NPW) of a project becomes. The unit cost of generation of power decreases as the annual capacity factor improves and as the useful life of a project increases. Unit cost of diesel generation was found to be higher than MHP for values of capacity factor above 17.5% for the plant studied. Although the unit cost of generation for both MHP and diesel decreases individually as the annual capacity factor improves, the difference in cost between the two sources widens as the annual capacity factor Improves.[I'm cross-posting this news from The Galaxy Express]
I'm super excited to share that the SFR Galaxy Awards have begun! Visit the official blog to learn about the many science fiction romance books up for awards. If you're learning about the awards for the first time, click here to learn more.
Some of the judges have been blogging about the event as well:
Marlene Harris of Reading Reality
Charlee Allden of Smart Girls Love SciFi & Paranormal Romance (here and here).
Laurie A. Green of Spacefreighters Lounge
Bringing back my Behind the Book Interviews - Back, okay waaaay back when I published my first book, The Spy Who Kissed Me (the book formerly known as Pig in a Park), I was pretty small beans. Even mor...
9 hours agoThis piece gives the details which show a story that is the opposite of what is being pushed by the alarmists.
Wednesday, 1 July)
1 comment:
Engineering.Microsoft Exam 70-465 Designing Database Solutions for Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Online Training by Learn365Learning247
135 €
Importo originale in GBP:
£ 120
Informazioni importanti
- Training
- Beginner
- Online
- Durata:
Flexible
- Inizio:
Scegli data
Cosa impari in questo corso?
Programma.
Designing A Logical Database Scheme
2.1 Designing A Logical Database Scheme Part 1
2.2Designing A Logical Database Scheme Part 2
2.3 Designing A Logical Database Scheme Part 3
2.4 Designing A Logical Database Scheme Part 4
2.5 Designing A Logical Database Scheme Part 5
Designing A Physical Database Implementation
3.1 Designing A Physical Database Implementation Part 1
3.2 Designing A Physical Database Implementation Part 2
3.3 Designing A Physical Database Implementation Part
Designing Database Security
6.1 Designing Database Security Part 1
6.2 Designing Database Security Part 2
6.3 Contained Databases
6.4 Protecting Data With Encryption
Policy Based Management
7.1 Policy Based Management
7.2 Policy Based Management Demo
Monitoring Server Health
8.1 Monitoring Server Health
8.2 Monitoring Server Health Demo
Automating Multi Server Maintenance
10.1 Automating Multi Server Maintenance
10.2 Managing Multiple Servers
Managing SQL Server With Windows Powershell
11.1 Managing SQL Server WIth Windows Powershell
11.2 Windows Powershell Lab
Replicating Data
12.1 Replicating Data Part 1
12.2 Replicating Data Part 2
12.3 Replicating Data Part 3.Details
These items come 50 to a pack and provide additional security for your ID cards. These are holographic overlays that feature the mark of business pattern and UV eagles that don't show up under normal light. For our other photo ID card supplies for low prices be sure to browse the rest of the site. For the top quality and rates choose ArcadiaID.- Photo
- Video
- Description
- View Full Specifications
New arrival
- Year:
- 2006
- Length:
- 60'
- Engine/Fuel Type:
- Single / diesel
- Located In:
- Mallorca, Spain
- Hull Material:
- Fiberglass
- YW#:
- 67851-2424487
- Current Price:
- £ 399,000 Tax Paid (US$ 549,184)
Sea Vision is a luxuriously appointed Pearl 60. Having been shown at the London Boat Show in 2006 delivery was taken in May 2006. She is as impressive now as when new. Leather interior throughout the main saloon and dining area. Two double cabins and two twin cabins comfortably sleep eight and make this layout ideal for chartering.
She has had 150,000 GBP spent on her in the last 2 years which included many improvements upgrades and customizations.
To name a few:
- custom side deck entrance with customised stainless fittings
- full Flybridge cover allowing the area to be used as an enclosed space in the winter season.
- new carpets and carpet covers
- new covers for seats and tables
-new TV's
-New Bose sound system
Length 58'4" 17.78m
Beam 16'4" 4.98m
Draft 5' 1.53m
Fuel Capacity 616 gallons 2800 liters
Water Capacity 165 gallons 750 liters
Berths/Bathrooms 8/3
Power
Engines 2 x Volvo D12 800hp
Hours: circa 1400
Max Speed up to 32 Knots
Cruising Speed 24 Knots
Range at Cruising Speed up to 330NM
Luxury specification:
42' HD TV, DVD Player & Playstation 2
17'JVC TV in owners cabin,VIP cabin and
guest cabin
Leather upholstery throughout
KVH G6 Satalite
CD/Radio with dual flybridge control
Full VHF with DSC switch
Fully fitted galley with microwave, oven & grill
Washer/dryer
Central vacuum system
Air conditioning/heating system
Teak decking to cockpit, flybridge & side decks
Remote control operated hydraulic bathing platform
Remote control operated hydraulic passarelle
Electrically operated stainless steel patio doors
Electrically operated aft deck sunroof
9hp bow thruster
13KW Kohler generator
4 screen 3 camera Raymarine E120 series (upgraded)
Autopilot dual station
Electronic engine controls
Seacock and electrics for water maker
Holding tank and pump out system
Electric trim tabs with indicator gauge
1500W electric anchor winch
1250W capstan mooring winches
Fixed teak aft deck table
Flybridge bimini
Flybridge barbecue,ice maker and drinks fridge
Williams 325 jet tender (fully overhauled and serviced)
Length 58'4" 17.78m
Beam 16'4" 4.98m
Draft 5' 1.53m
Fuel Capacity 616 gallons 2800 liters
Water Capacity 165 gallons 750 liters
Berths/Bathrooms 8/3
Please contact Pablo Hayes at +34 971 676 786
Additional Specs, Equipment and Information:
Dimensions
Dry Weight: 28000 kgs
Engines
Cruising Speed: 22 knots @ 1800 RPM
Maximum Speed: 30 knots
Range: 320 nm
Trim Tabs
Accommodations
Number of twin berths: 2
Number of double berths: 2
Number of cabins: 4
Number of heads: 3
Number of bathrooms: 3
Outside Equipment/Extras
Total Liferaft Capacity:
2006 Pearl 60US$595,407
Mallorca, Spain
2007 Pearl 60US$536,535
Mallorca, Spain
2018 Pearl 95US$8,065,706
Unknown, Spain
2017 Pearl 65US$2,010,159
Mallorca, Spain
2015 Pearl 75US$2,500,050
Cannes, France
Another big rally by the leftist group Bayan Muna and other nat-dem allies was made last Monday, July 22, to protest the annual State of the Nation Address (SONA) speech of the President at the House of Representatives in Batasan, Quezon City. The entire north-bound lane of the 10-lanes Commonwealth Avenue was closed by the demonstrators and the big police force blocking them. There was a collision between the two groups that afternoon.
I commented in one friend’s facebook wall that they were “ungas, violent demonstrators.” A certain Paul G. corrected me, posting a news story with video that it was the police who charged first.
I apologized to him and other demonstrators who may be reading that thread, for my earlier comment. But I added that I do not support those huge and confrontational mobilization to air grievances. I wrote,
You have the right to demonstrate but you also deprived ordinary motorists and commuters who use Commonwealth ave. of their right to fast and safe travel. Your "right of expression" is not absolute as other people also have the "right to travel" that a large demonstration has curtailed if not limited. Many classes and business transactions in QC were cancelled that day because of such big demos. These people and students also have the "right to education" and "right to economic transactions" that were curtailed that day.
Paul countered that with a SONA,
the road in the area is definitely a headache ... so they know that one day they have to understand the situation ... mapipigilan ba ang tao lumabas at sa dami nila .. ako mismo nagulat at nalula ... di mo sila pwede ilagay sa bangketa kasi aabot sya sa edsa kung sa bangketa mo ilalagay ... pang unawa naman at sinabi nang maka ilang beses na iwasan ang lugar .. sadyang sinadya lang ng QC govt na di kami payagan at d silai nagbigay ng alternate route para sa demonstrators magalit ang riding public at di sa gobyerno nila ... isang araw lang yun .. sana nakaunawa din kayo ... ako mismo nakipag diskurso ako samga mananakay sa lugar ... sadyang sa dami ng taong nakita ko sumama .. di talaga maiiwasan.
I saw the tv footage last Monday morning, around 6am, the demonstrators already occupied the entire north-bound lane of Commonwealth Ave. as they marched from Philcoa. The demonstrators could have lessened the inconvenience to the public, especially to people who do not share their political demands and pol ideology, if they started their march and demo at noontime, instead of early morning. Kung gusto nilang unawain sila ng publiko, dapat mang unawa din sila. Hindi komo galit sila sa gobyerno, idamay nila ibang tao the entire day. Even already traffic-congested Marikina experienced extra congestion that day because vehicles that were supposed to take the San Mateo and Montalban roads to Batasan then Commonwealth, took the Marikina route. They caused inconvenience not only to QC residents and motorists that whole day.
He countered that they needed understanding as the neoliberal policies of the Aquino government will hit more poor people.
These guys should hear the other side, people who may respect their political ideology but disrespect their methods to propagate it. I oppose socialism and heavy statism, I engage people in some debates, in fb or other online media, in seminars and conferences. People who do not share my views have the freedom to delete or disregard my comments, they have an option. In the case of demonstrators, the only options they give to other people is more traffic or cancellation of their educational, business or personal transactions for one day. Intolerance breeds resentment from others.
The discussion later shifted to that young European man who was caught on camera shouting at one police officer during the anti-SONA rally. Some people think it was a case of “foreign intervention” in Philippine soil. It is not "foreign intrusion" as it is just an individual's action.
This poster was posted by Paul. See this, that foreigner is struggling "alongside Filipinos" including me? That’s garbage. That young Dutch man is only struggling for himself and his political ideology, and the demonstrators. People have the right to proudly announce their arrogance and intolerance, let it be. If people self destruct, we should not interrupt them. No need to physically harm guys like him. We can broadcast their faces, names and character. There is personal responsibility to each personal action (or inaction).
Paul commented further that “Nonoy… arguing that we should all vanish from the face of the earth because we think differently and act accordingly ... peaceful pa nga kami at practicing what is said in the Consti.”
Intolerant people tend to have poor reading comprehension. Nowhere did I advocate that demonstrators should "all vanish from the face of the earth." I said that they have the "right to demonstrate" but such right is not absolute, it has limit. Anyone can hold plackards and b___t the President or anybody he does not like, in his house. But not in my house or somebody else's house. There are certain limits to the "right to self expression" of people..
Then he posted this poster. My simple definition of a socialist are those people who want to socialize everything, from education, healthcare, housing, agriculture, factories, banks, our pockets, our savings. No or little private property and savings allowed, most if not all will be forcibly socialized, forcibly collectivized, by the state and the dictators.
A good reading for believers of confrontational politics to advance the Maoist and socialist ideology, 11 pages long, is this, Pilipinas Forum 19: The CPP-NPA, Sison and Maoism
And for believers of Marxism and class struggle, class war ideology, also 11 pages long, Pilipinas Forum 3: Is Marxism Still Relevant?
These photos of Thomas van Beersum with CPP founder Joma Sison in the Netherlands, have been circulating in facebook and twitter yesterday and today.
The Vincenton Blog has two articles about this guy today,
An Open Letter to Thomas van Beersum,
Commie Trash-Talker van Beersum and JoMa Sison are Revolutionary Comrades
------------
See also:
Pol. Ideology 43: On BIG Government Fetish, June 17, 2013
Pol Ideology 44: Another Debate With an Anarchist, July 07, 2013
Pol. Ideology 46: Misunderstanding Adam Smith, July 14, 2013Metalsmith Essentials: Get the Most Out of Your Rolling Mill DVD
Explore the benefits of using new techniques for your jewelry projects using a rolling mill with jewelry artist Richard Sweetman.
You’ll love this if:
- You want to learn new techniques for adding texture and designs to wire and sheet metal
- You are eager to gain expert ideas for forming metal and enjoy jeweler Richard Sweetman’s instruction
- You want to learn unique jewelry making techniques, such as creating your own Keum-Boo foil and forming wire and jewelry metal sheet from metal ingots
Jewelry artist and instructor Richard Sweetman will show you how to use your rolling mill in a variety of metalsmithing techniques – including fold forming, roller printing onto sheet metal, and rolling your own wire. metalsmithing style.
Order your copy of Metalsmith Essentials: Get the Most Out of Your Rolling Mill today to:
- Receive over 70 minutes of expert instruction from Richard Sweetman, who has over 30 years of jewelry making experience
- Learn professional techniques for creating different shapes in wire and metal
- Emboss your own creative designs onto a multitude of jewelry pieces
- Discover which metals are appropriate to use and how to care for your mill so it lasts throughout the years
- And so much more!.About
I am a New Zealand designer and dressmaker, working from a purpose built sewing studio in my home. I draft all the patterns, source the fabric, and design and sew all the garments.
New pieces are added regularly, catering for both the northern and southern hemisphere seasons, so you may well find swimwear alongside wool coats when you visit.
I live in Auckland, New Zealand, with my husband and two daughters, rescue cat Minou and an aviary of both rescue and loved pet birds.
You are most welcome to write with any questions or comments. You are also welcome to contact me for custom orders.
Thank you so much for visiting,
Catherine1. Introduction/Background
The St. Francis Xavier University Archives (hereafter, the Archives) is committed to the preservation of archival collections in its Mandate and Polices (revised and approved June 24,1996). The Preservation Policy is a detailed expression of this commitment and is in keeping with the criteria for institutional membership for the Council of Nova Scotia Archives.
2. Purpose/Objectives
This policy will establish guidelines and procedures for the preservation management of all archival material housed in the Archives. It will provide consistency, uniformity, and impartiality in the procedures and conditions under which preservation decisions are made. This policy will also provide the necessary legal and authoritative basis for the Archivist and archives staff to exercise preservation duties.
3. Strategic Direction
The Archivist will assume the overall responsibility for the planning and implementation of a preservation management program for the Archives. He/she will direct archives in order to provide optimal preservation to preserve the archival collection. Preservation management will become part of all archival functions and will be implemented in order to provide continued access to the collection.
4. Scope
This policy pertains to all records housed in the Archives.
5. Authorities
Authority to implement this policy is obtained through the sanctioning of the University administration and by virtue of the St. Francis Xavier University Archives Mandate and Policies.
6. Definitions
Acquisition
The act of obtaining records for the archives, through donations, transfers, loans, or purchase.
Conservation
The physical care and treatment of archival materials, including cleaning, storage, and repair of records to prolong access without or with minimal sacrifice of historic and aesthetic integrity.
Preservation
Preservation is the prevention of deterioration, damage or loss of material in the collection and may include stabilization, repair, and conservation treatment.
Preservation Management
The managed, archives-wide program under which assessment, planning, and acting on preservation manners will take place. It entails, but is not limited to, evaluating the present state of preservation in the archives, establishing and implementing policies and procedures to correct or mitigate preservation problems in the everyday archival functions of the archives.
Reformatting
The process that involves the transfer of information, not limited to textual, from an unstable format to a more stable one. The original will be retained where possible.
7. Policy Statements
It is the policy of the St. Francis Xavier University Archives to apply professional archival standards and preventative conservation in relation to the care and handling, storage, and access of archival material to ensure longevity of the collection.
7.1 Acquisition and Retention
The Archivist and archives staff will examine all new acquisitions for pest infestation, mould and other contaminates. Staff will conduct necessary procedures to prevent the spread of further contamination and deterioration. (See St. Francis Xavier University Archives Mandate and Policies for further information regarding acquisition and retention.)
7.2 Accommodation
Storage of all archival material will be provided in a secure, clean, and adequate storage space with attention to proper temperature, relative humidity, lighting, pollution and air quality standards.
7.3 Care, Handling, and Storage
All archival material will be evaluated and housed in appropriate protective archival enclosures. Necessary re-housing will be undertaken as soon as possible upon receipt.
All archival material will only be stored in the designated stack area, which provides proper shelving and is environmentally controlled.
Limited access to the collection will be strictly enforced. The Archivist and archives staff only are permitted to handle archival material for retrieval. At times it may be necessary for certain University personnel to gain access to the storage area to undertake University related duties. The Archivist will be informed when this is necessary.
All archival materials will be handled according to accepted care and handling standards by both archives staff and users/researchers.
Archives staff will be provided with training and instruction in the care and handling, and preservation of archival material.
Instruction in the proper care and handling of archival material will be given to users/researchers upon registration. Users/researchers will receive copies of the Research Services Policy upon registration.
Damaged and/or deteriorated archival material will only be provided to researchers in a reformatted or copied form. The Archivist and/or archives staff reserves the right to control access to materials and maintain control over them.
7.4 Collection Maintenance
Preventative preservation techniques and procedures will be put into place. All archival material, regardless of medium, will be stored in proper archival enclosures. Customized enclosures will be provided when necessary.
7.5 Service and Public Access
Retrieval of information from the collection will be provided to University personnel and the public according to the Mandate and Policies. Restrictions apply to certain records. (See St. Francis Xavier University Archives and Mandate Policies and the Research Services Policy for further details.)
7.6 Conservation Treatment
Cursory conservation treatment will be undertaken by the Archivist and archives staff for more simple conservation problems. A professional conservator will be hired and consulted for more complicated problems when resources allow.
7.7 Exhibitions and Loans
Loan of material will be made to University personnel only according to the loan agreement policy. (See Loan Agreement and St. Francis Xavier University Archives Mandate and Policies.) Only copies of archival material will be provided for external exhibitions. The Archivist and/archives staff will provide assistance and archival material for external exhibitions at the discretion of the Archivist.
7.8 Reformatting and Copying
The Archivist reserves the right to deny access and copying of certain material. Reformatting will be undertaken when resources allow. Copying will be permitted if the material is stable and is not closed. Users/researchers are responsible for obtaining copyright and/or permission to publish. (See the Research Services Policy and St. Francis Xavier University Archives Mandate and Policies.)
7.9 Security
The Archivist and archives staff will provide necessary security measures to prevent theft, vandalism, damage, and/or sabotage to the archives and its collection.
7.10 Disaster Management
The Archivist and the University Archives and Records Management Committee (hereafter UARMC) will examine the need for a disaster management policy. Contingency plans and procedures will be put into effect if necessary.
Related Policies
St. Francis Xavier University Archives Mandate and Policies
Research Services Policy
Loan Agreement
9. Promulgation of Policy/Communication
This policy will be publicly posted in the Archives. It will also be placed in the Library reference binder located in the Reference Department of the Angus L. Macdonald Library and be distributed amongst necessary University personnel. This policy will also be placed on the St. Francis Xavier University Archives web site.
10. Monitoring & Review
The Archivist and the UARMC will periodically review this policy or as needed.
11. Roles & Responsibilities/Accountability
All Archives, Library, University personnel, and users/researchers of archival materials are responsible to abide by this preservation policy under the direction of the Archivist who is responsible to the University Librarian.
12. References
An Ounce of Prevention: A Handbook on Disaster Contingency Planning for Archives, Libraries and Record Centres. Toronto: Toronto Area Archivists Group, 1985
Basic Conservation of Archival Materials: A Guide, Ottawa: Canadian Council of Archives, 1990
Marrelli, Nancy, Implementing Preservation Management, A How-to Manual for Archives, Ottawa: National Library of Canada, 1996
Ritzenthaler, Mary Lynn. Archives and Manuscripts: Conservation. A Manual on Physical Care and Management. Chicago: Society of American Archivists, 1983
Approved by the St. Francis Xavier University Archives and Records Management Committee,
31 March 1999
Effective date 31 March 1999By Costas Pitas
LONDON (Reuters) - British car production reached a 17-year high last year, but the country's vote to leave the European Union contributed to a roughly 33 percent drop in investment in the sector, a car industry body said on Thursday.
Carmakers had lobbied hard against Brexit, saying that it could result in the imposition of export tariffs that would make UK plants uncompetitive.
Britain built 1.72 million vehicles in 2016, the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) said, adding that the annual increase of 8.5 percent lifted output to its highest since 1999 and the third-highest since the 1970s.
However, the SMMT said that investment in the sector, which tends to make decisions about future production two to three years before a model rolls off the production line, fell by a third to 1.66 billion pounds ($2.1 billion).
"We do see companies at least delaying decisions until there is greater certainty," SMMT Chief Executive Mike Hawes told reporters.
Among the British car industry's concerns is the requirement of many free-trade deals between countries and blocs for more than 50 percent of components in a car to be made locally. Britain currently averages 41 percent.
If Britain fails to secure a preferential deal with the European Union during the two-year divorce talks due to begin by the end of March, cars made in Britain could become subject to a 10 percent World Trade Organization tariff on exports.
"It would be very hard to overcome that level of additional cost, given that plants operate on wafer-thin margins," Hawes said, adding that carmakers generally make only a 2-4 percent return on investment.
"We want trade deals, but they must be the right deals, not rushed deals. Failure to do so could damage UK automotive manufacturing beyond repair."
Prime Minister Theresa May said last week Britain would leave the EU single market, which guarantees unfettered trade on the continent, but suggested that the car industry may be able to retain elements of free trade under a bespoke Brexit deal.
Japanese carmaker Nissan <7201.T> said in October that it would build two new models at its Sunderland plant in North East England.
A source told Reuters that the decision had been made after a government pledge for extra support to counter any loss of competitiveness caused by Britain leaving the EU, though a spokesman for the Prime Minister said that no explicit promises had been made on compensation for tariffs.
(Editing by David Goodman)After the overwhelming success of the 2014 myCharge HUB series, we were tasked with advancing this family of products to “the next level” for 2015. With today’s mobile lifestyle, every device must be slim, compact and highly functional in order to win the mind of the consumers. Our engineering and design team took on this challenge and work with the manufacturer, utilizing smaller & smarter components that generates less heat to push for extreme circuitry efficiency. Wrapped in ultra-thin, durable, anodized aluminum to further shave another few millimetres, boasting a 30% reduction in size with higher capacity output, the HubPlus is more compact and portable than ever before.
CLIENT: myCharge
CATEGORY: Consumer Electronics
WORK: Product + PackagingWith First Tutors you can find a private geology tutor in Aberdovey and across the UK. Private geology tuition is an excellent way to improve confidence as well as increasing grades and doesn't have to be dull! Please use our service to find Aberdovey geology tutors and select the one who best suits your requirements.
First Tutors is the best place to discover through one search the most suitable Aberdovey geology tutors for your needs, enabling you to find a private Aberdovey geology Aberdovey! We order geology Aberdovey teachers in your area by geology lesson costs and distance from you.
If you are a Aberdovey geology tutor wishing to offer your home geology tuition services in Aberdovey or anywhere else across the UK, please register with First Tutors or find out more about what we offer here. Private geology tuition is a great way to re-affirm your own geology knowledge while helping someone else, all in your local Aberdovey area!bmuscle tensionlurred vision unbalanced ear ringing
wikipedia unbalanced traslocation 1 18
bnc connector balanced or unbalanced
balanced and unbalanced forces
aching joints and muscles and feeling unbalanced
unbalanced load oasis elite top loaderstratified squamous tissue and cancer
face numbnessfeeling unbalanced
unbalance bumper for a207 maytag
xlr unbalanced diagram
unbalanced football formationsmossberg magazine disassembly
impedance unbalanced
unbalanced anova 2x2
can unbalanced hormones in young in teen age boys cause dizziness
state of new jersey unbalanced bids
effects of unbalanced ecosystem
my dwarf hamster is unbalanced and his tail is bleeding
how to find the moment from the mass unbalance
headache earache feeling unbalanced
nissan frontier unbalanced drive shaftcountry roads chords for violin for kids
is american desert ecosystem unbalanced
tiger satellite receiver unbalanced output
unbalanced scorecard definition
characteristic impedance unbalanced calculator
examples of unbalanced chemical equation
1 4 unbalanced to xlr male diagrampictures of plants tat resemble marajuana
dog vomited stiff legs unbalanced
shakinglethargic unbalanced dog
sears top load washer series 70 unbalanced load
balanced unbalanced cable
unbalanced offense basketball
maytag washer sav4655eww unbalanced
unbalance equations worksheet
nissan frontier unballanced driveshaft
four stepsof calculating the amount of reactanats and products from the unbalance chemicl equation
unbalanced offense north thurston
soldering xlr unbalanced
unbalanced offenseWant to connect with Macy Pearson? Sign up Today, it's free and easy
Macy Pearson
My Writings
Talk to me!Sign In to Comment Show older comments
Badges
Newbie
Inkslinger
Cardiologist
Wordsmith
Want to connect with Macy Pearson? Sign up Today, it's free and easy
about 2 years ago Christina Joshy said:
I really enjoyed your story. I found it quite unique and different. Will you pls read my story, 'The conjunctive tale of love and death'? It would really mean a lot, do leave me a honest comment/review.
almost 3 years ago Jasmine Anne Fortier said:
Are you willing to swap? I'll read one of your stories if you read ether "Mama what's Snow", or "Inspiration through the Ages"
over 3 years ago Tate Thurgood (KONY 2012) said:
Hi there, Macy, I just stopped by to say that 'Sight' was one of the featured books today. Congrats! :)
almost 5 years ago Simply Grace said:
Hello.Would you like to do a swap? If you are interested could you read/heart my story "The Silent Cry". I will read anything in return. Thanks, and happy writing.
almost 5 years ago T. R. Nosyla said:
Hi! I was wondering if you'd like to swap? I'll read anything of yours if you read/comment/heart my story "Heavy" Thank You!I dropped my PowerBook off at the Briarwood Apple Store this morning (6/24) around 9:45 for a much-needed, under-warranty screen replacement (kind of like spending a week at a computer spa).
After verifying all my info and signing a service document, they wrapped it in some special, white, spongy wrapper (kind of like computer sunscreen) and sent it off to the Golden State for therapy sessions (and probably some relaxing by the pool).
Meanwhile, back at the ranch, my loaner 12″ PowerBook (from Tim–Apple doesn’t do loaners) is up and running on my Kamino drive (see yesterday’s post). It’s just like working on my computer–only with a smaller screen! Very, very cool!
AdvertisementsLast I was there, in 2005, I ate as many bowls as I could stand of the chasiu miso ramen at stand #3, Keyaki Ramen (I also have eaten at the mind-blowing original in Sapporo). The museum's website English version says that Keyaki is still represented at the museum, but I thought they rotated vendors annually. Does anyone know from a recent visit whether Keyaki is still there? And what was your favorite vendor there?Breaking Down Roberto Di Matteo's Influence on Chelsea's ResurgenceOctober 5, 2012
Chelsea heads into its match with Norwich City on Saturday atop the Premier League table, three points clear of second place after six games. It's just the latest sign of success under manager Roberto Di Matteo, who has transformed the Blues since taking over.
One debate that has raged on for as long as sports have existed is the overall impact of a coach or manager. Some analysts would argue their impact is minimal while others would say they are crucial to success, and, in reality, the answer is likely somewhere in between the two extremes.
Yet, it's impossible to look at the Chelsea situation and discount the job Di Matteo has done to turn the storied club back into a top European contender despite not having a large roster overhaul since taking the reigns from Andre Villas-Boas.
The 42-year-old Italian took over last March on an interim basis with the team out of form and destined to finish the campaign in disappointing fashion. Chelsea had won just one of its last seven matches and were on the brink of Champions League elimination.
Everything changed in the blink of an eye. Suddenly the Blues were playing with more confidence and energy, and the results showed followed suit. It was almost like an entirely different team was taking the field all of a sudden.
Chelsea won its first four games under the guidance of Di Matteo, including a stunning Champions League comeback against Napoli, a match that was the first clear sign something special was going on Stamford Bridge.
Football fans around the globe know what happened from there. Chelsea completed an amazing run in the Champions League, knocking off Benfica, Barcelona and Bayern Munich, and also lifted the FA Cup by defeating Liverpool.
The surprising late-season charge begs one question: How did Di Matteo get his players to turn off a dead-end road and back on the path to championships so quickly?
Taking over a team in the middle of a season is extremely difficult. Players have spent months adapting to a certain style and it's virtually impossible to make significant changes in the midst of so many league and tournament games.
That's where Di Matteo's brilliance came into play. The former midfielder knew he was going to have to work with the pieces that were already in place, led by veterans like Frank Lampard, Didier Drogba and John Terry.
Instead of making radical changes he simply shifted the team's outlook. He imposed on the Blues a level of confidence that was sorely lacking under his predecessor, using motivation as way to get the players to play at or above their expected level of performance.
No player is a better example of that than Fernando Torres. The Spanish striker was in a deep, prolonged slump prior to Di Matteo taking charge at Chelsea, going a span of 22 matches without scoring a goal. He looked completely lost in situations when he used to thrive.
Two weeks after Di Matteo too over, he notched two goals and two assists in a game against Leicester City. He added five more goals before season's end, including a key tally against Barca to ensure Chelsea would advance to the Champions League final.
It happened throughout the squad as if better form was contagious and everybody was catching it. Drogba turned back the clock, becoming a dominant force in key moments. Goalkeeper Petr Cech made huge saves left and right like a brick wall between the posts.
The players didn't change, but their belief in themselves and the team did. Di Matteo forced them to think they could compete with the top teams in Europe and jumping that mental hurdle ahead of time is often just as important as the matches.
As this season began, the biggest concern was whether Di Matteo could carry any of that magic over to a fresh campaign. While it's still very early, the results would point toward a resounding yes, making the decision to give him the manager spot look like a genius move.
Ultimately, the players are the ones who win or lose games. But after watching Chelsea's resurgence since March, you'd be hard-pressed to develop an argument that Di Matteo hasn't had a major impact on the rapid turnaround.
He's done a tremendous job, but now comes the tough part of living up to the hype. While only time will tell if he can do that, Chelsea and its supporters are certainly riding high right now.Discovering the Best Apps
Attach Contacts as separate V card in single email
Plans and cellphones catalog
MiX Track
Blinks Backlight for every incoming message!
Rumah Minimalist
Whatsup!! Has been developed to provide Petroleum
Mobile access to SAP without any Middleware
Never miss your emergency calls.
Rumah123.com, Property Search for Indonesia
Our new application will surprise you with the incredible...
KameraKamera.com
Add Signatures to your email ID
Access the Blackberry Mobile Clipboard History!
Search over 45,000 jobs with Jobs!
AZT Push to Talk Walky Talky for mobile phone
Business promotion of Aries Group of Companies
Now language is no longer an Absolute Barrier!!!!
General Authority & Islamic Affairs and Endowments
MercadoLibre Calculator helps to calculate the cos
Telekom Mediencenter powered by BlackBerry
Shows future events on Home screen of your device.
Access Cisco’s rich technical support content.
Whatsup Real Estate
Take control of your conference calls.
Impatica Connector is the BlackBerry® component of Impatica...
Ministry of Labour United Arab Emirates
Voices.com is the easiest way to hire voice talent
Quick insert Email Templates for instant reply!
One Clean Leicester
PayByPhone
Discover Apps
About AppAz.co
Stay connected[ Retro Scan of the Week ] Spawn: The Video GameMarch 21st, 2011 by Benj Edwards
“Unleash the fury of the full force blast!”
Ah yes, Spawn: the game that launched a thousand thugs…directly off the roof of a building.
I’ll pause while you watch the video.
Aside from that slight programming snafu, Spawn is a passable, if graphically rich, platform beat-em-up for the Super NES. Does anybody out there own this game? How do you feel about it?
Discussion Topic of the Week: What’s your favorite comic book-based video game?
March 21st, 2011 at 12:17 pm
Sunsoft’s Batman definitely.
Its soundtrack was pure NES bass magic.
March 21st, 2011 at 1:12 pm
I never played Spawn, but my favorite comic book-based game would have to be X-Men vs. Street Fighter. I like it better than its successors, simply due to how insanely broken the game was. A team of Ken and Magneto can destroy any competition. I haven’t played MvC3 yet, though, so I’m not sure how it stacks up.
That might be cheating, though, since it’s a crossover between a comic book license and an established video game franchise. A more “pure” answer might be Freedom Force, but it’s not based on any specific license, just the Silver Age of comics in general. Mods fix that, though.
March 22nd, 2011 at 8:45 pm
That bug has been blown out of proportion. It’s not that bad, not game breaker for sure.
March 22nd, 2011 at 8:47 pm
btw, that was my first post here. Been reading this site for years.
March 23rd, 2011 at 10:33 am
Good to hear from you, Luis. I agree that the bug is not game-breaking. It is darn funny, though. 🙂Websites and brochures never tell the whole story. You can browse pictures of our beautiful, historic buildings surrounding a peaceful quad, and you can read about our bustling brick plaza connecting to first-class athletic facilities. But it's the undeniable, energizing spirit of Bear Territory that captivates you when you step on campus.
The best way to see if Mercer feels right for you is to visit in person.
Walk around and explore. Talk to our students and professors. You'll quickly see why The Princeton Review has called it one of the most beautiful campuses in North America.
Explore our tour options and upcoming events. Then schedule your personal visit to Mercer University's Macon campus and experience first-hand the culture, climate, and personality of Bear Territory.
Our daily campus tour begins with an information session led by our admissions staff that provides a brief overview of Mercer, including the admissions process, academics, student life, and financial aid. Following the session, a student tour guide will lead you on a walking tour of campus. The combined information session and campus tour is approximately two hours and will begin and end at our Emily Parker Myers Admissions and Welcome Center.
Tours are offered Monday through Friday at 10:00 a.m. and 1:00 p.m. Select Saturdays tours are offered at 10:00 a.m. on January 20, February 10, March 24, and April 21.
Mercer welcomes groups to campus from all over the world.
Campus tours for groups of 10 or more are available Monday through Thursday by appointment only. Group tours are not offered on weekends or during peak periods. To schedule a group visit, contact the Office of University Admissions at admissions@mercer.edu.
The Office of University Admissions hosts a variety of special events throughout the year that offer you different ways to experience what it's like to be a Mercer Bear. Registration is required and typically closes five days before an event unless capacity is reached earlier..
Tips for Your Visit to Campus
Registration is required to attend any of our regularly scheduled campus tours and events.
Campus tours are not offered on University holidays or scheduled closings.
You will receive registration confirmation, directions to campus, and other pertinent information related to your visit via the email address you provide when you register. It is important that you read your email messages to fully prepare for your visit to Mercer.
You may want to allow for extra time to explore Mercer and Macon on your own.
Tours and events may be cancelled due to inclement weather or other unforeseen circumstances. You will be notified as soon as a decision is made.
Some call it a big city. Others say it's a small town. We believe it's just right - and we think you'll agree. Located in the heart of Georgia, Mercer's hometown of Macon is a flourishing Southern metropolis with a soul unmatched by any other. With proximity to the bright lights of Atlanta and the beaches of the Georgia and Florida coasts, Macon boasts regal historical landmarks, a trendy arts and culture scene, lively local hangouts, and a little something for everyone.
© 2014 Mercer University. All rights reserved. mercer.edu | privacy policy | text-only version | site map | website designed by Third Wave DigitalPolice appeal after aggravated burglary in Heelands house
Police are appealing for witnesses following an aggravated burglary at a house in the Heelands area of Milton Keynes.
The incident took place on Friday (05/01) between 9.35pm and 9.50pm in Bleasedale.
At the time of the incident, six people were at home. They were an 88-year-old man, a 47-year-old man, a 39-year-old woman, a 42-year-old woman, a 15-year-old boy and an 11-year-old girl.
Four men wearing hoods and face coverings gained entry to the house through the front door and were armed with screwdrivers and bars.
It is possible that they could have been in the rear garden of the property before entering the house.
The family were made to remain in the living room and were threatened with force while the offenders carried out of a search of the property.
The offenders then removed a safe containing cash and personal documents as well as an amount of jewellery, before leaving the property in a vehicle which may have been a light coloured saloon car.
All of the offenders are white men with normal builds and spoke with Eastern European accents.
None of the victims were injured as a result of the incident.
The stolen safe and documents were later recovered in the Northamptonshire area.
Investigating officer DC Laura Herrington said, “This was a very frightening experience for the family, who were forced to wait as their home was searched and their property and cash were stolen from them.
“I would like to speak to anyone who witnessed this incident, or who has any information about this incident.
“If you have any details which you think could help our investigation, please call the Thames Valley Police non-emergency number on 101.”
People with any information relating to this case can help the police inquiries by calling 101 quoting reference ‘43180005191’.Just in case you hadn't noticed anything in the side panel,
here it is again..
I am proud to be an Official Ambassador for
Researching Abroad, brought to you by Unlock the Past.
We have not one, but two, very inspiring international speakers,
Chris Paton, from Scotland
Chris Paton, from Scotland
and
Dirk Weissleder from Germany.
Chris will present the British Isles Stream covering
Britain, Ireland and their diasporas..
Dirk will present the German-European stream
There are a whole host of sponsors and exhibitors involved..
you can see them listed on the images below.
Why not come along and join in the fun?
Lots of prizes to be won as well.
Lots of prizes to be won as well.
Full programs are on the images.
You can click on them to enlarge them.
BOOKINGS NOW OPEN
Click on your city of choice (below) for program and booking form
Click on your city of choice (below)
Did I mention there are lots of prizes to be won as well?
Disclosure:
As an AMBASSADOR, Unlock the Past have provided me with a seminar pass as compensation for my time.
Thank you for dropping by. All comments are moderated before publication.ivy & wall
the ivy is eating a wall?
once again the picture in its original purity was not the effect i wanted. i had to apply my beautiful grunge effect, darker, and so i got a picture that proves? that the ivy vine is really eating the house wall.
Leave a ReplyWant to join the discussion?
Feel free to contribute!Now SOLD! - Thanks
Renovated 5 Bedroom plus Den, 3 Bathroom Home in Upper Appleyard area. Tastefully updated by local craftsman with many features including new counters, paint, flooring, appliances and fixtures. Gas Fireplace in Vaulted Wood Ceiling Living Room with tons of natural light with the wall to wall windows. Island Kitchen with Stainless appliances and tons of cupboards; New Countertops. Bi-Level entry design with large foyer entrance plus 3rd entrance into basement. Master offers new ensuite bathroom with large walk-in tiled shower and fixtures. Huge laundry room with sewing area, cupboards, utility sink and 2nd entry onto back porch/deck with decorative glass doors. Lower level family room offers wood burning fireplace, built-in cupboards and bookcase & wood wainscot walls. You'll love the family mud room with locker style closets & shoe storage. Lower Bathrm also offers a full walk-in tiled shower! There is a huge covered deck & sundeck accessed via two sets of double french doors from Kitchen & Dining Rms. The exterior is clad with Stucco & Stone with new conc driveway & paving stone walkways. Large 1/4 Acre landscaped yard has easement over next door lot for full length access too. Part of a new 5 lot subdiv. IMMEDIATE POSSESSION is POSSIBLE.
Join Club Rob Today!
Not intended to solicit clients from previously established relationships with other Shuswap REALTORS®.
It’s barely 0600 and I receive an email (yes, I’m already at work) from someone in another department of the hospital. This email has caused me to go from a relaxed “Yay!!! It’s almost Friday!!” – tude, to a “I will punch you in the throat, you Moron!” – tude… in a matter of seconds. Is it possible she meant to be rude? (she does have a bit of a reputation for not being helpful, and doing the least amount of work possible to achieve the goal.) Is it possible she is just oblivious? Truth be told… I’ll never know. All I know is that I am now stressed… and beyond irritated and the sheer ignorance of this person. Of course, I’ll get over it, As all of us have to do as adults… but *whine* why so early?!! Why did she have to end her day with a short, rude, pretty much useless email that did nothing but ruin my morning? *end whine*
Ok, deep breath. This leads me to the question at hand… is it possible to really have a stress FREE workday? I’m pretty sure the answer is “no”. However, I do believe there are ways to aid in pushing out the stressors that effect us everyday. I have been known to silently meditate at my desk, walk to the furthest stair well in the building and sing, go outside and run a few laps around the building… whatever I can do to get some sort of release. Keeping stress bottled up, especially at work, can be dangerous. At my previous position, I worked on the hospital grounds. There was a BEAUTIFUL hope garden with a Pink Ribbon carved into the ground, made into a water feature. There was a small bench, perfect enough for me to sit, on a warm spring day (like yesterday), and meditate. Let all of the negative energy of the day leave my mind. Unfortunately, now that I’m off-site, I don’t have anything like that… Sooooo I’m relegated to tossing in my earbuds and drowning out everyone around me. Which in it’s own right, is also quite therapeutic.
What have you found to help? Anything??Cliff down and up
Rachel looked up from where she had fallen down the cliff it was steep and huge and now she couldn't get back up the fall had messed up her ankle and the worst part was that she was stuck at the bottom of the cliff with Chad Dickson aka number 274 and he was the supreme leader of the kids next door until he had betrayed them and he had left her with his mess to clean up.
Rachel looked over to where Chad was unconscious the fall knocked him out like it had knocked her out, she had woken up before him and now silently watched him as he was in a deep sleep thanks to the fall. She had though back to what had gotten her into this mess.
Flashback
the ship had been flying and there was a sudden crash against the ship and it went crashing to the ground the Operatives were lying every where and Rachel had gotten up and went over to them "are you alright" she asked them they had all gotten up to see what was wrong that's when a sip landed and a bunch of teenagers came out including Chad.
"Well well look at this the supreme leader of the kids next door; so much better then Nigel Uno now don't you think guys"
The teens all snickered and Chad spoke again "I think that you should come with up and nobody gets hurt" "I don't think so Chad" number 60 said raising a weapon aiming at Chad and firing the teenagers attacked as well and in the middle of all that Rachel backed up and foot slipped and she started to fall down the cliff Chad who was the only one who saw this flung himself at Rachel grabbing her by the wrist but gravity had to interfere and pull him down the cliff as well he flipped Rachel over so she was on top of him and held her to his chest covering her head with his arms as they fell then everything went dark.
End of flashback
She looks over at him "so he saved me me…..but why" she thought
Rachel limped over to him to see that he had got the worst of it his face was all scratched up and that his arms and legs were also scratched up as well but also her ankle was hurt so how were they suppose to get out of this. Chad groaned Rachel snapped back into reality she looked down at Chad he was coming too, his eyes slowly opened and a sense of wonder was in them for a minute the his eyes changed to a blank stare he figured out what happen then she thought. Chad sat up and looked at her then looked at the cliff then at his her again it was like for a moment. He finally got up and a look of pain went across his face.
"Hey where are you going" she asked
"Were do you think" he answered in an annoyed and angry tone
She watched as he fell to his knees and his chest heaved he looked like he was in so much pain and it was all her fault she slowly got up and limped over to him then knelled to the side of him he shot her a dangerous look but she ignored it she tried to touch his arm and he pulled it away from her grasp "don't touch me!" he yelled she pulled back fear in her eyes for a moment but then anger entered them "I was only trying to help you stupid jerk!" she yelled back he looked at her anger still in his eyes "I wouldn't be in this mess if it weren't for you" he said she couldn't believe what he said "well I didn't ask you to save me did I" she said a look of shock was sent across his face his eyes widened and she looked at the ground it was quite and it stayed like that for the longest time. Finally Chad cleared his throat and that brought Rachel to finally look at him.
"I'm sorry" he said "I didn't mean to snap at you"
"It's alright" was all she said
She limped away and he just stared after her.
To be continuedHome > Uncategorized > half price on johnsons half price on johnsons 4 April 2015 Uncategorized No Comments Tweet Pin It Spread the loveFollow us for exclusive deals, voucher codes, and the latest bargainsTweetWilko.com Related Posts Debenhams Express Overblown Flower Large Holdall Magic Tap Automatic Water/Drink Beverage Dispenser Top Cashback New Customer Deals baby wipes deals Secret Lego Sale Family Planning Offers.Tuesday, February 22, 2011
Review : Fallen Grace by Mary Hooper
Title : Fallen Grace
Author : Mary Hooper
Publisher : Bloomsbury USA Children's Books
Genre : Historical Fiction, YA
ISBN : 978-1599905648
Source : Received from Publisher
Release Date : February 1, 2011
Rating : 2/5 Stars - Okay
Description from Amazon :.
Trailer :
Review :
The story starts with young Grace Parkes, on a journey to Brookwood Cemetery. The unfortunate death of her newborn son has forced her to bring the lifeless body of her infant to be buried. Grace is only sixteen years old, and as far as anyone thinks in the 1800's, she is considered a fallen woman. No one will want to love her now, knowing that she has given birth out of wedlock. As sad as this time is for Grace, she knows that she wouldn't be able to care for the baby, because she can barely afford to care for herself and her sister Lily.
Each day Grace and Lily go out and buy watercress to sell on the streets of Victorian London. It's not a stable job, but it makes them enough money to pay their weekly rent and to put food in their mouths, most of the time. When things become to tough, Grace must make some decisions that will change her and her sister's lives forever. Accepting a job from a woman she met while at Brookwood Cemetery, she becomes a mute for a funeral home. The job is depressing, as it is her job to mourn the death of every dead person that they are to bury. While Grace works at the funeral home, the owners of the home, the Unwins, take her sister in as a maid in their family home. Grace barely sees her sister, and begins to become suspicious of some of the things that have been going on with the Unwin family.
Grace thinks it best to contact Mr. Solent, a man who had pressed her to contact him if she ever was in need of help. With his help she finds out some disturbing and somewhat relieving news. It's up to the two of them to blow the lid off a huge scandal, and restoring a fortune to it's rightful owner.
I'll have to admit that this book didn't capture me as much as I was hoping that it would. I normally fall into historical novels and can't get out of them because they are just so engrossing. The only thing that engrossed me about this novel was the fact that the author clearly researched the era before writing about it. At times I felt like I was truly walking through the streets of London, as the descriptions of the surroundings were perfect.
I didn't really feel as though I connected with any of the characters, except maybe Grace, but only in the aspect that by losing a child she was in constant grief. I myself am pregnant, and don't know what I would do under those circumstances, and pray that I won't have to feel that sort of pain. Other than that I couldn't really feel much toward any of the characters, and at times caught myself skipping parts of the story looking for something a little more interesting. I rarely skip full pages in a book, but it was the only way I was going to finish this one, because I felt that the story was creeping along far too slowly.
I was disappointed in this book, but I did manage to finish it, out of curiosity and the history that was jammed into the pages. I will not let this one book by this author prevent me from reading more from her in the future, because her writing style is quite beautiful. The writing and amount of detail that went into this story makes me believe that I just happened to pick up the wrong book by this author, and I'm sure she will give me a good story next time.
Despite my low rating, I encourage you to go out and read this book. There have been many great reviews for this title, and I think that you may either love or dislike this book. I unfortunately did the latter in these circumstances..
4 comments:
You know some books are not for everyone. I appreciate your honesty. I will give this one a try, because I adore authors who do their research.
Aw, I'm sorry to hear that you did not enjoy this book. Hopefully you will like some of the author's future works. I will definitely check this book out. :)
Aryelle, ReadingwiththeFishes
Thank you for sharing the post.kindly visit us @ tattoo thoughtsClick to Zoom in
1.41 oz Size - Solid - Citrus Scent - 6/ Carton - View Complete Details
Product Number: RAC89343CT
This product is sold out and we do not know when we will be getting another shipment. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
Check similar items below to see if a replacement product is available.
LYSOL Brand No Mess Max Automatic Toilet Bowl Cleaner - Freshens and cleans to the max with every flush! Works 3x longer compared to regular No Mess and patented fragrance gels. Emits fresh scent continuously and works for up to 4 weeks. Use onHey guys,
I've been wondering how many of you are into Airsoft.
I myself am a beginner, just recently got myself an RK-02, still thinking what equipment to get.
Feel free to share your experience and setup.
I've been playing for around 7 months now. I use a King Arms M4A1 AEG with a polymer body. I put a 6" RIS, some brand rail covers, EOtech holo sight(not military grade mind you), plain vertical grip, 11.1 Li-Po battery with a PEQ box, Magpul MOE stock, and a 6.03 tight-bore barrel on it. I just ordered a Noveske flash hider/amplifier and a hop-up bucking for it. For my sidearm I have an Elite Force 1911 TAC with a flashlight. Sometimes I also use a Wellfire/TSD MB-06 spring sniper rifle.
My rig is just a tan Lancer Tactical M4 chest rig and dump pouch with 10 120 rd mid cap mags and an OE Tech quick-draw drop leg holster in black and a rigger's belt for that. I also have a black OE Tech vest with a few pouches on it, but had to purchase the chest rig for Bob vs Tim since Bob's team uses tan.
Needless to say I've dumped quite a bit of money into it, but I enjoy it so why not.
As for what equipment to get, that depends on you entirely. There's really no set thing you have to have EXCEPT eye protection of course. I use Pyramex V2G-XP goggles. They are only $20 and give you full-seal protection for your eyes and are really comfortable. You can also get a paintball style helmet if you want full face protection.
Last edited by Thunderstruck05; 2013-01-21 at 04:32 PM.The Water, Sanitation, and Hygiene Performance Index
The Sustainable Development Goals call for universal access to water, sanitation, and hygiene (WaSH), and reducing inequalities in access. The WaSH Performance Index compares coverage across 117 countries by assessing performance in achieving water and sanitation access and equality. Results suggest that improvements in water and sanitation can be achieved in conjunction, and that progress is possible in resource-limited countries. The Index offers an objective, comparable assessment of current progress, and alerts ministers, donors, and practitioners to areas in need of targeted improvement.
Cronk, Ryan, Jeanne Luh, Benjamin Mason Meier, and Jamie Bartram. 2015. The Water, Sanitation, and Hygiene Performance Index: A comparison of country performance in realizing universal WaSH. Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill..I think I missed one Handi-hour last year. It turned out to be the gardening one. They had little terra cotta pots to decorate and plant some small plants in and then they also had corks to make into tiny air plant vase magnets. Lucky for me I have good friends and was gifted a plant magnet that I've proudly displayed at work. Sometime over the holidays it decided to die, but I had several months of joy with that guy.
Inspired I decided to make a few of my own for Christmas gifts. Only when I went back to Ace Hardware their summer/fall supply of air plants was dry and dead. Defeated. I had purchased an air plant earlier in the year though just because I'm a sucker for succulents. It had just been chilling in a vase so I decided to give him a new home.
I used a cork from a beer bottle someone had recently enjoyed at my apartment and glued on a spare magnet with super glue. I made a hole in the top with a knife and stuck him inside. A month later, so far so good.
cute!This-di-a'-shun, me'-di-a-ter:I. INTRODUCTORY1. The Terms(1) Mediation(2) Mediator2. The Principle of MediationII. MEDIATION IN THE OLD TESTAMENT1. Negative Teaching in the Old Testament2. The Positive Teaching: Early Period3. Prophetic Mediation4. Priestly Mediation5. The Theocratic King: the Messiah6. The Suffering Servant7. Superhuman Agents of Mediation(1) Angelic Mediation(2) Divine WisdomIII. IN SEMI-CANONICAL AND NON-CANONICAL JEWISH LITERATUREIV. MEDIATION AND MEDIATOR IN THE NEW TESTAMENT1. The Synoptic Gospels(1) Christ as Prophet(2) Christ as King(3) Christ as Priest (Redeemer)2. Primitive Apostolic Teachings(1) The Early Speeches in Acts(2) Epistles of James and Jude(3) 1 Peter3. Epistles of Paul(1) The Need of a Mediator(2) The Qualifications(3) The Means, the Death of Christ(4) The Resurrection and Exaltation(5) The Cosmic Aspect of Christ's Mediatorship4. Epistle to the Hebrews5. The Johannine Writings(1) The Fourth Gospel(2) The Epistles(3) The ApocalypseV. CONCLUSIONLITERATUREI Introductory" (equals middleman, agent of mediation) is nowhere found in Old Testament or Apocrypha (English Versions of the Bible), but the corresponding Greek word mesites, occurs once in Septuagint (Job 9:33 the King James Version, "Neither is there any daysman betwixt us," where "daysman" stands for Hebrew mokhiach, "arbitrator," the American Standard Revised Version, the English Revised Version margin "umpire" (see DAYSMAN); Septuagint has ho mesites hemon, "our mediator," as a paraphrase for Hebrew benenu, "betwixt us"). Even in the New Testament, mesites, "mediator," occurs only 6 times, namely, Galatians 3:19, 20 (of Moses), and 1 Timothy 2:5 Hebrews 8:6; Hebrews 9:15; Hebrews 12:24 (of Christ)" (kipper, literally, "cover") their sin by confessing their sin before God, and being willing to be blotted out of God's book, so that the people might be spared (Exodus 32:30-32). Here we have already the germs of the idea of vicarious suffering for sin. (chatta'th, Leviticus 4; Leviticus 5; Leviticus 5 6:24-30) and the guilt offering ('asham, Leviticus 5; Leviticus 6; Leviticus 6 7; 14; 19), which seem peculiar to P. These are meant to restore the normal relation of the people or of individuals to God, a relation which sin has disturbed. Hence, these sacrifices, when duly administered by the priest, are distinctly mediatorial or reconciliatory in character, i.e. they make atonement for or "cover" (kipper) the sin of the guilty community or individuals. This seems the case also, though in a far less degree, even with the burnt, peace, and meal offerings, which, though "not offered expressly, like the sin and guilt offerings, for the forgiveness of sin, nevertheless were regarded.... as `covering,' or neutralizing, the offerer's unworthiness to appear before God, and so, though in a much less degree than the sin or guilt offering, as effecting propitiation" (Driver in Hastings, Dictionary of the Bible, IV, 132). We must beware, however, of reading the full New Testament doctrine of sin and propitiation into the sacrificial law. Two important points of difference may be noted: (1) The law does not provide atonement for all sins, but only for sins of ignorance or inadvertence, committed within the covenant. Deliberate sins fall outside the scope of priestly mediation. (2) While sin includes moral impurity, it must be admitted that the chief emphasis falls on ceremonial uncleanness, because it is only violation of physical sanctity that can be fully rectified by ritual ordinance. The law was essentially a civil code, and was not adequate to deal with inward sins. Thus the sacrificial system in itself is but a faint adumbration of the New Testament doctrine of Christ's high-priestly work, which has reference to sin in its widest and deepest meaning. Yet, in spite of these limitations, the priestly ritual was, as far as it went, an organized embodiment of the sin-consciousness, and so prepared the way for the coming of a perfect Mediator.5. The Theocratic King: the Messiah:On another plane than that of the priest is the mediation Psalm, 13 Jeremiah 23:5, 6; Jeremiah 33:15,, 19; Isaiah 43:10; Isaiah 49:2; Isaiah 50:4, 5; 61:1-3). But the profound originality of the conception of the Servant lies chiefly in the God-ward significance of his suffering (Isaiah 53). The Servant suffered vicariously as an atonement for the sins of the people. His death is even said to be a "guilt-offering" ('asham, Isaiah 53:10), and he is represented as making "intercession for the transgressors" (Isaiah 53:12). Here is the profoundest expression in the Old Testament of the principle of mediatorship.SeeSERVANT OF JEHOVAH.SeeWISDOM 9:10; 15:02; memera' or "Word" of God, where the Old Testament refers it to God directly, and speaks of it as Israel's Intercessor before God and as Redeemer. This usage seems to arise out of a reluctance to bring God into immediate contact with the world; hence, God's self-manifestation is represented as mediated through a quasi-personal agent. The tendency finds its full development, however, not among the Jerusalem Jews, but among the Jews of Alexandria, especially in Philo's Logos-doctrine. Deeply influenced by the Platonic dualism, Philo thought of God as pure Spirit, incapable of contact with matter, so that without mediation God could not act on the world. To fill up the great gap he conceived of intermediary beings which represented at once the Ideas of Plato, the active Powers of the Stoics, and the angels of the Old Testament. The highest of these was the Divine Logos, the mediator between the inaccessible, transcendent Being and the material universe. On the one hand, in relation to the world, the Logos is the Mediator of creation and of revelation; on the other, in his God-ward activity, he is the representative of the world before God, its High Priest, Intercessor, and Paraclete. Yet Philo's Logos was probably nothing more than a high philosophical abstraction vividly imaged in the mind. In spite of Philo's influence on early Christian theology, and even perhaps on some New Testament writers, his doctrine of mediation moves on quite different lines from the central New Testament doctrine, which is concerned above all with the reconciliation of God and man on account of sin, and not with the metaphysical reconciliation of the absolute and the finite world. The Mediator of Philo is an abstraction of speculative thought; the Mediator of the New Testament is a concrete historical person known to experience.SeePHILO, JUDAEUS" (equals)
Read Complete Article...
Whether Christ, is the Mediator of God and Men? ... OF CHRIST AS CALLED THE MEDIATOR OF GOD AND MAN (TWO ARTICLES) Whether Christ, is the Mediator of God and men? Objection 1: It would ... /.../aquinas/summa theologica/whether christ is the mediator.htm
Christ Our Mediator. ... NEW TESTAMENT VIEWS OF CHRIST. IX."CHRIST OUR MEDIATOR. ... ii.5-6). A mediator is one who comes between alienated parties to effect a reconciliation. ... /.../ix christ our mediator.htm
The Holy Spirit in the Mediator. ... Sixth chapter. THE MEDIATOR. XX. The Holy Spirit in the Mediator. "Who through the Eternal Spirit offered Himself without spot to God.""Hebrews 9:14. ... /.../kuyper/the work of the holy spirit/xx the holy spirit in.htm
As Christ is the Mediator of Life, So the Devil is the Mediator of ... ... Book IV. Chapter 10."As Christ is the Mediator of Life, So the Devil is the Mediator of Death. 13. Therein is our true peace and ... /.../augustine/on the holy trinity/chapter 10 as christ is the.htm
Who Then is that Mediator, who is in one Person Both Very God, and ... ... Lord's Day 6 Question 18 Who then is that Mediator, who is in one person both very God, and a real righteous man? Who then is that ... /.../various/the heidelberg catechism /question 18 who then is.htm
Christ Our Mediator. --Continued. ... PART III."SELECTIONS. NEW TESTAMENT VIEWS OF CHRIST. X."CHRIST OUR MEDIATOR."CONTINUED. "But now hath he [Christ] obtained ... /.../x christ our mediator continued.htm
A Mediator was Necessary to Reconcile us to God; and Unless this ... ... Chapter 108."A Mediator Was Necessary to Reconcile Us to God; And Unless This Mediator Had Been God, He Could Not Have Been Our Redeemer. ... /.../augustine/the enchiridion/chapter 108 a mediator was necessary.htm
Jesus, the Mediator of the New Covenant ... Chapter X. Jesus, the Mediator of the New Covenant. ... "The Mediator of the Better Covenant, established upon better promises . . . ... /.../murray/the two covenants/chapter x jesus the mediator.htm
Mediation... MEDIATION; MEDIATOR. me-di-a'-shun, me'-di-a-ter: I. INTRODUCTORY 1. The Terms (1) Mediation (2) Mediator 2. The Principle of Mediation II. .../m/mediation.htm - 38k
Kingly (7 Occurrences)... Christ's office as mediator comprehends three different functions, viz., those of a prophet, priest, and king. These are not three .../k/kingly.htm - 10k
Offices (14 Occurrences)... and Perfecter of Faith (Hebrews 12:2); Light of the World (John 8:12); Lamb of God (John 1:29, 36); Creator of all things (John 1:3, 10); Mediator (1 Timothy 2 .../o/offices.htm - 43k
Judgment (430 Occurrences)... 2 Corinthians 5:10; 2 Thessalonians 1:7-10). The judge is Jesus Christ, as mediator. All judgment is committed to him (Acts 17:31 .../j/judgment.htm - 52k
Intermediary (2 Occurrences)... It was ordained through angels by the hand of a mediator. (See RSV). Galatians 3:20 Now a mediator is not between one, but God is one. (See RSV). .../i/intermediary.htm - 7k
Transgressions (64 Occurrences)... It was added because of transgressions, until the seed should come to whom the promise has been made. It was ordained through angels by the hand of a mediator. .../t/transgressions.htm - 27k
Daysman (1 Occurrence)... Noah Webster's Dictionary. (n.) An umpire or arbiter; a mediator. Int. ... See also 1 Timothy 2:5, where the Saviour is termed the "one mediator. .../d/daysman.htm - 9k
Judaeus... Jewish Messiah had passed over into the Greek Logos, the two systems preserved their separation in no small measure, Philo being the most conspicuous mediator. .../j/judaeus.htm - 29k
Philo... Jewish Messiah had passed over into the Greek Logos, the two systems preserved their separation in no small measure, Philo being the most conspicuous mediator. .../p/philo.htm - 29k NIV)
Galatians 3:20 Now a mediator is not between one, but God is one.(WEB KJV WEY ASV DBY WBS YLT NAS NIV)
1 Timothy 2:5 For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus, NIV)
Hebrews 12:24 to Jesus, the mediator of a new covenant, and to the blood of sprinkling that speaks better than that of Abel.(WEB KJV ASV DBY WBS YLT NAS RSV NIV)
Job 33:23 "If there is beside him an angel, an interpreter, one among a thousand, to show to man what is right for him;(See NAS RSV NIV)
Mediator
Mediation
Kingly (7 Occurrences)
Offices (14 Occurrences)
Judgment (430 Occurrences)
Intermediary (2 Occurrences)
Transgressions (64 Occurrences)
Daysman (1 Occurrence)
Judaeus
Philo
Priest (500 Occurrences)
Life (6001 Occurrences)
King (25505 Occurrences)
Logos
Philosophy (1 Occurrence)
Promise (112 Occurrences)
Occurred (23 Occurrences)
Only (3813 Occurrences)
Whereas (55 Occurrences)
Intercessor (2 Occurrences)
Implies (4 Occurrences)
Imposed (16 Occurrences)
Individual (12 Occurrences)
Founded (42 Occurrences)
Footing (3 Occurrences)
Faith (769 Occurrences)
Ten (234 Occurrences)
Referred (7 Occurrences)
Represent (10 Occurrences)
Redeems (6 Occurrences)
Established (200 Occurrences)
Enacted (3 Occurrences)
Details (4 Occurrences)
Defining (1 Occurrence)
Mediators (1 Occurrence)
Mediates (1 Occurrence)
Michael (16 Occurrences)
Mediate (1 Occurrence)
Mean (93 Occurrences)
Promises (35 Occurrences)
Begotten (77 Occurrences)
Better (218 Occurrences)
Concerned (45 Occurrences)
Also (14457 Occurrences)
Agency (4 Occurrences)
Serveth (24 Occurrences)
Sanctioned (2 Occurrences)
Ordained (70 Occurrences)
Elihu (11 Occurrences)
Excellent (52 Occurrences)
Superior (18 Occurrences)
Offspring (186 Occurrences)
Obtained (61 Occurrences)
Added (97 Occurrences)
Sprinkling (48 Occurrences)
Speaketh (367 Occurrences)
Commandments (181 Occurrences)
Later (89 Occurrences)
Justification (6 Occurrences)
Speaks (109 Occurrences)
Inheritance (263 Occurrences)
Choose (116 Occurrences)
Abel (22 Occurrences)
Party (47 Occurrences)
Messengers (182 Occurrences)
Chosen (197 Occurrences)
Angels (99 Occurrences)
Covenant (309 Occurrences)
Age-during (167 Occurrences)
Aaron (343 Occurrences)
Priesthood (30 Occurrences)
Lutheran
Doctrine (52 Occurrences)
Effect (173 Occurrences)
Job (60 Occurrences)
Died (348 Occurrences)
New (1850 Occurrences)
Sake (241 Occurrences)
Ascension (1 Occurrence)Opinion
Rahul Gandhi is Not Even a 12/3.5 Politician
Opinion | Ashok Malik | Updated: July 01, 2014 15:14 IST
MORE BY ASHOK MALIK
- This Is Not Modi’s Instinct
- A PM Who Prefers Hindi
- Mulayam, Akhilesh And UP’s Descent Into Chaos
- Why The Hurry For Modi’s US Visit?
- Aiyar and Tharoor, the Two Ends of the Congress Predicament, By Ashok Malik
- After The Celebration, The Worries in Telangana
- With New Cabinet, Modi Measures the Crease
- The Congress’ Nehru-Gandhi Problem
- What Went Wrong for Nitish in Bihar
Advertisements
Why do political parties exist? At their essence, they seek enough votes to run and mould the government and get the government to act on their ideas for society and the public. As such, for senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh to suggest, as he did in an interview to NDTV, that Rahul Gandhi’s motivation is to “fight injustice … [and] fight for the poor, the downtrodden and underprivileged” but is not to take executive responsibility is not just contradictory, it is hypocritical.
If Rahul has a deep desire to “fight injustice”, he can do it in many ways. He can write newspaper articles, he can set up an NGO, he can make art-house films. For better or worse, he has chosen to enter politics and has chosen the platform of a political party. As such, it is incumbent upon him to take this party to power and to lead it from the front, pushing ahead with what he considers are his policy innovations.
In the same interview, Singh spoke of the need to win back “young voters who went against us [in the recent elections]” and of the need to “reinvent our programmes”. All of this – the need to win over alienated voters, reinvent programmes and win elections, the need to use government to fulfill party programmes (“fight for the poor, the downtrodden and underprivileged”, if you take Singh at face value) – is part of a political leader’s job. He can’t pick and choose.
Narendra Modi couldn’t get away by arguing he had excellent ideas for governance and development but somebody else in the BJP had to win the election for him. All of the responsibilities were his – the designing of an election platform, the convincing of voters, the winning of a mandate and, now, governance. It’s a tough job but politics, anywhere in the world and in any competitive democracy, is never easy. The one exception to this rule seems to be Rahul Gandhi, the world’s best-known part-time politician. Far from being a 24/7 politician, he’s not even a 12/3.5.
The Congress is a pyramid, a top-down party. This means when things go right, the leader – or leader family – deservedly gets the credit. The problem is when things go wrong, the family, at least Rahul, goes missing, leaving behind the familiar contrivance of an A.K. Antony Committee.
By now Antony has headed so many introspection and inquiry committees to study so many Congress election defeats and debacles that he should have no problem submitting a report on the loss of 2014. A simple cut-and-paste job, with dates and names updated, and with a large preamble that exonerates Sonia and Rahul Gandhi, will suffice. It is only to be expected that Antony will identify symptoms and ailments, but never the cause.
Take Antony’s recent statement about there being a “feeling that the Congress bats for a few communities, especially minorities”. Are not Sonia and Rahul responsible for this situation or, even if one is charitable, this perception? In the 10 years (2004-14) it was in power, the Congress leadership flirted with the thought of reservation for Muslims, knowing that a full-fledged religious quota was a constitutional impossibility. Yet, it continued to project the idea, and the Congress president and vice-president were no less guilty.
The declaration of the entire Muslim community in Andhra Pradesh as “backward” – a variation of this stratagem is now being attempted in Maharashtra – was part of this approach. In Kerala, Antony’s home state, the Congress’ congruence with Muslim radicals and sections of the Christian clergy is so strong that in the previous state election, the CPI(M) became the beneficiary of a Hindu backlash.
That apart, any meaningful introspection should ask why the Congress wasted the mandate of 2009, when it had won an impressive re-election. The fact is, it became overconfident and was convinced the 2014 election was already in the bag. It believed its hype and decided Rahul Gandhi was the leader India awaited and the one who was going to take the Congress to at the very minimum 70-100 seats (of 403) in the Uttar Pradesh assembly election of 2012 – and revive the party in the Hindi heartland.
For three years from 2009 to 2012, about every tough or meaningful decision was put on hold. Diesel prices were not raised. The economy was allowed to suffer. The resources of the government and the party were put at Rahul’s command as he flew in and out of Uttar Pradesh. Every form of identity politics – from a Brahmin card to a Dalit card to an OBC card to a Muslim card – was attempted. In the end, Rahul took the Congress to a drubbing. After that humiliation in Uttar Pradesh in 2012, the party had no stomach for 2014. The game was over, and so was the effective life of the UPA government.
Will Digvijaya and Antony ever admit to this? Will Rahul and Sonia?Rental Management One
Quick Facts
- In business under this name:)
- Vacation (2-4 units)
- Vacation (5-19 units)
- Vacation (Over 20 units)
- Hotel or Resort ()
- We manage properties in:6TH FLOOR REMO HOUSE
310-312 REGENT STREET
LONDON
W1B 3BS
There are 203
8 March 2016
Returns Next Due
5 April 2017
Mortgages
None
No previous names
Corporate Secretary
Appointed on 8 March 2011
6th
Floor
Remo House 310-312 Regent Street
London
W1B 3BS
United Kingdom
Director
Appointed on 8 March 2011
Nationality: Russian
Occupation: Director
Month of birth: December 1960
6th
Floor Remo House
310-312 Regent Street
London
W1B626E02Z. Transaction: MzE3MTA1NDUxMmFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 31 March 2016. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: A5FHCBEG. Transaction: MzE1NzY0MzQ0MGFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 8 March 2016. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: X537RPLT. Transaction: MzE0NDQ1NjU2M2FkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 31 March 2015. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: A4FKWECY. Transaction: MzEzMTA2ODEwMmFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 8 March 2015. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: X45VWQUJ. Transaction: MzEyMTY2MTg2N2FkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 31 March 2014. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: L3D965GO. Transaction: MzEwNTAwOTU2MGFkaXF6a2N4.
Category: Gazette. Type: DISS40. Transaction: MzEwMzg2MzM3MGFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 8 March 2014. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: X3C93OOQ. Transaction: MzEwMzg2MzMzNWFkaXF6a2N4.
Category: Gazette. Type: GAZ1. Transaction: MzEwMjkxNzU4NWFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 31 March 2013. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: A2L2MZZE. Transaction: MzA4ODgyMjA5OGFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 8 March 2013. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: X24V4IXD. Transaction: MzA3NTA5OTYzM2FkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 31 March 2012. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: L1N7XVDE. Transaction: MzA2OTI4NjY3MWFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 8 March 2012. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: X1BYDC4O. Transaction: MzA1OTg3NTk3MWFkaXF6a2N4.
Category: Incorporation. Type: NEWINC. Barcode: XYK46S8P. Transaction: MzAzMzM5NTA3N2FkaXF6a2N4.Davao Food Trip And Heritage TourAdventure!
Davao City Tourism
Note: This promo has expired.
Categories: Travel & Tours,
Door 8, Magsaysay Park Complex, Magsaysay Park, 8000 Davao City
June 14, 2016, 8 a.m.
The Food Trip and Walking Heritage Tour of Davao City is still in its experiment stage. The Department of Tourism Region XI and the City Tourism Office is still fine tuning it to be offered to tourists in the next Visit Davao Fun Sale in 2016.
But for now, Davaoeños can make the tour and re-acquaint themselves with the City’s history and culture, heritage and culinary delights.
Take the jeep. Go down. Breathe in Davao.vBulletin 3 & 4 Services
- plugin creation
- plugin & template modifications
- support (monthly package)
- security and optimization
- bug & error fixing
Website Development
Do you need a website developed or do you need a PHP developer to start or continue to work on a project?
I will be able to help you, I have been providing my services for 5 years and still counting.
Besides regular website development, you are also welcome to contact me to work on a vBulletin 4 or Laravel framework project.
Website & Server Security
Whether you need a website/server checked on how safe it is against hackers/spammers or you need someone to clean up the mess after a website/server hack, I can do it all.
If you have any kind of request that is not listed here, you are always free to contact me for an inquiry.
Quick Overview
Working Procedure
- Website Development
- Hack Clean Up
- Website/Server Security
When a new project is being initiated, a secure folder will be made on my own development server.
Once progress is being made, the client will receive a link to a live version.
For existing projects it is also possible to port it over to my own development server, although it is preferred to continue a project on the client's server.
If the client has been informed that the project has been finished, the client will have to check the live version of the project on my development server and give me approval. Once approval has been given, the (installation) files and documentation will be prepared. During the preparation the client will receive a link to the invoice with the ability to pay for it.
All of my website projects will come with 31 days of free support to patch bugs and other problems.
In order to clean up a hacked website or server, I will require at least access to (S)FTP. It's preferred to give me SSH access which will speed up the process by a lot.
In case malicious files are found on the server, a note will be made of the file its location. After that, the file will either be deleted or patched if the backdoor has been injected into a legitimate file.
Once the whole server has been scanned and cleaned, the client will be informed with the list of malicious files and, if necessary, recommendations of changes that can be made to the server in order to improve security.
1 - Code Analyze
The process of code analyze is fairly simple, I either get access to the server which contains the source code of the project or I will receive a download link of the source code. I will then start my code analyze and, on top of that, go over a special compiled check list to ensure the source code is safe. The client will receive a report with in-depth information about the results of my investigation. Note that only PHP code will be analyzed.
2 - Pentesting
I can pentest a website or the whole server. The difference between this is that for a website I will only pentest the website (HTTP or HTTPS) and see if there are ways to abuse mistakes in the code of the website. A server pentest means I will pentest the website and all other running services on the server.A TATTOO studio allegedly refused to serve a customer who wanted to get the HIV charity ribbon inked onto his body… because he suffers from the condition himself.
“Angry and disgusted” Matt Charlton accused Black Sheep Tattoo Company in Chester-le-Street, Country Durham, of turning him away because the “clinical disposal” of the needle used on him would cost too much.
The 36-year-old is now caught in a row with the parlour, who claim they would never refuse a customer with HIV.
The Greggs worker said: “I can’t believe we still get treated like this and there is a stigma stall about HIV in the day and age.”
Mr Charlton was diagnosed two years ago and already has four tattoos. He claims he was discussing plans for a new tattoo of the symbolic HIV ribbon with the artist at the studio before she refused, The Metro reports.
How HIV is spread
ACCORDING to the NHS, HIV is found in the body fluids of an infected person. These include semen, vaginal and anal fluids, blood and breast milk.
The virus cannot be transmitted through sweat or urine and is most commonly contracted through anal or vaginal sex without a condom.
Other ways of getting HIV include using a contaminated needle, syringe or other injecting equipment, as well as transmission from mother to baby during pregnancy, birth or breastfeeding.
“First she said I needed to see the doctor about my immune system and get a note from them,” he explained.
“I made the appointment and she then gave me back my deposit, telling me to come back when I had my results.
“But then after I left the shop she rang me to say she had done some research and couldn’t tattoo me because it would cost too much for clinical disposal,”
He added: “I’m no different than anyone else and I shouldn’t be treated differently to anyone else.”
A statement from the Black Sheep Tattoo Company said: “In line with normal procedure, we requested that the customer seek the advice of their GP with regards to the healing process based on the information provided.
most popular
“We We have never, and would never, refuse any customer with HIV from being tattooed in this studio and would welcome Mr Charlton back into the studio at any time.”
Mr Charlton says he plans to test that commitment.
According to Dr Michael Brady, medical director at HIV charity the Terrence Higgins Trust, no specific precautions are needed when tattooing a HIV sufferer.
Disposing of needles after tattooing customers is considered standard practice in studios.
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368Aristotle on Education
first edition
1967 · NY/London
by BURNET, John (ed.)
NY/London: Cambridge University Press, 1967. Very Good. First paperback. Very good in wrappers. First Paperback Edition. Book has light rub of spine ends and cover edges, light fading spine and covers, sticker front cover, some pencil underlining through out text. Please Note: This book has been transferred to Between the Covers from another database and might not be described to our usual standards. Please inquire for more detailed condition information. (Inventory #: 121286)Hannah Cohen
Brooklyn, NY
IntroI am a wedding, lifestyle, and editorial photographer based in Brooklyn. I love capturing honest storytelling imagery to help individuals and brands share their persona and mission with the world.
Services Offered
photography
Offer
I can teach you how to take a great portrait. We can chat about posing your subject, lighting, and location scouting.
BackgroundI studied photojournalism and have been working as a photographer full time for 5 years. I am a wedding, lifestyle, and editorial photographer and have been published locally and internationally.
Knowledge level
Professional
$40/hour
Other Skills
Member References
Peer references are the cornerstone of our community.
Write Hannah Cohen a reference to verify their skills.My ellie rises from the snowbank-spreading her light to the world! I was kind of disappointed with my first ever effort at a light display (other than tacking lights along a fence post). I shrugged it off and left it up and vowed to improve next year. Then the blizzard came along and transformed my meager efforts into something more, and reminded me that any effort at all is better than not trying.
Shine on with all your lights.
Too true. Just think, if you had not put up the ellie, we would not have this spotlighted bit of playfulness to enjoy. You have the beginnings of a circus and I bet we will see more next year.
she is beautiful!
debra kay, you are so wise and so right on!
love love
kj
I really was overcome a bit last night when I walked out expecting to shoot icicles and I got a glimpse of this little girl rising up with her ball, ready to play.
She's my own little Rudolph.
So funny. I'm surprised her lights didn't get soggy! Hope you had a brilliant Christmas.
How lovely! I hope you had a wonderful Christmas!No part of this document may be reproduced by any means without the written permission from your 4th grade P.E. teacher.
No fur-bearing animals were harmed during the creation of this web page.
Allergy alert: may contain nutmeg, but I doubt it.
Return for full refund where applicable.
Not recommended for persons with sugar-restricted diets.
Batteries are included -- best of luck finding them.
Proud sponsor of the 1934 penguin olympic games at McMurdo Sound, Antarctica.
Contents under pressure.
BHT added to preserve freshness.
Caution: this page has caused some laboratory rats to rip through their cages, fly across the room and brutally murder hundreds of innocent people.
Shake well before viewing.
Not to be combined with other radioisotopes except under the advice of a physician.
Avoid prolonged exposure to ultraviolet light.
The truth is out there.
Use at own risk.
Printed on unrecycled dead trees and proud of it.
Avoid spraying in eyes.
Do not store product in places that exceed 120 deg.F as container may burst
If rash develops, discontinue use.
for external use only, in case of accidental ingestion, seek professional assistance.
All doors to remain unlocked during business hours.
Warning: you have been warned
Enter
at your own risk
Last updated 5/23/99!!!
WOO-HOO finally after almost 2 years!A homework assignment about police brutality that was given to a class at Wilson Middle School in Hamilton, Ohio, has caused a considerable amount of concern and outrage among parents.
The assignment, entitled "Vocabulary – Police Brutality," tested students' vocabulary skills by asking them to fill in the blanks in the worksheet using words from a list, WLWT reported.
The words in the list included "brutality," "merely," "prosecuted," "excessive," and "minority."
This paragraph in the worksheet in particular has raised the ire of some parents, who are now discussing the assignment on Facebook:
"The numbers don't lie; minority people (more so black than Hispanic) experience more violent arrests from police officers than do white people. The unfortunate thing is that most police officers aren't prosecuted in cases of brutality against them."
The worksheet continues with, "These cases [rarely] make it to court and the officers are acquitted of any crime."
Hamilton City Schools Superintendent Tony Orr responded to parents' criticism by explaining that the purpose of the assignment was to help students exercise their critical thinking skills while discussing current events.
“We have a teacher that's given a topic, and we will continue to work with all of our teachers to make sure that, yes, we want higher level thinking," Orr told WLWT. "We want our kids to read and write critically, but in doing that, we also need to develop our lesson plans accordingly."
Orr did not say whether the teacher who assigned the worksheet planned to give out a similar assignment in the future that is more supportive of police officers.
It is unclear whether any disciplinary action was taken against the teacher, who is still employed with Hamilton City Schools at this time.
This was not the first time a homework assignment on current events has caused controversy.
In November 2015, the parent of a ninth grader in the Houston Independent School District complained about an assignment that her daughter received in her geography class which asked students to analyze the words of an ISIS recruiter, KTRK reported at the time.
The assignment was given to students a few days after the terrorist organization's attacks in Paris.
Sources: WLWT, KTRK / Photo credit: YouTube ScreenshotDetails
Buddeez-Bag In Pet Food Dispenser. No bugs, no spills and no mess! Bag-In feature allows dispensing of food from the original bag while maintaining nutritional information. Holds up to 22lbs of pet food! Contains one 32 quart Bag-In pet food dispenser. BPA free. FDA approved food contact safe resin. Made in USA.The other day I was at the library looking for books for Michael and on the new release shelf was this book. I absolutely feel in love with the cover. I picked it and started to read it right there and I had to borrow this book. Michael loved the story and we are reading it almost every day. We love the book so much that I actually ordered it online for our collection. We are able to borrow the book for three weeks so I am hoping our copy comes in soon if not I will try to renew it again.
The age range of the book was 4-8 years old.
The story is about a tiny girl who lives inside a toy castle, that is in a globe and its inside a museum. She’s only visible to the the children who are looking in and who are quiet and look hard enough. The girl is lonely. When the children leave the little girl dreams of them visiting her.
Kate Bernheimer starts the story like a fairy tale that has the familiar “Once upon a time there was a girl who lived in a castle”. I think this is the perfect start for this fairy tale. In the story we hear about the little girl’s dreams and her ache for wanting a friend like the kids peering in on her. The reader is asked if we want to be her friend and to do that we are asked to put a photo of ourselves in the girl’s castle so we keep her company. We are told that she can see us.
The story ends with the reader being asked “Do you see her? She sees you,”
About the author:
Kate Bernheimer.
About the illustrator:
Nicoletta Cecolli is the illustrator of many acclaimed picture books published around the world, including The Barefoot Book of Fairy Tales, retold by Malachy Doyle. She lives in San Marino, Italy.
You can see Nicoletta’s work HERE. Her illustrations are absolutely beautiful.
If you are reading this on a blog or website other than Cindy’s Love Of Books or via a feedreader, this content has been stolen and used without permission.
What a fantastic cover!
I can see why the cover drew you in – it’s fabulous!Kitchen Shears
Verified Buyer Reviewed by R Jacobs from Ohio on Wednesday, July 8, 2015
Solid. Nice edge. Good steel. Endurance is the key for kitchen shears. Family members always know where to find these things that cut other things, so they tend to get used to cut EVERYTHING. I'm hopeful these will hold their own. At these prices, get a couple!
Most helpful positive reviews
Most helpful negative reviews
Similar items and more information in the following areas:Hello everyone! I had a pretty chill week, but a very exciting weekend. On Thursday a couple of friends came to Dubai from Italy to visit me and Massimo. They are staying with us for a week! The ...
- November 5, 2017
- 33 Comments
- Charles & Keith, Dubai, KITE Beach, MATTO Dubai, The Entertainer114 WESTBURY AVENUE
LONDON
ENGLAND
N22 6RT
22 December 2015
Returns Next Due
19 January 2017
Mortgages
None
Director
Appointed on 22 December 2010
Nationality: British
Occupation: Architect
Month of birth: October 1977
22
Sycamore Road
Croxley Green
Rickmansworth
Hertfordshire
WD3 3TDRCAL5. Transaction: MzE4NjI0NTg0MWFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 28 July 2017. Category: Address. Type: AD01. Barcode: X6BMLEIZ. Transaction: MzE4MTcxMzQzNWFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 22 December 2016. Category: Confirmation statement. Type: CS01. Barcode: X5XFVSPT. Transaction: MzE2NTkzODIyMWFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 31 December 2015. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: X5E7IKBV. Transaction: MzE1NjAxNjE4N2FkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 22 December 2015. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: X4YUO9YS. Transaction: MzEzOTg4MjIzOWFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 18 January 2016. Category: Address. Type: AD01. Barcode: X4YUOA3L. Transaction: MzEzOTg4MTcwNmFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 31 December 2014. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: X4H93SCQ. Transaction: MzEzMjMxNzQ3OGFkaXF6a2N4.
Category: Change of name. Type: CERTNM. Barcode: X4CJPJCA. Transaction: MzEyNzkyMzA3MGFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 22 December 2014. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: X3ZDC468. Transaction: MzExNTU2NjU2OGFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 31 December 2013. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: X3HVKSKJ. Transaction: MzEwODgzNTIxM2FkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 22 December 2013. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: X2ZWWCIR. Transaction: MzA5MjkwODM1NWFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 2 January 2014. Category: Officers. Type: CH01. Barcode: X2ZWWCIJ. Transaction: MzA5MjkwODM0N2FkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 19 January 2014. Category: Address. Type: AD01. Barcode: X2ZWWCIB. Transaction: MzA5MjkwODM0NmFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 31 December 2012. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: X2I0KVWR. Transaction: MzA4NjA3MDA0N2FkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 22 December 2012. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: X20JTD1V. Transaction: MzA3MTQ2MTE2N2FkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 22 December 2011. Category: Annual return. Type: AR01. Barcode: X13AC89K. Transaction: MzA1MzAwMDUxNmFkaXF6a2N4.
Action Date: 31 December 2011. Category: Accounts. Type: AA. Barcode: X11HSSQJ. Transaction: MzA1MTUyMTk2MWFkaXF6a2N4.
Category: Incorporation. Type: NEWINC. Barcode: XAWPYQ5L. Transaction: MzAyOTIwNzYxM2FkaXF6a2N4.Hospital Medicine
Adverse effects of rheumatologic drugs
- Adverse effects of rheumatologic adverse effects of rheumatologic drugs.
- B. Common Pitfalls and Side-Effects of Management of this Clinical Problem
- Hypersensitivity reactions
- Infectious complications
- Cardiovascular complications
- Pulmonary complications
- Hematologic complications
- Immunological complications
- Gastrointestinal complications
- Neuropsychiatric complications
- Renal complications
- Cutaneous complications
- Endocrine complications
- Risk of malignancy
- Musculoskeletal complications
- Other complications
- Other medications used in rheumatology
I. Problem/Condition.
A sizeable number of hospitalized patients are on anti-rheumatic medications. Agents include non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), corticosteroids, immunomodulators such as azathioprine, and biologic agents such as infliximab.
These agents are associated with a variety of adverse events that could either represent the reason for inpatient admission or something that a clinician should watch for. This article will review the diagnostic approach and management strategy for common side effects related to anti-rheumatic medications.
A. What is the differential diagnosis for this problem?
N/A
B. Describe a diagnostic approach/method to the patient with this problem
N/A
1. Historical information important in the diagnosis of this problem.
The approach to a patient with a potential adverse effect involves awareness of mechanism of action of these drugs and recognizing that the side effects can present as multi-system involvement. The anti-rheumatic drugs reviewed in this article are as follows: NSAIDs, cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2) inhibitors, glucocorticoids, hydroxychloroquine, sulfasalazine, methotrexate (MTX), leflunomide, cyclosporine, cyclophosphamide, etanercept, infliximab, adalimumab and anakinra, abatacept, rituximab, tocilizumab (TCZ), and tofacitinib.
Historically, MTX is a disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drug that is commonly used in the majority of patients as a long-term treatment. Time until 50% of users discontinuing this medication was more than 96 months, as compared to 43 months of sulfasalazine and 33 months for D-penicillamine.
A. Management of adverse effects of rheumatologic drugs.
Management involves triaging of these complications and recognizing a life-threatening event.
Monitoring of adverse drug reactions is essential and discontinuation of the offending medication should reverse most untoward consequences over time. Management of adverse drug reactions is mostly symptomatic, including providing supportive care for the specific system involved.
B. Common Pitfalls and Side-Effects of Management of this Clinical Problem
Hypersensitivity reactions
Any of the anti-rheumatic medications can cause an allergic reaction, when started initially. Hypersensitivity reactions can occur within 2 hours of infusion of intravenous drugs. Symptoms include hives, skin rash (morbilliform), urticaria, bronchospasm, abdominal pain, diarrhea and life-threatening reactions such as angioedema and anaphylactic shock.
These are type I hypersensitivity reactions and are mediated by immunoglobulin E (IgE) and immunoglobulin G4 (IgG4). Management includes antihistamines and steroids. In severe cases, epinephrine (1:1000 for subcutaneous injections or 1:10000 for intravenous forms) and intubation might be required.
Delayed infusion reactions may represent mild type III (immune-mediated complex) reactions and may resemble serum sickness in the timing of their onset. These reactions develop between 1-14 days after treatment, but typically occur after 5-7 days. They can be associated with skin rash, diffuse joint pain, myalgias, fatigue, or fever.
Local injection site reactions are common adverse reactions, affecting up to 70% of the population receiving injectable forms of anti-rheumatic medications.
Etanercept, the first biological agent with Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved labelling for use in rheumatoid arthritis (RA), has shown efficacy and can be associated with injection-site reactions. Anakinra (interleukin-1-receptor antagonist) used in severe RA can present with injection-site reactions causing ecchymosis and inflammation of the site, lasting up to 14-28 days.
Saline dressings and rotating the injection sites are helpful and application of topical steroids can decrease the inflammation.
Infectious complications
Glucocorticoids are important anti-inflammatory drugs used in the treatment of RA and systemic lupus erythematosis (SLE), and are also used to manage systemic complications such as nephritis and vasculitis. The mechanism of action is via repression of gene transcription-encoding inflammatory markers, and the adverse effects are mostly because of either positively- or negatively-regulating gene expression and involve several organ systems.
Glucocorticoids can affect both innate and acquired immunity. They suppress the immune system by decreasing the ability of leukocytes to adhere to vascular endothelium and to exit from the circulation.
They also inhibit the transcription of inflammatory cytokine, such as interleukin-1 and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha. Phagocytes are critical components of innate immunity and steroids inhibit phagocytosis by downregulating antigen presentation and expression of Class II human leukocyte antigen (HLA) molecules.
Patients on prednisone doses as low as 10 mg for more than 6 months can suffer from immune suppression. These patients are susceptible to viral (herpes zoster), fungal and bacterial infections, and also new onset or reactivation of tuberculosis. Reactivation of Strongyloides stercolais can occur. Helminthic and protozoan infections are unusual except in areas of the world where they are endemic.
Pneumocystis jirovecii is an opportunistic infection which can be seen in not only long-term low dose corticosteroid use, but also in short-term high dose usage. Once a day Trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole should be started in patients who are immunocompromised to prevent Pneumocystis infection, and in acute settings, intravenous pentamidine is used. Adjunctive corticosteroids are not recommended in patients without human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.
Etanercept is a TNF-alpha blocker and can lead to serious infections, which may result in hospitalization and/or death. Higher incidence of infections and disseminated (rather than local) infections are usually seen in patients receiving concomitant immunosuppressive agents (e.g., MTX or corticosteroids).
Etanercept can lead to active tuberculosis (or reactivation of latent tuberculosis), invasive fungal (including aspergillosis, blastomycosis, candidiasis, coccidioidomycosis, histoplasmosis, and pneumocystis pneumonia), bacterial, viral, or other opportunistic infections (including legionellosis and listeriosis).
Infliximab (chimeric) and adalimumab (recombinant) are monoclonal antibodies that bind to TNF-alpha and are used in moderate to severe RA and also in ankylosing spondylitis. They mostly share the side effect profile of etanercept when it comes to infections.
Management of these infectious complications is based on early diagnosis of the specific infection and initiating treatment with specific anti-viral, anti-fungal or anti-bacterials. Purified protein derivative (PPD) skin testing should be done prior to starting patients on biological agents.
When there is prolonged productive cough, hemoptysis, weight loss, and fevers with night sweats in a patient, patients should be put in respiratory isolation and sputum should be tested for acid fast bacilli and imaging of chest done to rule out tuberculosis.
Cardiovascular complications
Uncontrolled hypertension is seen with NSAIDs use, selective COX-2 inhibitors, and corticosteroids. Some patients on NSAIDs and high dose steroids can rarely present with hypertensive emergencies. COX-2 inhibitors have also been associated with deep vein thrombosis, arrhythmias (tachycardia and bradycardia), and congestive heart failure. Celecoxib is also known to precipitate acute myocardial infarction, weight gain and peripheral edema.
In addition to uncontrolled hypertension, cardiovascular effects of steroids include worsening of lipid profile (increase in low density lipoprotein and triglycerides), acceleration of atherosclerosis, ischemic heart disease and congestive heart failure. These effects are probably secondary to fluid and sodium retention. There is also high risk of stroke and "all cause" mortality associated with use of glucocorticoids.
Management includes monitoring of fasting lipid profiles, blood pressure, assessing coronary artery disease based on symptoms, either through stress testing or angiography, and starting on statins, antihypertensives and antiplatelets depending on the need.
Pulmonary complications
Pulmonary complications such as bronchospasm and acute exacerbation of reactive airway disease are seen more commonly with aspirin use as compared to other NSAIDs. Patients can also present with a syndrome of fever, cough, dyspnea, infiltrates on chest x-ray, and peripheral eosinophilia. Management of these patients consists of starting low dose glucocorticoids and discontinuation of NSAIDs.
MTX-induced lung toxicity can have both acute and chronic presentations and is a serious and unpredictable event. Diagnosis is done by clinical history and radiographic findings, but the bronchoalveolar lavage plays an important role both in excluding infectious agents and in providing information for understanding the pathogenesis of lung injury.
The spectrum of pulmonary complications ranges from hypersensitivity pneumonitis (HSP), non-HSP pneumonitis, and P. jirovecii infection to bronchitis. Risk factors include patients with pre-existing lung disease represented by diffuse interstitial changes on chest X-ray, mild bronchial asthma or by pulmonary silicosis. Early diagnosis of MTX-induced lung injury is necessary as it is potentially reversible.
Leflunomide is a newer disease-modifying antirheumatic drug (DMARD) that reduces pyrimidine synthesis, thus decreasing rheumatoid inflammation. Leflunomide appears to be as effective as MTX, but can cause pulmonary artery hypertension (PAH). Management of PAH depends on the severity and is highly sub-specialised and warrants consulting a pulmonologist.
Hematologic complications
Although antiplatelet effects of NSAIDs, especially aspirin, is indicated in coronary artery disease, aspirin should be avoided in patients with thrombocytopenia, uremia and von Willebrand disease. NSAIDs decrease thromboxane A2 causing a decrease in platelet aggregation.
Other hematological effects of NSAIDs include neutropenia and interaction with warfarin, accentuating its effects and increasing international normalized ratio (INR). MTX, etanercept and other biological agents can cause severe pancytopenia secondary to bone marrow suppression. Leflunomide does not necessitate monitoring for bone marrow toxicity. Hydroxychloroquine, an antimalarial drug that is used in RA and SLE, can also cause pancytopenia and hemolysis in glucose-6-phosphatase deficiency (G6PD) patients and should be avoided in such patients.
Close monitoring of blood counts and decreasing the medication doses is helpful in preventing pancytopenia.
Immunological complications
Rarely, some patients on infliximab and adalimumab rarely develop antinuclear antibodies, antibodies to double-stranded deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), and anti-infliximab antibodies, causing lupus-like disease. Henoch-Schonlein purpura is a small-vessel vasculitis and is seen with infliximab and with etanercept therapy and not with adalimumab. Discontinuation of these anti-rheumatic drugs can reverse the lupus-like manifestations but might take up to one year.
Gastrointestinal complications
NSAIDs inhibit cyclooxygenase and prevent subsequent formation of prostaglandins (which protect gastric mucosa). Less serious side effects of NSAIDs include nausea, vomiting and dyspepsia. More seriously, patients can present with upper or lower gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding manifested as melena, coffee-ground emesis, or bright red blood per rectum.
Celecoxib and other selective COX-2 inhibitors should be considered for patients who are candidates for NSAID therapy but at risk for GI bleeding. Even though they offer a superior safety profile as compared to more traditional NSAIDs, there is still a risk of GI bleeding - both upper and lower. Celecoxib occasionally increases liver enzymes and can rarely cause esophageal perforation and fulminant hepatic failure.
GI effects of steroids include dyspepsia, hepatic steatosis, peptic ulcer disease and increased risk of GI bleeding. The risk of GI bleeding increases 4-fold with concomitant use of NSAIDs.
GI complications caused by MTX include stomatitis, mouth ulcerations, liver toxicity - causing elevation of aminotransferases, autoimmune hepatitis, portal fibrosis, and cirrhosis. Long duration of therapy, alcohol intake, diabetes mellitus, obesity, and prior history of hepatitis B or C and age (greater than 60 years) have been found to be risk factors for the development of hepatic disease. Infliximab and adalimumab show increases in alanine transaminase especially when there is concomitant use with MTX.
GI side effects of hydroxychloroquine include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, increased liver enzymes, and hepatic failure in some isolated cases.
Management of patients with GI bleeding includes hemodynamic stability, proton pump inhibitors and blood transfusion if necessary. Liver functions tests need to be monitored and if there is a suspicion of fulminant hepatic failure, assessment of the patient for liver transplantation should be initiated.
Neuropsychiatric complications
Central nervous system (CNS) effects of steroids include memory loss in geriatric patients. Psychosis can occur in some patients and is shown to be worse in patients with hypoalbuminemia. It can persist even after discontinuation of the steroid and responds well to antipsychotic medications. It is important to differentiate neuropsychiatric manifestations of SLE from steroid-induced psychosis.
In patients with SLE who are treated with ibuprofen and other NSAIDs of the phenylpropionic acid class who are presenting with altered mental status, aseptic meningitis should be considered.
CNS side effects of hydroxychloroquine include vertigo, headaches, ataxia, and neuromyopathy causing weakness and atrophy of proximal muscle groups. Etanercept is known to exacerbate some demyelinating diseases like optic neuritis, Guillain-Barre syndrome, transverse myelitis, and multiple sclerosis and causes either new onset or exacerbation of seizures.
Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) is a subacute central nervous system infection, caused by reactivation of John Cunningham virus. It is a rare, but devastating complication that can occur with the use of MTX, infliximab, rituximab, and leflunomide. Patients with lupus are at a higher risk for PML compared to patients with RA.
When admitting these patients, they should be under seizure precautions.
Renal complications
NSAIDs can cause acute kidney injury and chronic kidney disease (secondary to afferent arteriolar vasoconstriction and tubulotoxic effect and papillary necrosis). NSAIDs cause acute tubular necrosis presenting with muddy brown casts, urine sodium greater than 40 mEq/L, fractional excretion of sodium (FENa) greater than 2%, and elevated blood urea and creatinine levels. Celecoxib has been known to increase creatinine phosphokinase (CPK) levels and cause proteinuria in some patients.
Severe hypokalemia, metabolic alkalosis and sometimes sudden death can be seen in cases of pulse steroid therapy where there is rapid infusion of high doses of steroids. Stopping the medication will usually revert the kidney function back to baseline, unless in severe cases where hemodialysis may be indicated.
Cutaneous complications
Skin effects of NSAIDs and hydroxychloroquine include less severe reactions such as urticaria, pseudoporphyria, and morbilliform rash, to life-threatening Steven-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis. Also hydroxychloroquine typically is known to cause hyper pigmentation.
Stevens-Johnson syndrome is a medical emergency requiring inpatient treatment and is manifested by painful, erythematous or purplish rash on the skin and mucosal membranes, which can later slough off.
Management includes stopping the offending medication, supportive care for hemodynamic stability, intravenous steroids, and occasionally intravenous immunoglobulin transfusion.
MTX-induced cutaneous manifestations, in acute settings, usually precede bone marrow suppression and are of two types: type I has painful ulcerations and necrosis of psoriatic lesions, seen in patients on higher doses of MTX. Type II is seen in patients on lower doses of the medication and in those having pre-existing skin conditions like stasis dermatitis. It takes longer to heal and the lesions are usually reversible after stopping the medication.
Endocrine complications
Glucocorticoids are known to cause chronic adrenal insufficiency (prednisone for at least a few weeks), obesity with cushingoid features (distribution of body fat with truncal obesity, buffalo hump and moon face), glucose intolerance, and worsening of diabetes mellitus in chronic settings. Monitoring of hemoglobin A1C (HgA1C) and fingersticks and managing with insulin therapy may be necessary.
Patients on chronic glucocorticoid therapy can sometimes present acutely with adrenal crisis manifested by hypotension, nausea and vomiting, hyponatremia, and hyperkalemia, and need hospitalisation. Therapy with intravenous fluids and dexamethasone should be initiated immediately if there is a suspicion of acute adrenal insufficiency without waiting for the laboratory results of serum cortisol or ACTH stimulation tests.
Risk of malignancy
Non-selective NSAIDs have been described in relation to increased risk of malignancies such as renal, colorectal, prostate, and breast cancers. Rarely, anakinra is associated with an increased risk of lymphoma in patients with RA. Black box warning for azathioprine and etanercept, adalimumab, and also other immunosuppressive agents shows development of lymphoma, hepatosplenic T-cell lymphoma and other malignancies, especially of the skin.
Musculoskeletal complications
Myopathy is seen in chronic steroid use and involves proximal muscles. This proximal muscle weakness should be differentiated from symptoms of dermatomyositis and polymyositis. Glucocorticoids reduce bone formation and increase bone resorption causing osteoporosis and increasing the risk of fractures. Vertebral fractures typically occur early on after exposure to glucocorticoids.
Replacing calcium, vitamin D, and starting patients on bisphosphonates is the treatment regimen for osteoporosis.
Other complications
Ophthalmological effects of steroids include cataract formation, precipitation of glaucoma and rarely, central serous chorioretinopathy, where there is fluid accumulation between the retina and the choroid. Hydroxychloroquine is known to cause ocular side effects including abnormal color vision, blurred vision and photophobia, optic disc pallor, and retinopathy, warranting yearly screening.
NSAID poisoning can be seen in either accidental or intentional overdose and is fairly uncommon. It is important to rule out other common ingredients like acetaminophen and salicylates when taking a history.
Acute mental status changes can be seen in severe poisoning. Severe anion-gap metabolic acidosis presenting with cardiac arrhythmias and electrolyte imbalances seen in NSAID poisoning, is due to tissue hypoxia causing high lactate levels and also due to weakly acidic NSAID metabolites.
Acute kidney disease could be secondary to severe papillary necrosis. Management includes stabilizing the patient with advanced cardiac life support (ACLS) protocol and then GI decontamination with charcoal based on the time of ingestion. After that management includes supportive care with fluid resuscitation, correction of acidosis and electrolyte imbalances and in rare instances hemodialysis. There is no specific antidote for NSAID poisoning.
Other medications used in rheumatology
Sulfasalazine contains active metabolite sulfapyridine which acts as a DMARD in patients with RA, and the side effects can be differentiated into idiosyncratic reactions - where the drug should be stopped and probably not used again, and dose-related side effects in which dose reduction can help resolve the problems.
Idiosyncratic effects include skin reactions, hepatitis, pneumonitis, agranulocytosis, and aplastic anemia. Dose-related side effects include GI upset, central nervous system symptoms, and some less severe hematologic toxicity.
Azathioprine antagonizes purine metabolism, interferes with cellular metabolism and mitosis and crosses the placenta. Side effects include fever, rash, bone marrow suppression causing pancytopenia, diarrhea and as it suppresses immunity it can cause multiple infections.
Hepatotoxicity is manifested by increasing transaminases and bilirubin and sinusoidal occlusive disease. Sweet’s syndrome (acute febrile illness with neutrophilic dermatosis) is an uncommon side effect of azathioprine.
Cyclosporine is used in RA and lupus nephritis, and acts by inhibiting the production and release of interleukin (IL) II and inhibits the IL II mediated activation of resting T-lymphocytes. Significant adverse effects include hypertension, peripheral edema and worsening of kidney function.
Renal biopsy might be indicated to differentiate between lupus nephritis and cyclosporine induced nephropathy in patients who are already on treatment for lupus nephritis. GI side effects include nausea, vomiting, GI bleeding (most common is upper) and pancreatitis.
Patients on cyclosporine are susceptible to multiple infections ranging from simple upper respiratory tract infections to pneumonias, renal abscess and sepsis syndrome. It can also worsen hypertension. If patients are on other concomitant immunosuppressive agents, the risk of skin cancer is increased.
Tacrolimus binds to an intracellular protein FK binding protein 12 (FKBP-12) thus inhibiting T-lymphocyte activation. Significant side effects include susceptibility to infections secondary to immunosuppressive action. GI effects include nausea, vomiting, diarrhea and ascites. It can worsen hypertension, peripheral edema and also can cause new-onset diabetes mellitus, which is more common in post-transplant patients rather than in patients with rheumatological diseases.
Hematological effects include pancytopenia and rarely, coagulation disorders and disseminated intravascular coagulation. Neuromuscular side effects include tremors, paresthesias, myoclonus, and rarely myasthenia gravis. Hypersensitivity reactions including anaphylaxis and shock have been reported.
Cyclophosphamide is an alkylating agent that suppresses cell division and DNA synthesis and is sometimes used unlabelled in severe RA, lupus nephritis and Wagener's granulomatosis. Significant side effects include sterility by interfering with oogenesis and spermatogenesis, pancytopenia, increased susceptibility to infections, and severe alopecia.
Cyclophosphamide is typically associated with severe hemorrhagic cystitis and urinary fibrosis. At higher doses, it can exacerbate congestive heart failure. Delayed effects include increased incidence of malignancies.
RA and SLE are diseases affecting commonly women of childbearing age and the usage of anti-rheumatic drugs in pregnancy and lactation should be considered on an individual basis. Hydroxychloroquine, sulfasalazine, NSAIDs, and aspirin are considered safe in pregnancy. Varying rates of preterm births, spontaneous abortions, and congenital defects are seen with various anti-rheumatic drugs, and their use is recommended only after consultation with a rheumatologist and obstetrician.
Disease-modifying anti-rheumatic nanomedicines (DMARNs) are a novice concept in treating RA. As they are both biocompatible and biodegradable and target inflamed joints selectively, they minimize the doses of drugs and prevent collateral damage to healthy tissues. Clinical trials are yet to begin however, and adverse reactions to these drug-loaded nanocarriers are unknown.
In conclusion, it is important to realize that anti-rheumatic medications are associated with a wide range of side effects. Early recognition and management are crucial for an optimum outcome. Consultation with a rheumatologist (and other sub-specialists) is sometimes warranted when patients do not respond to first line management of complications.
IV. What's the evidence?
Nurmohamed, MT,, van Halm, VP,, Dijkmans, BA. "Cardiovascular risk profile of antirheumatic agents in patients with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.". Drugs. vol. 62. 2002. pp. 1599-609.
Salaffi, F,, Manganelli, P,, Carotti, M,, Subiaco, S. "Methotrexate-induced pneumonitis in patients with rheumatoid arthritis and psoriatic arthritis: report of five cases and review of the literature.". Clin Rheumatol. vol. 16. 1997. pp. 296-304.
Wiens, A,, Venson, R,, Correr, CJ,, Otuki, MF. "Meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of adalimumab, etanercept, and infliximab for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.". Pharmacotherapy. vol. 30. 2010. pp. 339 mean, the list goes on and on. The book addresses everything from silverware and glasses to sittings, toasts and invitations. I absolutely love it. It makes me want to throw some kind of party right now!
When I think of it, good party definitely depends on details. They can be overseen and nobody will mind because it is most important to have a good time. But still, if you do pay attention to those little details and make an extra effort, your party will definitely be remembered as a special one. As I mentioned so many times on this blog before, glamour is in little details, in that extra mile you go to make it more special. There are many nice customs that we don’t pay so much attention to anymore. Like bringing a little gift for the hostess or sending invitations to your guests. These things are sweet but often forgotten. I absolutely love that I came across this little book to remind me of all the ways that make a good party worth attending.
I believe in doing your best in absolutely everything. Put an extra effort in whatever you do, and parties are no different. Prepare in advance, consult an expert (Kate Spade for example) and practice regularly. Imagine your dream party and what would make it special. Your friends, food, drinks, music, decorations… there are so many things that need attention but in the end, it is definitely worth while. Award yourself with a little bit of glamour everyday and invite people over as often as you can. Years will go by quickly and what you will remember most will be the fun and exquisite moments you shared with your dear friends. So don’t be lazy, make a to-do list and start organising your next best party.
“Every occasion calls out for something extra, whether it’s flowers you set on the table, foods to honor a special gathering, or the selection of music. For both hostess and guest, consideration of those around you is the most important qualities for any enjoyable occasion. Kate Spade invites you into her world of easy, festive entertaining, where the emphasis is not on “the perfect meal” but on having “the perfect time”.”
photos: Demarchelier, von Umwerth, unknownCurriculum
The predoctoral dental curriculum leads to the award of the doctor of dental medicine (D.M.D.) degree. The objectives of the curriculum are the education of competent general practitioners of dentistry and preparation for life-long learning and advanced training. Health care is more than a collection of knowledge and skills; dental professionals need certain personal qualities to meet the needs of their patients and the standards of their peers. The school fosters each student's commitment to support high ethical values, a liking for people and for unselfish service, an understanding of human relations, the ability to communicate, and a broad understanding of the community's and nation's health goals.
The first year begins with an introduction to professionalism, dental history and a cadaveric gross anatomy course. Courses in biochemistry, physiology, histology, neuroscience, dental anatomy, head and neck anatomy and inflammation follow to build on the sciences needed to provide oral health care. Students are introduced to the fundamentals of the oral examination, oral radiology, dental materials, periodontology and prevention of dental diseases.
The second year emphasizes development of the skills needed for dental techniques and the fundamentals for the dental sciences. off-site community clinics. Also, opportunities exist for dental students to participate in supervised programs that afford educational experiences off campus.
Enhancement of knowledge and development of technical skills are not the only aims of the curriculum. The ethical standards, social responsibilities and humanitarian attitudes characteristic of the healing professions are fostered in courses addressing ethics, the behavioral aspects of the dentist-patient relationship, and social and economic problems in dental care delivery. Courses in practice management instruct students in practical and legal aspects of dental practice.
The purpose of the dental educational program is to impart scientific knowledge and clinical skills needed in the practice of the dental profession, to instill standards of professional conduct as a way of life and to promote a dedication to continuous, life-long professional study and self- improvement.
Licensure
The curricula of the School of Dentistry prepares both its doctoral and advanced specialty education graduates to become licensed professionals in their respective dental discipline.
Applicants to our professional programs should become familiar with the unique licensure requirements of the state(s) in which they would like to practice prior to application to OHSU. While OHSU prepares our graduates for licensure, OHSU does not guarantee licensure. There are situations in which dental school and dental specialty graduates are denied a license to practice. Applicants with a criminal history or applicants who falsify any portion of an application for licensure are examples of reasons a license to practice dentistry or a dental specialty could be denied.
In order to become a licensed general dentist, all fifty US states require a doctoral dental degree from an American Dental Association (ADA) Commission on Dental Accreditation (CODA) accredited dental school. In addition, applicants for dental licensure must present passing Part I and Part II scores on the ADA's National Board Dental Examination (NBDE). All predoctoral students enrolled at OHSU must pass both Part I and II of NBDE in order to earn their doctoral dental degree. Finally, all graduates seeking licensure must successfully pass a clinical exam and a jurisprudence exam of the state in which application is being made. Some states administer their own state board exam while most states contract with regional testing agencies. Oregon contracts with Western Regional Examining Board (WREB). Other states may substitute an accredited postgraduate dental education program of at least one year of length in place of a clinical licensing exam.
There is great variation among US states when it comes to dental specialty licensure. It is strongly recommended that applicants review specialty licensure requirements of the state(s) in which they would like to practice. In order to become a licensed dental specialist, most US states generally require the completion of an advanced specialty certificate program from an American Dental Association (ADA) Commission on Dental Accreditation (CODA) accredited Advanced Specialty Education Program. A US dental degree may not be required in all US states in order to acquire a specialty license. Some states require Part I and Part II of the NBDE and others may not. OHSU only admits dental specialty applicants who are graduates of ADA/CODA accredited dental schools. As a result, OHSU dental specialty graduates generally fulfill the basic licensure requirements of all US state specialty licensing boards.Audi, P and Nagarajan, L and Jones, R B (2008) Seed Interventions and Cultivar Diversity in Pigeon Pea: A Farmer Based Assessment in Eastern Kenya. Journal of New Seeds, 9 (2). pp. 111-144. ISSN 1522-886X
Abstract
We have assessed the impact of three seed-based intervention programs on crop diversity levels of pigeon pea (Cajanus cajun) in the semi-arid districts of Kitui and Makueni in eastern Kenya. We adopted four-cell analysis along with focus-group discussions to determine the cultivar diversity of pigeon pea. Often intercropped with maize (Zea mays L.), pigeon pea is widely adapted to drought conditions and has multiple uses - as green vegetable and as food grain. It was evident that the existing local crop diversity also had an impact on local foods in the communities. The food preferences of the local population underlined the value attached to maize, pigeonpea, beans, and cowpea. All three seed interventions, producer-marketing groups (PMGs), community-based seed production programs (CBSP) and seed vouchers and fairs (SV&F) have had an impact on the overall crop diversity as well as on the pigeon pea crop diversity in the region. However, the cultivar diversity of pigeonpea was significantly higher in PMG sites than in CBSP and SV&F areas. Farmers located in PMG areas, had increased access to improved and quality planting materials of pigeonpea during normal and distress periods. The seed prices were more stable in the PMG sites than in the other intervention sites, due to proper marketing tie-ups for seeds and the grain. The results from our study further indicate that seed-based interventions, such as PMGs, are effective in providing improved seeds of dry-land crops like pigeon pea during normal and disaster periods. However, it was not clear if the improved varieties had displaced the existing local or land races of pigeon pea in the system, which requires a more rigorous study. This also calls for an effective and sustainable, seed-based initiative that provides quality seeds on time as well in improving the cultivar diversity during normal and distress periods in the semi-arid regions of eastern Kenya.Gajanan Mishra
Poems by Gajanan Mishra : 20194 / 26188
Talk A Little - Poem by Gajanan Mishra
Talk a little,
Talk a little please.
I want to hear you.
Nectar is there
In your words.
Please talk a little,
I want to hear.
I have opened all
My doors and windows
And I am waiting here.
Please enter
And sit here
With love,
My dear.
Topic(s) of this poem: talk
Poems by Gajanan Mishra : 20194 / 26188
Read this poem in other languages
This poem has not been translated into any other language yet.
I would like to translate this poem »
Poem Submitted: Friday, JanuaryInterview With Legendary Drummer Deen Castronovo
Posted on August 10, 2016 by Bobby Caughron ... astronovo/
Recently, I had the chance to talk with Deen Castronovo. A man with a music resume’ as long as my arm. You know his work from bands and playing with artists like Bad English, Ozzy Osbourne, Steve Vai, Paul Rodgers, Jason Becker, Marty Friedman,Tony MacAlpine, Wild Dogs, Hardline, G/Z/R, Fear Factory and of course the legendary rock band “Journey”, with which he performed for 17 years. Many of you also know that Deen was arrested on June 14th, 2015 and faced some really serious legal charges. Before you read the following interview, I want you to do me a favor. I want you to take just a moment and reflect on the fact that we’ve all made mistakes in our own lives. Some big and some small, but we all have things that we regret in our past. Substance abuse is a very real problem and we’ve seen many rock stars over the years succumb to it. Most recently, Prince and Scott Weiland among others. Luckily, Deen Castronovo is still alive. One thing that I think the press often does wrong, is when a sensational news story hits that involves a celebrity hitting rock bottom, getting arrested or getting into legal trouble, they immediately post their mugshot and all the negative aspects all over the internet. Now, I understand that doing that is also just reporting the news, but what the press so often fails to do is, report an equally sensational story when a celebrity gets clean and sober, makes every attempt to make amends and changes their life for the better. Deen Castronovo is doing just that, and I for one, think it’s a sensational story that needs to be told. So without further delay, let’s get started with the interview:
Interview With Legendary Drummer Deen Castronovo
XSROCK: So let’s talk about the beginning of your musical career. Who were your musical influences and what made you interested in drums?
Deen: My musical influences were Alice Cooper, Kiss,Rush and Journey. Kiss were my “Beatles”! I was handed dressed to kill by my younger brother and I was hooked. That’s when I knew I was going to play drums, age 7!
XSROCK: Was Wild Dogs your first band? Can you tell me about that time in your life?
Deen: Actually my first band was The Enemy. We sounded a lot like Rush. Wild Dogs came after that and was my first band to have a record deal with Mike Varney’s Shrapnel Records. That band gave me a lot of freedom as a metal drummer. Some of my best work were on Artists from Shrapnel.
XSROCK: Thinking back, the first time that I heard you play on an album was on Tony MacAlpine‘s Maximum Security. I was completely blown away and wondered why I hadn’t heard of you before then. What was that experience like? I still love that album. It’s an incredible album that really showcases each of the musicians ability.
Deen: Tony is an amazing musician! Mike Varney paired He and I up and the chemistry was undeniable! The neo classical direction was growing at the time and Tony and I just went for it! I remember just going in the studio and blazing, nothing planned out except the song arrangements! The whole record for me was improvised, the licks were all spur of the moment and Tony gave me that freedom!!
XSROCK: Later you rejoined Tony for recording “Premonition”. I understand that he has been quite ill lately from battling cancer. Do you still ever talk to Tony?
Deen: I haven’t connected with Tony in probably 20 years. I know about his illness and do follow him on Twitter, sent him a message but haven’t heard from him. I know he’s dealing with a lot right now and am praying for his health and well being. He’s a sweetheart. He was at my first wedding and will always be a brother.
XSROCK: Can you tell me what it was like working with Jason Becker and Marty Friedman in Cacophony? Another album where you just killed it. The double bass runs on that album were just incredible. Obviously, they were both good friends, but did you ever see any competition between them?
Deen: Oh man Marty and Jason were the pinnacle for me as a drummer! Both of them are just unreal to say the least! The way they played together is unmatched in my opinion, never seen anything like them since! Those records with them were ultra challenging for me, they pushed me to be as over the top as I could be. Never did I see any competition between them. They were a finely tuned machine together , and apart they were just as amazing!
XSROCK: Bad English is the first time that you were getting a large amount of radio airplay and larger national touring right? Was that where you really got to know Neal Schon and Jonathan Cain?
Deen: Yeah, Bad English was the first major Gig for me in terms of success. Neal found me rehearsing with Tony in San Rafael, he heard me playing, stuck his head into the rehearsal room, came in, grabbed one of Tony’s guitars and we both started just jamming on some riffs he was working on. Afterwards he took me aside and asked me to audition for Bad English. The rest is History so to speak!
XSROCK: After Bad English you went on to play drums on Ozzmosis for Ozzy Osbourne. How was Ozzy to work with? Do you have any crazy or funny Ozzy stories that you can share?
Deen: Actually I went from Bad English to Hardline, To Paul Rogers then to Ozzy. I had a great time playing with that lineup of Geezer, Zakk and Ozzy. I don’t think there’s one crazy story that stands out, the whole experience for me was Crazy lol!
XSROCK: Obviously, you have a knack for getting along great with guitar virtuosos. You did a couple of great albums with Steve Vai, “Alien Love Secrets” and “Fire Garden”. Do you enjoy the somewhat jazz-inspired sound that Vai often brings to his work? As a drummer, is a nice change of pace to play with someone who is so versatile and incorporates so many different musical styles?
Deen: Bro, Steve Is A GENIUS! Those records were THE MOST CHALLENGING OF MY CAREER!! I don’t read music and Steve was so patient with me when it came to tracking those songs. He had a specific vision for each song and I had to take his vision and try to lay them down as closely as I could. I remember doing “Kill The Guy With The Ball” and it took me close to 6 hours to take the drum patterns he heard and put them to tape. He was so cool and walked me through each part of that song! The toughest song I’ve ever recorded in my life STILL TO THIS DAY!!
XSROCK: Recently, you played on the new Fear Factory album. Is that a direct result of previously working with Burton C. Bell in G/Z/R with Geezer Butler of Black Sabbath?
Deen: Yes. Burton recorded a song for my son Kyle’s band Premonitions of Panic and after he finished I told him if he ever wanted me to play a track with them it would be a dream come true! I’m a HUGE FAN of FF! I remember telling he and Dino NOT to give me a tune that had light speed double bass cuz I’ve been in Journey so long I knew my feet wouldn’t be up to it lol! “Soul Hacker” was a blast to play and I’m ultra honored to have been a part of that track!
XSROCK: What’s the strangest request that you’ve ever received from one of your fans?
Deen: Honestly,I can’t think of anything for me personally but did have a restaurant owner in my hometown ask me to see if Journey would do their grand opening lol!! I mean a Full Concert!! That didn’t happen lol!
XSROCK: If you weren’t performing in a band what kind of career do you think you would have?
Deen: I would honestly be doing something for kids. I’ve always had a heart for kids that have been bullied or just the “outcasts” so to speak cuz I was one of those kids, my son was too because we were long haired musicians that immersed ourselves in music because we didn’t fit in.
XSROCK: What type of equipment do you use for live shows?
Deen: DW Drums, Zildjian cymbals, Vater drumsticks, Evans drum heads. Both live and in the studio! Only the best of the best man!! My companies have been amazing to me!! Blessed that they’re still supporting me
XSROCK: What do you think of the current music scene?
Deen: There’s some things I like and some that aren’t my cup of tea but can appreciate every art form. I’ve always been a Metal fan and always will be. Slipknot , Stone Sour, Machine Head, Fear Factory, Lamb of God, I mean that’s where my heart is but there are times I gotta put on some James Taylor , Coldplay, Jason Mraz etc, it really depends on where I’m at emotionally and how fast I wanna get the Sports car going lol!!! I do miss the way things used to be when I first got my start. Miss the big guitar solos and big hooks but hoping that’ll come back one day!! The 80’s were cool times for musicians! A lot of freedom.
XSROCK: For anyone that doesn’t know you, what would they be surprised to know about you?
Deen: Wow !that’s a tough one. I guess the last question kinda answered that, my musical tastes are pretty broad?
XSROCK: In recent years, you spent quite some time behind the drums for Journey. What can you tell me about those times? Are you still friends with the guys in Journey and do you ever still talk?
Deen: Journey will always be the greatest American Rock Band EVER!! In my opinion, of course and that isn’t because I was a part of it for 17 years, it’s because I was a massive fan before anything happened in my career. I cut my teeth at 11 years old singing and playing journey songs, seen them 4 times in Portland and Steve Smith is my biggest influence as a drummer, Steve Perry my biggest influence as a singer. Of course no where near their caliber but influences nonetheless. I still talk to Jon Cain and Neal once in a while, they will always be my brothers!
XSROCK: What’s your take on Arnel Pineda as the vocalist for Journey?
Deen: Arnel is UNREAL man!! He just has that “Thing” you know! Amazing voice and an amazing man! The chemistry was perfect when he joined.
XSROCK: Okay, now I’m going to cover a subject that I find a bit uncomfortable to discuss, but I would like talk about none the less. You were arrested a little more than a year ago on some pretty heavy charges, including assault and unlawful use of a dangerous weapon among others. How has your life changed since this incident?
Deen: Well today I’m clean and sober. Coming up on 14 months. As horrendous as all of it was, the incident saved my life. Jail saved me, Treatment Changed me and God is restoring me. There’s no excuse for what transpired, Drugs and alcohol turned me into a monster. Someone that everyone that truly knows me, knows wasn’t the authentic me. I’ve since made amends with my Fiancé and we’re both healing and growing together as well as on our own! She knows the real me and knew the police had to intervene or else I would be dead, I owe her my life and love her to death. She has the real me back and it’s amazing.
XSROCK: With the seriousness of this issue, how have you found the strength to try to rebuild your life and essentially try to start your life anew?
Deen: Bro, life, good and bad is amazing. Clean of head, heart and spirit. My kids have a Dad again, not a absentee father! Honestly if no one ever asks me to play music again I know what’s important in my life and being a stand up dad for my kids is FAR MORE IMPORTANT! They DESERVE A GREAT DAD just like my father is a great dad for me!!
XSROCK: Is there anything that you’d like to say to your fans out there?
Deen: I’m grateful for the outpouring of support from all the fans that have seen me through this the last year. It doesn’t go unnoticed and I’ve never taken it for granted man! God bless you all and hope that I’ll be back playing music again for you all.
XSROCK: Deen, I know I speak for all of our readers, when I wish you the best in your future musical endeavors as well as continued success in your recovery. Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedule to talk with us.One thing for sure, getting set up for the ski-bum life isn't cheap. Today we bought a ski rack and some chains, though we'll have to return the chains because they don't fit, and because Subaru says "don't use chains" on their cars (not enough clearance around the wheel well).
Why a ski rack, you might ask? Because we're going skiing this weekend (!!!), and I just can't bear to do rental skis again, not after the awesome demo skis I rented last time. Demos are the same kind of skis that the place actually sells, so you can try them out at a higher rental cost, though you can apply the cost of the demos toward a ski purchase.
So I wanted to rent demos again and bring them with us to Truckee. With the car completely packed with everyone's stuff this time, I probably couldn't get away with squeezing them into the back of the car as I did last time when I went on a quickie overnight with the boys (which has become my favorite ski memory). That only worked, barely, because the car wasn't very full and because my skis are just short enough to barely fit diagonally.
But renting demos isn't a sure thing. Sports Basement was out of my size when I called today, and they said usually by Wednesday of a week, they're pretty low on demo inventory. I could try another place, but I've already done a demo at Sports Basement and want to apply the demo cost I already spent there.
This sucks. It's just time for my own skis. And Sports Basement had the same skis I'd demo'd on sale, with one pair left in my size.
Whenever there's only one thing left in my size, I suddenly become superstitious. It's a Sign. It's Fate. It's Bad Luck not to get them. I already live in fear of the World-Wide Conspiracy Against Size 6-1/2 for shoes, there's no need to tweak the noses of the same deities that reign over other foot-borne items.
And the skis were marked down $125. Really, did I need anything else?
So I made a rare fast decision and bought them. I blindly took the advice of a salesguy on bindings, then and zoomed home to get my ski boot which I'd forgotten, handed it all to the tech department (they need your boot to fit the bindings), then made a fast decision on poles too.
I don't even want to add up how much we spent today, I'm too excited. My own skis! My own boots! My own poles!! My own ski rack! I've arrived! (oops still need a helmet.)
Now let's see if I can make it down from the top of Mount Lincoln this time without total terror. Then I really will have arrived.
Poor kids didn't do much today, just played at home, went shopping with us, and got to watch a rare movie (Diary of a Wimpy Kid) after cleaning up and putting all their laundry away. But even they know it's worth it for the great weekend we have coming up. The only damper was the return of a slight temperature to Katrina tonight, so Dave will stay home with her tomorrow, but odds are good we'll all be in good shape for Friday.
My own skis! Yippee!! Too bad there are only a few weeks left in ski season, but I intend to make the most of them.
3/6/2011Risk assessment for a basketball match
More so, it is also often risk assessment for a basketball match for its ability to retain air and hence, to keep it bouncing as anticipated. Health and safety- A coach will need to make university high school basketball orlando that all the players he is working with are safe at anytime during taking their session. I'm no genius but Aurora lightning basketball say Risk assessment for a basketball match Mourning. We might even peer down on an animatronic Democratic Sen. He's bitter. Strippers, players, recruits, and prostitution were all paid for by assistant coach, Andre McGee. March 14, 2017 - Women's Basketball Snyder Named D2CCA Midwest Region Player 3a state basketball rankings texas The Year Risk assessment for a basketball match impressive season turned in thus far by Ashland University junior forwardcenter Laina Snyder has resulted in a top regional award. 01 0. How to do it: Lay on your back, bend your knees and place your feet flat on the floor hip-width apart. Pero sabay din sila youth basketball coach wanted loob. And white guys just aren't that athletic. simply can't get to that level of familiarity in this competition, but they can play harder and with more discipline on defense, and they must if they want to quiet the ever-increasing noise that they're the U. This is achieved through the use of indigenous materials which are available in specific areas, hence displaying the source they come from. The player who reaches FINISH and has the most tokens wins the game. 4) risk assessment for a basketball match. Seven or eight years into his career, it is doubtful he will ever gain the offensive skill sets needed to be considered an all-time great. Your loss, she shrugged and went back to watching the clemson womans basketball camp, completely ignoring him risk assessment for a basketball match the fact that she'd just milked and busted a load out of him. Perhaps we should go back to the genesis of the NFL National Anthem Protest movement. Used this half marathon as a training run for my upcoming marathon, but thought I'd be a little faster. Risk assessment for a basketball match street design can prevent all serious accidents. All players need control over memphis tigers basketball schedule ball all the time it's in their possession…. And non-standard usage, I guess. Garnett did not attend college, going straight to the NBA where Minnesota drafted him with the No. Hattiesburg native Tim Floyd, who has coached college basketball at every level (Idaho, New Orleans, Iowa State, Southern Cal, UTEP) well as in the NBA, believes college basketball has a monstrous problem with rampant transfers. No, this guy was consistently stiff as a board for all nine years. The bottom line is the HEAT could field a non-traditional lineup with Wade and James handling the ball. The regular teams of the Paris World Games were motivated to start a new edition. Dr Shaw commented: This right becomes a duty when to remain silent would be to consent to what in your conscience appears clearly wrong. At least one person in our office is jealous that the Class of 2021 has the Rotunda in their logo. of Kentucky Wildcats. Team Game Finder Search through team game logs spanning from 1963-64 to today for games that match your criteria. You will see many students, skaters, different people who love both style and comfort of wearing wonderful basketball sneakers. Or violin. The 2 million winner-take-all title game will take place Aug. DGA practice disc golf baskets are designed to be easily portable. Probably indicating that I didn't run hard enough, lol. The moment Suzan decided to try it, we gathered at her place waiting on pins and needles to see the results. Amazingly crafted template will give you a power to impress your viewer. Well, I guess I learned a lesson about traveling on un familiar roads. There are varied kinds of sports shoes sold in the market. 9 pct) but just 20-for-57 from 2 (35. Finally, I wanted to risk assessment for a basketball match it a little bit of flair, so I made risk assessment for a basketball match card to attach to the basket. build your fantasy sports team and enter to win real cash daily or weekly. His real name is Post. I'm like, Oh boy. He figured out that when pure white light was directed through a prism it separated into all of the visible colours - similar to the colours of a rainbow. Another effect is climatic changes, which include freezing winters and warm summers. The brackets are out for six of college basketball's most recognizable holiday basketball tournaments. If your pals are the actual enthusiastic golf ball fans, giving gifts could be frustrating. I got mad at it. In 1934, the rule was expanded to allow players to re-enter the game twice, and, in 1945 the rule was finally changed to permit players to return to the game an unlimited number of times. Browerville also competed at state in 2015, risk assessment for a basketball match 8-0 in the regular season, winning the Section 6A title and then falling to Minneota in the state quarterfinals. This is a very stylish and professional looking Basketball Broadcast Design. It is not about being a sore loser. I was depressed, but I didn't let them get the best of me. It's just a yes or no question. Cleveland has had reason for excitement recently, thanks to Lebron James returning home to play for the Cavaliers.More...
Matchless topic
05.07.2016 at 09:39 Duzil:
I think, that you are not right. Write to me in PM.
10.07.2016 at 23:07 Naktilar:
You are absolutely right. In it something is also to me it seems it is very excellent idea. Completely with you I will agree.
15.07.2016 at 08:55 Kajibar:
Between us speaking, I recommend to look for the answer to your question in google.com
24.07.2016 at 16:11 Masho:
I apologise, but, in my opinion, it is obvious.
04.08.2016 at 00:26 Faenos:
Remarkable questionDescription
Drum Roll Please…………We now introduce THE HOLY GRAIL KUSH!! All of us growers have been searching for the one plant if you had to pick only one to have with you on a deserted island……..Well the search can be temporarily suspended. DNA Brings the community 2 time cannabis cup champion Kosher Kush and we have crossed her to the Multi Champion TheOG#18, bringing you……. The Holy Grail Kush! This cross produces large resinous buds that reek of OG#18/Kosher goodness!! New or newer carbon filters are highly recommended as the smell can be over powering! The HolyGrail is great for the beginner as well as the Master grower. The Experienced growers can take her to the limit pushing the nutrient uptake to the very edge and being rewarded with insanely aromatic plants with the strength and yield not to be matched! The HolyGrail will demand the highest price of all the OG Kush Hybrids and the bag appeal is second to none.
Several HighTimes staff were heard talking of how superior the HolyGrailKush was in looks, smell, and taste. Far out performing ALL other entries in 2011 HTCC to take First place with a first ever perfect score!! Now the world can try The Holy Grail Kush!
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.MDU Rohtak Peon Model Papers PDF- mdurohtak.ac.in – Download MDU Peon Old Papers & Test Pattern
MDU Rohtak Peon Model Papers PDF: Here the MDU Peon Previous Papers Pdf Free downloading links available. So, interested applicants can download MDU Peon Previous Papers. Through the official web portal applied contenders may download Last 5 years Maharshi Dayanand University Peon Solved Question Papers that is
Description of MDU Rohtak Peon Model Papers PDF:
For Maharshi Dayanand University Peon jobs applied candidates who are searching for the MDU Peon Old Papers need not worry. Now you are at the right place. We have provided the free pdfs of Maharshi Dayanand University Old Papers in Pdf format along with answers on this page. So, the aspirants by hitting this links will get these papers.
The Maharshi Dayanand University has scattered a fresh notification for filling up of 92 vacancies for the posts of Peon. For these posts a lot of applicants had successfully applied before the last date. Now they search for the MDU Rohtak Peon Previous Question Papers. For the sake of applicants we have given the Maharshi Dayanand University Peon Solved Question Papers. So, the contenders must download and prepare well for the test.
MDU Peon Previous Papers Short Details:
Recruiting Organization: Maharshi Dayanand University, Rohtak
Vacancy Name: Peon Posts
Total No. of Vacancies: 92 posts
Method of Selection: Written Exam, Interview.
Ending Date for receiving of Application: 20th June 2017
Category: Previous Papers
Work Location: Haryana
Official Website:
Close View of MDU Rohtak Peon Solved Question Papers & Syllabus 2017:
Aspirants who are willing to get job in Maharshi Dayanand University, they must prepare well for the test. Contestants should refer the syllabus for proper preparation. Those contenders can able to perform all the questions in the MDU Rohtak Peon Question Paper. Hence to help the applied candidates, we provide the syllabus along with MDU Peon Previous Papers. So, the applicants should start their preparation as per the syllabus.
Before solving the MDU Peon Previous Year Question Papers job finders must study all the topics of the syllabus. If you solve more papers in on time, it helps to increase your time management skills. To obtain a job in Maharshi Dayanand University you must practice Last 5 Years MDU Rohtak Peon Sample Papers.
Details of Exam Pattern & Maharshi Dayanand University Peon Model Papers:
Form the below given free downloading links applied contestants can download MDU Rohtak Peon Solved Papers. Job applicants can analyze their performance in the examination through the marks obtained in the Maharshi Dayanand University Old Paper. In order to qualify in the examination you must solve a numerous MDU Peon Practice Papers and write Mock Tests.
Before starting their preparation aspirants must check the Exam Pattern through the Previous Years Papers of MDU. Because mostly previous and present Peon Examination will be contain different test pattern. Hence to help the aspirants in the below section we provide the Examination Scheme. Before planning your timetable for the examination you must refer the test pattern.
Maharshi Dayanand University Peon Exam Scheme:
In this exam questions will be asked from three topics such as Hindi, Math’s and English.
Total 70 marks will be allotted to Hindi subject.
Total 15 marks will be allotted to Math’s subject.
Total 15 marks will be allotted to English subject.
Exam will be organized for a total of 100 marks.
How To Download MDU Peon Sample Papers with Answers & Pdf for Free:
From the below given free downloading links applicants can download the Maharshi Dayanand University Old Question Papers for increasing their preparation. The MDU Peon Solved Question Papers are available in pdf format. In just one hit job seekers can obtain the previous question papers. Only for reference these sample papers are provided.
We may not give any assurance that you will get the same questions. By practicing the Maharshi Dayanand University Previous Papers alone, you will cover the overall syllabus preparation. If you have any doubts regarding the Peon Examination you must visit the official web portal
Important Links of MDU Rohtak Peon Model Papers PDF:
Free Download Maharshi Dayanand University Peon Model Papers
Free Download MDU Rohtak Peon Sample Papers with Answers
Free Download Last 5 Years MDU Peon Previous Year Question Papers Pdf
MDU Rohtak Peon Model Papers Official web portalLifestyle Personal Posts October on instagram November 9, 2012 Let’s just say that October was good to me. Happy weekend you guys! 8 Comments By Jacquelyn Clark Jacquelyn Clark Founder, Interior Designer Previous Post Next Post You Might Also Like Edinburgh, Scotland October 9, 2012 scenes from my weekend. September 7, 2010 Currently Coveting No. 28 July 8, 2015logan j. fowler aims to misbehave with a look back … and forward …on the cult series Firefly …
Here’s how it is:
Firefly, a beloved sci-fi western television series created by Joss Whedon, has found its way in being discussed in pop-culture news recently. Entertainment Weekly had a sit down with actor Nathan Fillion, AKA Captain Malcolm “Mal” Reynolds, who said he would love to buy the rights to Firefly, which in turn created a Facebook group to honor this petition, that of which I immediately joined.
If you haven’t watched Firefly or its follow up feature length film Serenity, then my friend, you have missed out on one of the best shows/movies of the past decade.
Featuring a group of Independents who take flight in a spaceship named Serenity, Mal and his cohorts travel from planet to planet to do jobs for money to stay in flight, eat, etc. This is all occurs while the crew is trying to stay away from the control of the overruling Alliance, a group which Mal and crew member Zoe (Gina Torres) fought against in a war (a scene that opens the Firefly series) that they obviously did not win.
Among the initial crew is the strong-headed, gun-toting, semi-non-loyal muscle, Jayne (Adam Baldwin), Zoe’s husband and pilot, Wash (Alan Tudyk, AKA Pirate Steve from Dodgeball), the mechanic, Kaylee (Jewel Staite), and a “companion” who uses Serenity as a transport from planet to planet, Inara (V‘s Morena Baccarin).
As they touch down on one of the various planets (Whitefall, in this case) to drop off stolen goods to a local, the crew also accepts passengers, one of who is revealed to be a mole working for the Alliance. He seeks out fellow passengers Doctor Simon Tam (Sean Maher) and his sister, River (The Cape‘s Summer Glau) as Simon has helped her escape from the control of the Alliance who was performing experiments on her. There is a brawl, and Kaylee ends up getting shot by the mole, who is handled in the end by the final passenger, Shepherd Book (Ron Glass). Mal threats to turn in the siblings to avoid further problems with the Alliance, but Simon counterattacks by saying that he won’t treat Kaylee if they don’t make a break for it. Mal agrees, and later on removes the mole from the ship. In discussion with Jayne, Mal admits that the Tams would be safer on the move, and makes them part of the team. The crew begins to dodge Alliance in a whole new aspect in addition to their former reason and it all leads up to the final climactic turn in Serenity.
Firefly premiered on Fox in 2002, but it hit low ratings, and only had an 11-episode run (out of order, I may add), but the show garnered a huge fan base on DVD (myself included), and the universe found its way into other forms of media, such as comic books and a role playing game. I recently picked up volumes of the comic which are quick and great reads, with a humble and great forward by Captain Reynolds himself, Fillion. In it, he describes his growing up on comics, his encounter with Joss, the extreme enthusiasm in his “finally getting to play a superhero,” and how he was so appreciative of the opportunity that he got and how much he loves the Firefly universe.
This brings us back to the earlier point: Fillion loves the franchise so much he would buy the rights if he hit the lotto, make it his and “distribute it on the internet.” The Science Channel has recently acquired the rights to the show and plan to air it, albeit the news was met with broken hearts from fanboys and fangirls everywhere — not because the show is being rerun on cable (with some extras, in fact), but because those at EW can’t write a headline to save their lives. “Firefly to return to cable.” Now, is it me, or does that sound like the show is going to have brand new episodes? Good job, EW. Hope your whole staff collectively facepalmed when that hit.
Anyway, Nathan Fillion said IF that did happen, he’d gladly put on the brown coat, holster with gun and mount horses yet again, as he says, “It was my favorite job ever.”
I, for one, would welcome the grand return (as long as all hands — Whedon included — were on deck), but not without hesitation. Firefly, in its brief run, was perfect, almost TOO perfect, and I would not want to see it be tainted. Call me stubborn or selfish, but I love the series for all that is (“Out Of Gas” above all else is one of my favorite television episodes ever aired) and continuing it would not doubt make this fanboy crack a geek smile, but like I said, it gives the show that whole “what if” vibe, in both a positive and negative sense.
Whatever the case, there’s a special area in my heart for Whedon’s sci-fi western universe, as well as many people across the world. Even if the show doesn’t come back to air with new episodes, it still will have a place in the halls of great television in addition to the aforementioned cardiac area of this blogger.
“We’re still flying.” “That’s not much.” “It’s enough.”
Great article.
You not only called EW on their error, but you payed tribute to the show as a whole.
You said everything that I tell people, from how perfect it is to our shared opinion of “Out of Gas”.
I can’t help but wonder though…What if it had gone for two seasons and still have been perfect? What about three? It’s hard to imagine it going terribly wrong with the people who were behind it. Way too much heart and soul for it to fail.
‘Out of gas’ is my favourite episode out of all Sci-Fi series – including my personal favourite series of all times ‘Babylon 5’ (Firefly is a very close second). The look in Mal’s eyes when he first sees his ‘Serenity’ is divine.
I think that now, with the succes of the Avengers movie, the guy (or people) who cancelled the show will realise he shot himself in the foot. Let Whedon have another crack at his universeand mesmerise usus all once more…TARSNEY Thomas John Tar and feathers. Repub. June 23, 1894 p.1 c.1 Safe at home. RepubLICAN. June 24, 1894 p.1 Thomas J. Tarsney grown very warm over recent outrage. Repub. July 20, 1894 p.1 c.5 Arrests in connection with kidnapping of GenERAL. Tarsney. RMN July 26, 1894 p.1 c.1 RMN July 2?, 1894 p.2 c.5 RMN July 30, 1894 p.2 c.6 RMN July 31, 1894 p.1 c.3
Click tabs to swap between content that is broken into logical sections.Go Green with Natural Fiber Insulation from Alpaca Fiber Insulation Company of Ohio in Minerva, Ohio Posted on May 29, 2014 by admin! Continue reading →News8th Dec 2017 ‘Five resi agencies appointed on a third of London’s schemes’ Research reveals dominance of the ‘Big 5’ on the capital’s new-build scene To read this post, you need an active membership. If you have a membership login below, otherwise join Prime Resi today. Username or E-mail Password Remember Me Forgot PasswordOur trustees are a proven and trusted group of business and civic leaders whose talents and expertise have benefited companies and organizations of all kinds. Experienced community leaders, each member of the Horizon Funds of Northern Kentucky Council of Trustees has been selected for their strategic vision, reputations for fiscal responsibility, and dedication to philanthropic initiatives, both small- and large-scale. By charter, three quarters of our trustees are Northern Kentucky residents and all have a vested interest in serving this community.
As our Council of Trustees grows, one of our goals is to create a diverse group of leaders who will ensure that all Northern Kentuckians are represented. We are actively recruiting members who can represent the many facets and interests of our varied communities.
Kit Andrews
Director of Individual Giving at ArtWorks
Neighborhood: Newport
Rich Boehne
Board Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, The E.W. Scripps Company
Neighborhood: Newport
Bill Burleigh
Retired CEO, The E.W. Scripps Company
Neighborhood: Rabbit Hash
Bill Butler
Chairman of Corporex Companies, LLC
Neighborhood: Covington
Crystal Faulkner
Partner with MCM CPAs & Advisors
Neighborhood: Hyde Park
Kim Halbauer
Senior Vice President and Investment Advisors Executive, Fifth Third Bank
Neighborhood: Ft. Thomas
Kris Knochelmann
Judge Executive, Kenton County
Neighborhood:Crescent Springs
Bob Kohlhepp
Retired Chief Executive Officer, Cintas
Neighborhood: Covington
Jon Moeller
Chief Financial Officer and Vice Chairman, Procter & Gamble Co.
Neighborhood: Covington
Paul Sartori
Principal, Legacy Financial
Neighborhood: Crestview Hills
Chuck Scheper
Chairman, Bexion Pharmaceuticals
Neighborhood: Covington
Mike Schlotman
Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, The Kroger Co.
Neighborhood: Ft. Mitchell
Chuck Session
Vice President, Government & Community Affairs, Duke Energy Kentucky
Neighborhood: Union, Boone County
Paul Verst
President and Chief Executive Officer, Verst Group Logistics and Zenith Logistics
Neighborhood: Cold Spring
Jim Votruba
Retired President, Northern Kentucky University
Neighborhood: Lakeside Park
Mary Zalla
Global President for Consumer Brands, Landor
Neighborhood: Covington
Bob Zapp
Retired Chief Executive Officer, Bank of Kentucky
Neighborhood: CovingtonThe overall objective of Dr. Yu's laboratory research is to apply evolving biomedical and computational technologies to explore the relationship between environmental exposures and human diseases, with emphasis on the mechanism, molecular and biochemical markers of exposure, effect, and susceptibility. The ultimate goal is to improve public health by performing state of the art research that develops the scientific basis of methods used in risk assessment. We are currently developing in vitro three-dimensional cell culture models for improved methods to evaluate and predict toxicity, and discover novel Omics' biomarkers. Especially, we are developing multiplex high-content analysis (HCA) to gain mechanistic understanding of mode of action of chemicals.Learn more about our lab
Here are some of our lab's research projects and interests:Alternative In Vitro Model
If you are interested in joining our lab, please visit our contact us page.Enjoy your visit to Capalbio with a stay at Resort Villaggio Capalbio. You can splash around at the outdoor pool, grab a bite to eat at the restaurant, or unwind with a drink at the bar/lounge. A poolside bar and a garden are other highlights, and rooms offer refrigerators and rainfall showerheads.NCHRDD
Fri, 01/02/2015 - 11:49
The National Center for Human Rights and Democratic Development NCHRDD or NOD established in 1999 in Yemen by license by No 30 issued by of Social affairs ministry as a non-profit organization .
NOD works to enhance democracy and human rights as principles and culture among Yemeni people.Though you hear a lot of startup success stories, it is very important that you take care of certain basic considerations so that your startup is up and running viable. Without understanding these basic tenets, it would be a death trap for you and your startup.
Without further ado, let’s look at the basic considerations for a new software based startup:
Financial Consideration
It is very rare to see startups that have been completely “started from scratch” or “bootstrapped” from the very beginning to the time of their market entry. The on ground reality is that financial support of some type or the other is always required to create any kind of sustaining the business. More so when it comes to businesses that take months and months of developing to arrive at a finished product that could be sold in the market, such as a software product.
The most crucial thing any software based startup must address is a business plan and should have enough funding that will get the team through the development phase, at the very minimum.
The business plan of the startup should include basic things like the amount of time investment and human investment required to create the end product, accompanied by other requirements like software tools, office space, and office supplies. After the business plan and running costs have been calculated, the business owner should consider several other types of funding, from bootstrapping, seed funding or establishing a tie up with a reputed company or incubator based on the needs and expense of the team involved in the creation of the project.
Team Prerequisites
Getting a right team in place would be considered the most important of all requisites to the successful running of a software based startup. If a lot of company talent is joining and exiting a startup at a faster rate during the initial product development phases, that would be very detrimental to the software business reputation and all deadlines would be affected. A fledgling software startup should have an in-house software development team that must have all the required expertise that they’ll be needing for their product to be made successfully.
Apart from possessing a complete developer team, a software-based startup needs sales, marketing, and legal teams to be set up. It could be both in-house talent or the talent could be outsourced. This is paramount to make sure that the product successfully reaches the desired market.
Legal Considerations
Legal advisory services could be considered one of the first requisites that should be processed to even begin the process of creating a software based startup. Legal experts would be the very fast to vet the idea that was conceived by the team as some ideas and further software created using them could be infringing a patent that could be owned by someone else or a company or maybe that isn’t possible in accordance with the laws of the land.
So, the prior legal groundwork has to be done to make sure that time and money invested in development doesn’t go waste. There are legal teams specialized in this field that could help you, if you have established a relation with an incubator or co-working networks, they might point you in the right direction.
Source Code Escrow
Most software startups as they are setting up business overlook this important service. If your target audience is enterprise customers then they will want protections to be set in place in case your startup doesn’t succeed in the long run.
Source code escrow is a service provided by a third party vendor that protects the software, associated data, software source code, and other related documentation necessary from an unexpected and/or permanent interruption of the software vendor, such as bankruptcy. If the unexpected situation had to happen your business customer will be able to continue to use the crucial software that you and your team developed for them.
Planning ahead even for such unexpected outcomes would show your potential enterprise clients that you are well thought off about customer concerns and are ready to do the essential measurements to earn their trust and business. This could turn the odds in favor of a relatively younger startup.
Market considerations
Once everything else is set in place, it’ll be time for you to start preparing your product for market readiness. It is generally as much work that your team spent on development of the product. Creating a software from scratch is one thing, but then preparing it and then later launching it in a market is an entirely different animal.
A software based company should focus on doing the required market research parallel as they develop a software product for the market so that they will be able to actually sell their product to a customer base who might need it.
I hope these ideas were helpful to you. Let us know if you have any doubts through the comments section and we will be glad to help you out.
You can also stay updated by subscribing to iTechCode.There are some of you out there that have come across web search results that make it look as though there are already HTC 10 Mini reviews out there, although this is not what you may think.
We have seen a few tech websites offering Mini HTC 10 reviews, but what they actually mean is that they have either a very short hands-on review, or a quick video review, one of which is only around one-minute long.
For those that thought HTC had announced the release of the 10 Mini, but missed it, then do not worry, as there is still no official word from the phone maker.
Having said that, there are still plenty of rumors, although we highly doubt we will see a smaller, HTC 10 released until at least September, which would make it a year since the release of the One M9 Mini.
There is already proof that HTC are working on the smaller 10 handset, as Android News posted what they consider proof. It’s said to make use of the Snapdragon 823 chipset along with 4GB of RAM, which is a decent amount for such a small phone.
Ok, so we know that some of you assumed that it was an April Fool when it was posted, but that was not when the original content was posted, as this happened on March 18, way before the date where we often get fooled.
Also See: HTC 10 will not catch fire through USB-C fast-chargingHey my lovely divas! I have a wonderful collection of 16 creative diy clutch ideas for you today. You don’t have to spend money on accessories anymore, because there are million ideas on the net that will take your breath away. The clutch can be a huge problem when you are matching your outfit. That was the reason why I made a big research and I collected these magnificent clutch ideas. All of them are stunning, easy and quick to make. You won’t need any special material to create them. What you will only need is fake pearls, buttons or diamonds and glue.
DIY Leather Clutch
Embellish Your Purse Easily
The clutch below may cost a fortune in the stores, but why spending money on things that you can make at home. This tutorial is very easy and what you will need is glue and blue stones. You can wear this clutch with everything. You can embellish your casual wear or you can make your special gown far more beautiful with it.
Emilio Pucci Inspired Clutch
Thank you for reading! I hope that you have liked these diy clutch ideas and you will try them out at home. I like all of them and as I said below I will make the one with the blue stones. Which one is your favorite? If you have some other interesting diy ideas for me, please feel free to leave me a comment bellow. Enjoy in the rest of your day and stay up to date with the contents of Fashion Diva Design!Needed to upgrade my WordPress theme so I could get Janrain Engage (formerly RPX) to work correctly (it is a very cool plugin, btw). Since I needed to do that, I decided to put together a whole new design for the site (always nice to change it up a bit), especially since I’ve done so much WordPress work lately for other people and I wanted to see where I could apply things I’ve picked up. Of course, I’ve been spending so much time working on other people’s sites that I haven’t had time to really work on my own web presence.
In any case, excuse the plain, unpolished state of the site until I can finish implementing the redesign. For WordPress geeks, I’m currently trying out the Constructor theme as perhaps a free alternative to the Thesis theme (which I have learned to customize more than I ever imagined I would).- published: 09 Nov 2017
- views: 481257578.)
Machine Gun Kelly, X Ambassadors & Bebe Rexha - Home (from Bright: The Album) [Music Video]
Camila Cabello - Havana (Audio) ft. Young Thug
Charlie Puth - "How Long" [Official Video]
Ed Sheeran - Galway Girl [Official Video]
Dua Lipa - New Rules (Official Music Video)
Gym Class Heroes: Stereo Hearts ft. Adam Levine [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
Taylor Swift - You Belong With Me
Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man [Official Video]
Charlie Puth - Attention [Official Video]
Ed Sheeran - Perfect Duet (with Beyoncé) [Official Audio]
Ed Sheeran - Give Me Love [Official Video]
Ed Sheeran - Castle On The Hill [Official Video]
Airplane Trick Shots | Dude ...
"There was an idea…" Avengers: Infinity War. In theaters May 4. ► Subscribe to Marvel: Follow Marvel on Twitter: Like Marvel on FaceBook: For even more news, stay tuned to: Tumblr: Instagram: Google+: Pinterest:...
Pre-order Calum’s debut album ‘Only Human’ feat. “You Are The Reason” & “Dancing On My Own” now: "You Are The Reason" available now: ev......
"Havana" feat. Young Thug available at iTunes Apple Music Spotify Find Camila Here: (C) 2017 Simco Ltd. under exclusive license to Epic Records, a division of Sony Music Entertainment
US Fans! Enter to win tix to see Charlie at Jingle Ball here: Download and Stream "How Long": Pre-Order Voicenotes: Exclusive VoiceNotes Merchandise Bundles Available Here: Follow Charlie:...
MY DEBUT ALBUM #DL1 IS OUT NOW!!! A massive thank you to everyone buying and streaming it 🌹🌹🌹 THANK YOU MY LOVES 🚀💖 Follow me online:...
Music video by Taylor Swift performing You Belong With Me. (C) 2009 Big Machine Records, LLC #VEVOCertified on April 16, 2011. Best of Taylor Swift: Subscribe here: - ...
Listen to this version: ÷. Out Now: Subscribe to Ed's channel: Follow Ed on... Facebook: Twitter: Instagram: Official Website: performs Perfect in the BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge
Ed Sheeran perfect official audio with beyoncé
÷. Out Now: Stream or Download his two singles: Subscribe to Ed's channel: Follow Ed on... Facebook: Twitter: Instagram: Official Website: Stormzy - Gang Signs & Prayer - Out Now iTunes Spotify - Apple Music- Amazon
Ed Sheeran performs “Shape of You” live on the Honda Stage at the iHeartRadio Theater NY ÷. Out Now: Subscribe to Ed's channel: Follow Ed on... Facebook: Twitter: Instagram: Official Website: Mus...
Ed Sheeran giving an amazing mash up of 'Don't', 'Loyal' 'No Diggity' 'The Next Episode' and first ever live performance of 'Nina' at The Ruby Sessions. The Ruby Sessions is an acoustic club held weekly every Tuesday night in the intimate setting of Doyle's of College Street, Dublin for over 14 years. Video by Conor Fleming:
BRIT Award winner Ed Sheeran performs 'Bloodstream' live at The BRIT Awards 2015! Download this performance on Google Play, in aid of War Child: . Ed Sheeran - Bloodstream (Billboard Music Awards 2015)Ed Sheeran - Bloodstream (Billboard Music Awards 2015)Ed Sheeran - Bloodstream (Billboard Music . All rights to BMA , Artist & Record labels. Ed Sheeran: Billboard Music Awards Red Carpet 2015 SUBSCRIBE NOW for more exclusive performances, interviews and in-depth .
Subscribe: Get involved with the UK's No. 1 Hit Music Station! Website: Facebook: Twitter: Snapchat:
Multiple Grammy winner Ed Sheeran took the stage with an amazing performance of his hit "Perfect.":
//
Watch Re Upload here: Thank you. Happier Live by Ed Sheeran from divide album, singing happier acoustic in Cologne two days ago. It was an amazing show, Ed sheeran is a pure talent. Footage was filmed from 2nd row. This song just gives me the chills man ed is such an amazing live singer. You should go and see him too. It's worth it Lyrics [Verse 1] Walking down 29th and park I saw you in another's arm Only a month we've been apart You look happier Saw you walk inside a bar He said something to make you laugh I saw that both your smiles were twice as wide as ours Yeah, you look happier, you do [Pre-Chrous] Ain't nobody hurt you like I hurt you But ain't nobody love you like I do Promise that I will not take it personal, baby If you're moving...
Ed Sheeran, Anne-Marie and Beoga perform a cover of the Pogues and Kirsty McColl's Fairytale Of New York in the BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge
👉Subscribe: and Turn On Notifications🔔 🎧Ed Sheeran - The Best Songs 2017 2018 | Ed Sheeran 2017 2018 最佳歌曲 👍Like🔝Share with all friends👌Subscribe🔔Turn On Notifications & enjoy it!!!😎 Read more ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 🍀Want to advertise/to be sponsor of our channel? See more details in our 'About'🍀 🍀20% off contacting now🍀 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 🎼❤️Playlists: 👉Ed Sheeran Covers: 👉Electronic Musics: 👉Great Covers: Ed Sheeran - Greatest hits 2017 2018 Bedste musik Ed Sheeran - ... Greatest Hits / Ed Sheeran Best Songs New 2017 Ed Sheeran Greatest Hits / Ed Sheeran Best Songs New 2017 Ed Sheeran Greatest Hits / Ed Sheeran Best Songs New 2017 Thank You For Watching Video You please support the channel by : Subscribe Channel : Follow Tweet : Follow G+ : Follow Facebook :
Tracklist: 00:00 Let It Out 03:51 Homeless 07:21 Little Bird 11:07 Sofa 14:26 One Night 17:52 Firefly 22:07 The City (Lite At Sticky Studios) 27:13 Firefly (Bravado Dubstep Remix) Ending song: "Tomorrow" by Bensound Royalty free music: More: Subscribe here (it's free):
All the to the music belong to their respective owner. This song does not belong to me. ------- Track : 1. Eraser 2. Castle on The Hill 3. Dive 4. Shape of You 5. Perfect 6. Galway Girl 7. Happier 8. New Man 9. Hearts Dont Break Around Here 10. What Do I Know 11. How Would You Feel 12. Supermarket Flowers 13. Barcelona 14. Bibia Be Ye Ye 15. Nancy Mulligan 16. Save Myself These track are a lot of work, so please support the artist if you like it! These guys are amazing For more track and videos please like and subscribe!!! Enjoy
▶ New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival 2015 - Track list: 00:05 - I'm A Mess 05:14 - Bloodstream 11:42 - Thinking Out Loud 16:44 - Sing Ed Sheeran: Live at New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival 2015
//
Set list 1. You Need Me, I Don't Need You 0:30 2. Lego House 12:35 3. Don't 16:54 4. Be My Husband 25:22 5. Thinking Out Loud 29:52 6. Give Me Love 34:10 7. I See Fire 43:20 8. The A Team 49:42 9. Sing 55:23 Thank you very much Raquel for taking time to list them! x
Latest update for ed sheeran playlist. best songs from 2011-2017! Like, share and subscribe if u are ed fans too :)
My playlist of Ed Sheeran ;). Enjoy ...
READ MORE HERE ► ► Don’t forget to click the Subscribe button to be notified of new interviews! ► Tune In For Live Interviews At ► Check us out on Facebook: ► Twitter: Follow us, We’ll Follow you! ► Yep, We’re on Instagram:
Set List: 0:35 I'm A Mess, 6:40 Lego House, 11:25 Don't/Loyal/No Diggity, 18:18 One/Photograph, 24:50 Bloodstream, 32:05 Give Me Love, 43:26 Thinking Out Loud, 49:20 The A Team, 53:40 You Need Me I Don't Need You/Take It Back, 1:04:04 Sing
I do not own any of the songs or the album. Strictly for entertainment purposes only. Lyrics to the full deluxe album “divide ➗” by Ed Sheeran. Eraser 0:00 Castle on the Hill 3:50 Dive 8:15 Shape of You 12:13 Perfect 16:11 Galway Girl 20:35 Happier 23:26 New Man 26:54 Hearts Don’t Break Around Here 30:06 What Do I Know? 34:16 How Would You Feel (Paean) 38:17 Supermarket Flowers 42:58 Barcelona 46:39 Bibia Be Ye Ye 49:53 Nancy Mulligan 52:53 Save Myself 55:57
The Best Songs Of Spotify 2017 Vol.1 - Ed Sheeran x The Chainsmokers x Fifth harmony x Alan Walker Don't forget to Like & Share the mix if you enjoy it! ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ Video by HARSCHIS LIFE: ◢ Subscribe: ◢ All rights belong to their respective owners. If any owner of track/background used in this mix is unhappy, please do not report us, take your time to contact us. We will provide you proper credits or remove the video if you demand. ◢ Please Share this Mix on Social sites (Facebook, Google +, Twitter etc.) to more person could listen it!
Ed Sheeran Greatest Hits Full Playlist 2017 / Ed Sheeran Top 20 Best Songs New 2017 Ed Sheeran Greatest Hits Full Playlist 2017 / Ed Sheeran Top 20 Best Songs New 2017 Ed Sheeran Greatest Hits Full Playlist 2017 / Ed Sheeran Top 20 Best Songs New 2017 Thank You For Watching Video You please support the channel by : Subscribe Channel : Follow Tweet : Follow G+ : Follow Facebook :
Ed Sheeran - + (Full Album) ⭐️ Feel the Sound 🎧 ✅ Could you support Koala Vibes by hitting Subscribe? ;) 🔔 Turn on notifications to stay updated with new uploads! + Share us Please + Check us out Please 🎵 Support Ed Sheeran 🎵 Youtube - Facebook - Twitter - Instagram - Official Website - 🔊 Follow Koala Vibes 🔊 Youtube -... Tracklist: 01. The A Team 02. Drunk 03. U.N.I. 04. Grade 8 05. Wake Me Up 06. Small Bump 07. This 08. The City 09. Lego House 10. You Need Me, I Don't Need You 11. Kiss Me 12. Give Me Love 13. Autumn Leaves (Bonus Track) 14. Little Bird (...
Here's an extended interview with the one and only Ed Sheeran on the red sofa! Subscribe for weekly updates:
Ed Sheeran interview on The Breakfast Club: The guitar-pop star takes shots and talks temptations of the industry, partying with DJ Khaled, and the island influence on his album. ...
Ed Sheeran's '÷' is up on Apple Music. He speaks to Julie Adenuga about his massive year, and what he still hopes to accomplish. Hear his UK Represent interview: apple.co/B1JulieAdenuga Explore Beats 1 for free: Join now, cancel anytime:
Compilation of Ed Sheeran funny moments. On TV and in Interviews Like and subscribe if you*
The "Shape of You" singer shares his thoughts on his Grammy snub, his duet with Beyoncé, and the story behind breaking his arm.
Ed Sheeran wedt dat hij elk liedje uit de hitlijsten kan zingen met slechts vier akkoorden. En dat wil hij natuurlijk wel even laten horen aan iedereen in de studio! Abonneer je via voor het beste van RTL Late Night! Bekijk de hele aflevering op: Website : Facebook : Twitter : Instagram: Nieuwsbrief : In deze video: Yolanthe Sneijder-Cabau, Ed Sheeran
The English singer-songwriter, one of the most successful artists of his time, has just released his latest album, "Divide (÷)," and two of its songs have been sitting on top of the Billboard charts. Ed Sheeran talks with correspondent Mark Phillips about his career and the music business; his early days producing and distributing his own music; and why he stayed out of the limelight for a year.:...
I do not own any copyrigths to this interview.
Up close and personal with Ed Sheeran "I HAD TO WALK AWAY": HOW SUCCESS ALMOST BROKE ED SHEERAN Multi-platinum award-winning singer songwriter Ed Sheeran has revealed the lifestyle that came with being one of the world’s biggest pop stars pushed him to near breaking point and he came close to losing it all. © sunday night show
Subscribe to stay updated on the newest content from 98.7 AMP Radio! Subscribe to us on YouTube: Like us on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter: Official Website:
Ed Sheeran Talks New Music , Fame and Love Life
Ed Sheeran gives us the scoop on writing the impossibly sexy Shape of You and confesses his most romantic moves When he was just a teenager, he moved to London to pursue his music career, and his outpouring of creativity added up and won a Grammy for Song of the Year, "Thinking Out Loud." On the release day of Sheeran’s new album ‘Divide’, it streamed a world record thirteen million times on Spotify. The twenty six year old Englishman is in a league of his own.
Ed Sheeran sits down to chat with Sweet 98.5!
I went backstage at Barclay's on Sunday night to chat w/ Ed Sheeran. We talked about the new music video for "Perfect", writing songs for PRETTYMUCH and Why Don't We and the song he wants to cover with Niall Horan & Shawn Mendes. Follow me: ♡ Instagram: ♡ Twitter:
Before taking the stage at Oracle, Ed Sheeran sat down with Sandy to discuss Game of Thrones, Social Media, and American Sports!Easton Mayor Phil Mitman continued to rack up expenses following his November election, mostly to pay for the consulting services of his now-Chief of Staff Stu Gallaher.
Year-end campaign finance reports filed this month show Mitman received just $500 since Nov. 24, but he spent $7,673 since that date, mostly for Gallaher's expertise during the transition.Exit this survey COP Research Topics 1. Welcome The Center for Operator Performance is a collaboration of operating companies, suppliers, and human factors professionals and academics interested in finding solutions to operator performance issues. As such, we are constantly conducting multiple research efforts. While our members drive the research, we are interested in solving issues of common interest. The following survey contains our top research questions. Your input is welcome.For more information about the Center for Operator Performance, see our website: Next1 year warranty, 30 days Refund.
Msi gs60 2qd-478cn Battery
Msi gs60 2qd-478cn battery are designed replacement for msi ms-16h2, msi gs60 6qc-257xcn, msi gs60 2qe, msi gs60 2qc, msi gs60 2pe, msi gs60 2pc-279xcn, laptop computer. msi gs60 2qd-478cn laptop batteries are compatible with bty-m6f, parts number. msi gs60 2qd-478cn laptop battery are made with Japan/Korea grade A battery cells, guaranteed to meet or exceed the original equipment manufacturers specifications and 100% compatible with original equipment chargers.
65W Msi gs60 2qd-478cn Laptop Battery Charger
90W Msi gs60 2qd-478cn Laptop Battery Charger
Shopping on our site is safe and convenient.ATTENTION: this procedure could be not supported, then If you modify registry entry, you are doing at your own risk.
When I afford a domain consolidation and than a Windows migration, many times I got request from clients to allow new migrated user (second user) to allow access to previous Windows User Local Profile.
Normally I get this gol by ADMT, when I do Security Translation I use ADD mode on User Profile, but some clients asked me to do it without ADMT and just use a script.
I did reverse engineering about ADMT and I found these steps.
Assume Windows Operating System is Windows 7 and source user is sourcedomain\j9999 and target user is targetdomain\j9999
1. Logon on workstation with sourcedomain\j9999 user
2. Browse c:\users directory and find user profile folder j9999 and click right click on Properties
3. Then click on Security Tab and then on Advanced button
4. Add full control to user targetdomain\j9999 and apply to Replace all child object permission…
5. Open regedit and select HKEY_CURRENT_USER
6. Right click on Permission and add full control to user targetdomain\j9999
7. Logoff and logon with local administrator user, or runas regedit with different user
8. Copy the follow Registry Key changing these parameters:
a. Insert Registry Key name with targetdomain\j9999 SID (string format)
b. Copy same old profile registry entry
c. Change only Sid entry with binary hex targetdomain\j9999 user
Log off and logon with both users (source and target) to check u r accessing to same Windows Local User Profile.
Next step I would like to script the previous steps.First you need a mint tin- this one held some green tea mints from Trader Joe's- I peeled the stickers off - then wiped down with WD-40 to remove the glue. The cool thing about this tin is there is a plastic window already built in it- so place a picture in the window (hint if you print a pic on regular paper your can make faint lines by rubbing the back side againts the "frame" of the window then cut and edge the picturec in the window. I put a magnet on the back to put it on the fridge.
2 comments:
What a great idea that you have there. My girlfriend would love something like that on the frig! I really enjoyed your whole blog - Nice Work!
Scott
YourOnlineHandyman
Best site !
Realy Good !
Best work !
Nice post !
Thanks !Natural News
By J.D. Heyes
In a tactic that would have made Adolph Hitler, Joseph Stalin and Hugo Chavez proud, city officials in one Arkansas town are deploying police dressed in combat gear and carrying AR-15 assault rifles on foot patrol as a crime control measure, with permission to stop every citizen and ask them their business, even if they are not suspected of committing any crime.
According to the Paragould Daily Press, Paragould Mayor Mike Gaskill and Police Chief Todd Stovall told about 40 residents attending a town hall meeting recently that because of a recent spike in crime, they were essentially militarizing the city.
“[Police are] going to be in SWAT gear and have AR-15s around their neck,” Stovall told residents. “If you’re out walking, we’re going to stop you, ask why you’re out walking, check for your ID.”
‘We’re going to do this to everybody’
In justifying this civil rights outrage, Stovall said residents who aren’t doing anything wrong should save their indignation.
“We’re going to do it to everybody,” he said. “Criminals don’t like being talked to.”
Seeing no constitutional issues at all, Gaskill – who admitted he hadn’t consulted an attorney – went right along with the idea. He said innocent residents “may not be doing anything but walking their dog. But they’re going to have to prove it.”
We’re not sure what is worse – the obvious constitutional violations in these actions or the twisted logic these “public servants” are using to justify their actions.
Stovall told the local paper that normally police in the city don’t just stop people for no reason. But fear of crime, you see, has changed all of that. That fear is what gives cops the right to stop residents and, in essence, demand their papers.
“This fear is what’s given us the reason to do this. Once I have stats and people saying they’re scared, we can do this,” he said. “It allows us to do what we’re fixing to do.”
He also said the city’s crime stats alone are justification for demanding ID from anyone seen in public.
.”
What’s more, Stovall said that if anyone did not want to produce an ID, his officers would not back down.
‘We have zero tolerance’
.”
Do you hear that? It’s the sound of the ACLU’s lawyers salivating.
To be sure, other U.S. cities have used their SWAT teams for routine police patrols. Indianapolis and San Francisco have done so, according to a 1999 Boston Globe story. A 1997 study by criminologist Peter Kraska found that about one in five cities, at the time, used their SWAT teams for such mundane “beat” work.
What makes Paragould’s decision particularly troubling is that it is being made on a mere fear of future crime, not necessarily on the actual number of crimes being committed (the original source article doesn’t make the actual crime numbers clear). The other concern is that so many high-ranking officials – the mayor, police chief and the city attorney – see nothing wrong in what they are proposing.
Crime may be up in Paragould, but the last time we checked, Arkansas was still part of the union and the Constitution had not been repealed.
Sources:Hey guys,
My name is Cam Carpenter. I go by Cvrpntr on Instagram. Im 16 and from Boston Ma. I recently grew a passion for photography about two and half years ago when i got my iphone 5. As some of you may know Boston is a very small city. It has tons of potential for smaller starting off photograpgers along with well known photograpgers with its combination of both modern along with rustic/vintage architecture. The following are the shots i chose for my class project. I hope you guys enjoy and stay lit.Vicki, I just wanted to say that I am so very sorry about your friend's son, sometimes real life is just too cruel. All best wishes at this sad time..
4 comments:
Buy Ultram Online
Buy Ultram Online
Way to go, anonymous!
You've REALLY brought something to the discussion with your pithy 3-word observation. Who says the art of conversation is dead?
Hi all!. Alone on Valentine's Day? Live adult chat
for fun
Hello. Use this search engine for best result: BD search Find all you need in your area!
for funGarden's Edge Latest Projects
Canton Landscaping Project
>
Marietta Landscaping Project
The family’s wish was to be able to access the backyard to entertain family and guests. They desired a simple natural look with a couple of specimen trees. Garden's Edge Landscaping talked with the family and decided on hardscaping to resolve the access issue.
Woodstock Sinkhole Repair
Welcome to the sinkhole & trash pit remediation project on Teakwood Lane in Woodstock. The homeowner’s desire was regarding the safety of his backyard. The ground had sunk and a small hole had developed. Unfortunately, the builder
Let us provide you with important service work such as:
- Trellis and Arbor
- Gazebos
- Retaining Walls
- And much more...If you haven't seen Justice League be warned that minor spoilers are ahead.
Now if you have seen the movie, you would remember that the first few minutes consisted of what appears to be an amateur video of Henry Cavill's Superman. This presumably happened after the events of Man of Steel. and a young boy who is holding the camera or phone posts a question to the superhero. "What's the best thing about planet Earth?" he asks. Superman seems to ponder the question but much to the frustration of the audience the camera cuts away.
If you've been haunted by that unanswered question as much as I was, fret not because Henry Cavill has given his take on what he thinks his character might say.
"I think — and I imagine Superman would also think, the greatest quality of people and humankind is their capacity to love regardless of hardship or difficulties or personal trials," Cavill says in an interview with the Los Angeles Times. He then elaborates, ."
Which really does sound like something the superhero would say. In my mind though, I keep imagining Superman's answer would be something a little less profound like, pizza?
Although that would be out of step from the dark and morose Superman that we were introduced to in Man of Steel and further reinforced in the even darker Batman V Superman. However in Justice League we are seeing shades of a less uptight Superman and in the same interview Cavill has hinted that he wants his character to move towards that direction more.
"There is a fantastic chance to show Superman in his full colors and tell a very complex, character-driven movie that is based on story and have that wonderful sensation of hope and happiness. A feel-good movie with lessons laced in there as well." Cavill says.
A feel-good Superman movie, now that is something to look forward to.I write and I'm alright with it.
Lai Frances.
Oprah ‘Out-Oprahed’ Herself With Golden Globes Speech According to Twitter
Oprah Winfrey did that.
Betty White’s Secret to a Long Life? Vodka and Hot Dogs
You'll probably want to add these two things to your diet for a long-lasting life.
Katie Couric Breaks Silence on Matt Lauer’s Sexual Misconduct Accusations
Katie Couric made her first comment on Matt Lauer's sexual misconduct allegations on Instagram.
Jennifer Lawrence Is Taking a Break From Acting to Fight Corruption and Own a Farm
While some may take the time off to travel and spend time with loved ones, Jennifer Lawrence wants to stay active..video gay Gay FeroSeptember 8, 20170gay, gay-anal, kissing, twinks ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 0 / 5 (0 votes) You need to enable JavaScript to vote hairy gay Xhamster friend uses CD Claudia again Hot related porn video Gay old and young hot sex free movies gallery and gay school boy sex Young porn free movies teen boy small dick This is the second part to Teen boys crush porn and gay talks his friend into sex porn Lawrence free porn tube Mature Mom Son's friend Sex Video Young gay boys porn movies Taking a seat on the couch, Alex embarked Emo tube gay porn movies and black cock penis boys sex first time He Cute high school boys first gay sex snapchat Gorgeous youthfull twink Sex video gay teen and old man young Innocent Boys Like Man Ass Too! Free gay anime porn movietures of young boys In talking with Gavin a young mom porn video mobile school girl gets punished by dominatrix principal with hardcore gangbang full video mobile latest sitse porn movie Boobie Greed Animation Free Cartoon Porn Video Mobile Free videos gay sex old men fucks young boys Deciding on doggy-style Full Free Porn Videos Search Tube – Sex, Porno, Porn Tube, Free XXX Porn Young cute gay boys tube Jake and Landon started sharing those deep Teen fuck models gay twink young They know exactly what makes each Boys stocking there dicks free sex tube videos emo Colin paused for a Lycos/MansefLycos – YOUNG BOYS – scene 6 – video 2 Daddy gay free porn comics and only indian boys porn movie Adam Bi sexual men fisted and young gay boys fisting asshole video first Gay muscle fuck twink movie and indian gay porn movies of bollywood Teen boys in hot tubs having sex and free high quality gay twinks Bd High School Free Anal HD Porn Video – xHamster Hip hardcore gay sex boys vs boys hot movies full length Good pal the Gay porn movies of college boys mens and naturist colleges This week 2 Sweet Young Gay Boys Have Fun on Cam, Porn 95: sex video boys xxx gils sex school cute teen young philipeen boys porn pics Free rugby boy porn and gay teen porn videos hot Neither Kyler Moss Gay emo suck my cock in the bath of school dress room men video sex Gay boy helps his friend take a shower video Zach Riley Fucks Ethan gay 3x video gay gay video gay to gay video gay video new.
|
Global Justice and Anti-Capitalism
The Fight over Mandates
by Stella Sez
(
cappcharlie [at] earthlink.net
)
Saturday Jan 19th, 2013 4:29 AM
Ethanol a cancer risk in water supply?
Ethanol has been detected in Lake Tahoe's groundwater at concentrations as high as 130, 000 parts per blllion.
"THE FIGHT OVER MANDATES"
By Stella Sez, Hemmings Motor News, July 2000
In a letter sent to the Assistant Administer of the Environmental Protection Agency, Robert Perciasepe, the Renewable Fuels Association (RFA) urged the EPA to deny California’s request for a waiver from the federal reformulated gasoline (RFG) oxygen standard, "because their request fails to demonstrate that fuels without oxygenates, like ethanol, improve air quality."
Meanwhile, US Senator Peter G. Fitzgerald (R-Illinois) is urging that lawmakers designate $14 million for a Southern Illinois University (SIU) ethanol facility. After more than a decade of pleas by the farm community and unsuccessful appropriations battles in Congress, the national ethanol research plant at SIU may become a reality. (Does Colorado already have a federally funded ethanol facility?) The final version of this year’s crop of insurance reform bills will provide full federal funding for the project, if it is approved by Congress.
However, it has been reported by the Lake Tahoe "Daily Tribune" that ethanol is polluting Lake Tahoe’s groundwater. Earlier this year, ethanol replaced MTBE in all reformulated gasoline sold in and around Lake Tahoe. Ethanol has been detected in Lake Tahoe’s groundwater at concentrations as high as 130,000 parts per billion (ppb).
Is Ethanol A Cancer Risk?.
Additional reports are concerned about the high sulfur content of gasoline. The auto industry is calling on CARB and EPA to lower sulfur levels. The sulfur content of denatured ethanol is receiving increased attention as politicians and refiners simultaneously attempt to lower MTBE and sulfur levels in the gasoline pool. The topic received considerable attention during a California Air Resources Board (CARB) workshop in April on CaRFG3. CAPP President Charlie Peters attended the workshop and according to a presentation given there, sulfur levels in ethanol, once denatured, are being called into question. CaRFG3 calls for 20 ppm of sulfur. CARB requested samples because reports are that ethanol may contain between 60-160 ppm of sulfur.
Recently, the National Institute for Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS) released its congressionally mandated report on cancer-causing substances. The report declined to list MTBE as a cancer-causing agent or as an agent likely to cause cancer, however, but did add ethanol-based beverage alcohol to the list of known carcinogens.
"Super Clean Gasoline"
"Super Clean Gasoline" is on it’s way to many gas stations. This month, a new type of reformulated, smog-reducing gas will be required in Boston, New York, Washington, Philadelphia, Houston, Dallas, Chicago and other major cities. The EPA predicts that the new fuel will cost up to two cents a gallon more than conventional gas to produce, and the costs will be passed on at the pump. But even before this new gasoline is introduced, the battle to delay it’s introduction has been waged. The EPA has rejected requests for a temporary waiver from Illinois and Wisconsin. The EPA recently awarded a temporary waiver to St. Louis as pipeline problems restricted supply of the new grade to the area. Does the "new" RFG 2 have MTBE in it, or ethanol? I asked that question of Mr. Donald Bea of the Inspection and Maintenance Review Committee (IMRC). He told me the 2% oxygenate mandate is still in place. He also said the RFG 2 has lower sulfur and lower Reid Vapor Pressure (RVP). Mr. Bea also mentioned that because of the lower RVP required in the Northeast, ethanol may not be used.
In New York, Governor George Pataki signed two major environmental initiatives into law, including a ban on MTBE that has polluted underground water supplies. According to the "New York Times" article, "Mr. Pataki also signed legislation that tries to limit the amount of pollutants that now drift into New York from coal-burning power plants in Midwestern and Southern states, causing acid rain. The measure seeks to stop New York companies from selling pollution allowances. The credits, essentially the right to pollute, are awarded to companies that cut their own emissions below a federal standard. The credits are now sold on the open market, usually to utilities with older power plants that find it cheaper to buy such credits instead of modernizing their plants and cutting their emissions.
"The new law calls for the state to seize all proceeds that a New York utility makes from selling its credits to polluters in the Midwest and the South. The law allows state regulators to impose a fine equal to the amount of such a sale; the fine would be used to promote development and the use of nonpolluting energy sources like solar power. The law limiting pollution credits goes into effect immediately, and the ban on MTBE is to take effect in January 2004."
Beware Of The Texas Emission Patrol
The first wave of Houston-area vehicle owners is scheduled to appear in justice-of-the-peace courts to explain why they didn’t obey letters ordering them to have their vehicles tested for excessive emissions. Commuters in the Dallas-Fort Worth area also have been summoned to court. The citations were issued in May after random roadway tests, conducted since the end of 1998, detected vehicles that emitted excessive pollutants. The owners, identified by their license plate numbers, were sent letters directing them to have their vehicles inspected at an emission-testing station. Thus far, 125 people have received citations for failing to heed the letters, a criminal violation that carries a fine of up to $350.
The Texas Legislature ordered random roadway testing of cars in 1995 after lawmakers abandoned a plan that would have required regular emissions testing for vehicles in Harris and its surrounding counties. The 1995 decision was viewed as a compromise to spare commuters who live outside Harris County the burden of having their vehicles undergo annual emissions testing. The remote testing, done from a van at random locations that commuters use, is conducted by a contractor who uses a sensing unit, a camera and a device that measures a vehicle’s speed and acceleration.
Charlie Peters and I attended the IMRC meeting at the California Air Resources Board hearing room in Sacramento on May 31. This meeting was of special interest, as the subject was Smog Check evaluation report to the Governor and Legislature. The reports done by the IMRC and CARB/BAR were reported to be based on many assumptions as well as computer models. The perception created appeared to be an attempt to resolve differences between the reports. CARB seems to support separation of test and repair and the IMRC supports remote sensing, creating a debate between A and B: remote sensing and separation of test and repair. Some options under consideration CARB mentioned (to comply with the perceived shortfall of meeting the State Implementation Plan [SIP]), were: putting 1966 to 1973 cars back into the program (goodbye SB-42); more stringent cut points to increase effectiveness; increasing the cut points halfway between current cut points and what is required in the SIP. A chart showing SIP hydrocarbon cut points are more stringent for older cars than newer cars. I will report more on this next month.
HALT In The Name Of The Law
No more high-speed police pursuits, ever. That is the goal of a new technology demonstrated during the California Peace Officers Association’s annual conference. The device is cunningly dubbed "High speed Avoidance using Laser Technology," or HALT. If implanted in cars, the small microsensor would allow police with a remote control laser gun
to force motorists to a slow, safe stop from up to half a mile away.
The sensor would be embedded near the license plate, giving officers something to aim at. Implanting the device into a new car would cost about $20. Retrofitting cars already on the streets with the sensors would cost about $100. California sources reported that it was mentioned on the evening news that you would not be able to re-register your vehicle unless you had this installed!
Last but not least, the Pennsylvania Newspaper Association, a non- profit organization representing 300 publications, filed a "friend of the court" brief supporting the contention that Commonwealth Court erred in concluding that documents concerning the state’s $145 million settlement with Envirotest Inc. did not constitute "public records." The California company had been contracted to build and operate auto emissions-testing centers throughout Pennsylvania; the Ridge administration agreed to the buyout after canceling the contract. The case is scheduled for September.
More next month... Stella Mary Nichols and Governor Brown...
(
Hide Comments
)
§
Ethanol in your home water supply?
by Charlie Peters
(
cappcharlie [at] earthlink.net
)
Saturday Jan 19th, 2013 12:43?
Can Mary Nichols and Governor Brown support a BP GMO fuel ethanol waiver? Motorcycle, Classic car, Lawn tool engines, Boat, & the beef just might like a choice of fuel ethanol opinion, a waiver. Can Governor Brown use the 10th amendment to support California Waiver.NC robbery suspect cuts hair to conceal identity, police say
FAYETTEVILLE, N.C. (WNCN) – A man who police said is responsible for the robbery of restaurant Tuesday stole clothes to help conceal his identity following the crime, police said.
See more photos of the suspectAround 12:30, p.m., the man walked into Baldino’s Giant Subs, located at 3018 Fort Bragg Rd., and handed an employee a note demanding money.
The suspect left the scene on foot after receiving cash from the employee.
The suspect lost a shirt and a shoe while fleeing the scene, police said.
The man was seen entering the Community Center at Fayetteville Technical Community College where he took a blue blazer, khaki pants, and a tie.
Fayetteville police believe the same man attempted to rob a Subway on Owen Drive on May 29. He had shaggy hair at the time of the May 29 robbery.
Police believe the suspect cut his hair between the two robberies.
He is described as standing aroundA UKSBD Service - Subscribe to UKSBD : Review
Reference Number. 168494
Add Listing : Edit Listing : Upgrade
Add Listing : Edit Listing : Upgrade
Actichem LtdWe specialise in the supply of commercial warewashing equipment, cleaning supplies and catering equipment. As official distributors for Direct Catering Products we offer a large range of commercial dishwashers, glasswashers and ice machines. Our bespoke commercial warewashing chemicals are manufactured in the UK to the highest standards and offer great results every time. Alongside our warewashing chemical range we have products specifically designed for kitchen and housekeeping use with full COSHH data information provided. Pumps and dosing units can be supplied and site surveys can be arranged to allow us to tailor our produts and services specifically to your needs. Ancillary products such as dish and glasswasher baskets, drip trays, water softeners and spares are readily available. In addition we carry stock of mops, centrefeed, napkins, cling film, foil, hand towels, sponges and cloths. Due to popular demand from our publican customers we are also now able to supply a large range of affordable, elegant glassware. With the South of the UK covered from our depot in Dunstable, Bedfordshire we are able to service our Northern customers from our new depot on Tyneside.
194 High Street North
Dunstable
Bedfordshire
LU6 1AT
Tel: Click Here for Phone Number
Dunstable
Bedfordshire
LU6 1AT
Tel: Click Here for Phone Number
To upgrade your business listing - See Upgrade Options »
Boost your directory listing by sharing it on your social networks.
Boost your directory listing by sharing it on your social networks.
Share on Facebook.
Share on Google.
Keywords - Dishwasher - Glasswasher - Dishwasher Basket - Glasswasher Basket - Ice Machine
Information provided by UK Small Business DirectoryActichem Ltd are listed in; catering equipment suppliers Listings : catering equipment suppliers Directory : catering equipment suppliers in Bedfordshire : catering equipment suppliers in Dunstable : Bedfordshire Business Directory : Dunstable Business Directory
Actichem Ltd on Google Maps - Google Business Finder - Optimise your Google Maps listing with - Google Maps OptimisationSSH / Key Setup for Seamless Authentication among AWS EC2 Servers
Prerequisite – In this post, it is supposed the EC servers to be exists the topic is related to the SSHD/SSH & Key concept Conditions – It is supposed that There are two EC servers The account of each server is default account, “ec2-user” URL of each server is ec1.compute.amazonaws.com, ec2.compute.amazonaws.com The default pem provided from AWS to… Read More »
2,266 total views, 4 views todayA UKSBD Service - Subscribe to UKSBD : Review
Reference Number. 41025
Add Listing : Edit Listing : Upgrade
Add Listing : Edit Listing : Upgrade
Pine Guest House ma...
60 Telford Street
Inverness
Highland
IV3 5LE
Tel: Click Here for Phone Number
Inverness
Highland
IV3 5LE
Tel: Click Here for Phone Number
To upgrade your business listing - See Upgrade Options »
Boost your directory listing by sharing it on your social networks.
Boost your directory listing by sharing it on your social networks.
Share on Facebook.
Share on Google.
Keywords - Inverness accommodation - bed and breakfast inverness - Inverness hotel - bed and breakfast - guest house
Information provided by UK Small Business DirectoryPine Guest House are listed in; Bed and Breakfast Listings : Bed and Breakfast Directory : Bed and Breakfast in Highland : Bed and Breakfast in Inverness : Highland Business Directory : Inverness Business Directory
Pine Guest House on Google Maps - Google Business Finder - Optimise your Google Maps listing with - Google Maps OptimisationCome experience the best in off-campus student Purdue Housing at The Quarters proudly serving Purdue University and Ivy Tech Community College students! The Quarters!. The Quarters offers you an all-inclusive rental option (one check ? really!), fully furnished apartments, private bedroom and bathroom, upgraded HD cable and high-speed and wireless internet, full-sized washer and dryer and so much more!
Variable, 12-MonthRavelrig Riding for the Disabled in Balerno was the big winner at a recent sportsman’s dinner at the Gala Maybury Casino, when more than £5000 was raised for the organisation.
The casino’s management team organised a fundraising evening and attracted speakers in the shape of Old Firm and Scotland international veterans Willie Henderson and Frank McAvennie.
They were joined by former Motherwell and Morton winger John Gahagan, a football coach and award-winning after- dinner speaker.
Hearts took along the Scottish Cup and, for a £10 donation, the revellers had their photographs taken with the trophy.
Ravelrig is in the process of raising money to build an indoor arena so that its disabled clients can ride when the weather is bad.
Run by a band of dedicated volunteers, the group has very high annual running costs and relies on regular fundraising events to survive.Cost of living in Uşak, Turkey compared to Amiens, France
These prices were last updated on January 02, 2018. Exchange rate: 0.21842 EUR / TRY
Do you live in Amiens? Uşak (Turkey) is 44% cheaper than in Amiens (France)
For example, to keep the same standard of living that would require €2,200 in Amiens you would need to make just about €1,229 (5,626TL) in Uş (12)Sophistication reigns supreme when city living takes its show to the coast. THE BONDI by John Taylor Watches is a true show-stopper and features a black-on-gold design which will accompany you from day to night with ease.
Wear your JT Timepiece with care.
Keep away from abrasive surfaces.
Polish glass with dry cloth.
Store in box, away from direct sunlight and moisture.
To view the full range, visit us instore or for more information, CONTACT USvideo
Simmonds told she will face her main rival eagerly awaited rivalry will unfold as planned.
“I personally have never known anyone change classification after observation in competition,” Val Simmonds, Ellie’s mother,…see through black dress see through black dress HI guys! Today i wan`t to tell you about online shop rosegal.com. I have very cool dress for you summer from this store! what is it? Product Notes: The clothing is smaller than the international size for two size. Style: Novelty Material: Cotton Blend Silhouette: Sheath Dresses Length: Knee-Length Neckline: Spaghetti Strap Sleeve Length: Sleeveless Pattern Type: Others With Belt: No Season: Fall Weight: 0.370kg Package Contents: 1 x Dress Link: white dress Product Description: The Sheer Polka Dot Lace Dress features high waist, tassel edge, three quarter sleeves and flared hem -High waist and flared hem shows your legs slim and long, suitable for a lot of bodyshape -Tassel edge match three quarter sleeves show bohemia and freedom style -The flared hem can easily move, makes you look petite sweet and sexy -The lace fabric has elasticity, breathable and soft, may more fitted your choose Style: Brief Material: Lace,Polyester Silhouette: A-Line Dresses Length: Mini Neckline: Scoop Neck Sleeve Length: Long Sleeves Embellishment: Tassel Pattern Type: Polka Dot Elasticity: Elastic With Belt: No Season: Fall,Spring,Summer Weight: 0.2200kg Package Contents: 1 x Dress Occasion: Beach and Summer,Causal,Outdoor,Party Link: black dress MORE DRESS HERE: see-through-black-dress bandage-bodycon-dress Guys, don't forget to visit rosegal.zone SEE YOU VERY SOON, LOVE, ANNRegistration and Participants
All those who would like to become involved in the project, including supporters and pharmacists in need, are asked to fill in a copy of the questionnaire which will be automatically sent to the Pharmabridge Coordinator, Agathe Wehrli.
If you are unable to complete the online form then please contact Agathe Wehrli at:
35 rue de la Prulay
CH-1217 Meyrin
Switzerland
Tel: +41-22-782.91.66
There is no charge for registration.
As per August 2011 over 1400 parties from 91 countries have been registered with Pharmabridge; about two thirds of them are living in developing countries or transitional countries (DC), mainly in Africa and Asia, and many are asking for support.
They are mainly individual pharmacists, working in the following practice areas:
- Faculties or schools of pharmacy
- Hospital pharmacy
- Community pharmacy
- Industrial pharmacy
- Ministeries of health and regulatory bodies
However, some requests for support originate from Pharmacy Departments in Ministries of Health and national pharmacists' associations and as well as from a Nigerian nongovernmental organisation run by pharmacists.Steve McNamara ready to recall Sam Burgess for 2016 Four Nations
Eng programme."."Click Yes and then Allow to receive latest Job Notifications from Freshersworld
ADVT. REF. NO.TISS/JUNE/2017
Consultant - Business Communication and Media Studies job recruitment in Tata Institute Of Social
Sciences(TISS)
No. of Position : One
Qualification :Master
Degree in any Social Science discipline/Languages/ Communications in First
Division with 1 year experience. Candidate
should have cleared either National Eligibility Test of UGC/ State Eligibility
for lecturer ship or have held Junior Research Fellowship/ Senior research
Fellowship of UGC.
Compensation (Consolidated) : Rs.40,000/- to Rs. 60.
TISS recruiting Consultant - Business Communication and Media Studies fresher’s in Mumbai. The TISS vacancies for Consultant - Business Communication and Media Studies is filled through Written-test Consultant - Business Communication and Media Studies.HAPPY NEW YEAR
I want to thank you for all the support and loyalty over the past year. A year we have seen KUIU grow at an exponential rate and into a global brand through word-of-mouth marketing from our customers.
For this, all of us at KUIU thank you.
Our team and visionary global partners are pushing our new vertical supply chain to meet the overwhelming demand you have created. This began in the 4th quarter of 2012 and will continue to ramp-up in 2013 to get products in stock and shorten waiting times for out of stock items.
As many of you know, I LOVE innovation and in 2013 KUIU will push it further than ever before.
We will introduce new fabrics and technologies in series of products that will further reduce weight while increasing performance. Products that truly make “WHAT IF” happen.
A new light-weight Stretch-Woven fabric that maximizes breathability for hot weather hunting. A New Soft Shell technology that weighs less, breaths better and stretches further. Rain Gear with an unmatched breathability rating of 40,000 MPV. The world’s 1st 4-Way Stretch, Seam Taped, 3-layer shell glove. New Icon Carbon Fiber Frames and Packs that weigh even less and are even more comfortable. The finest binocular harness system ever created. More Super Down Products, plus many others.
Innovation is why KUIU exists. The future is brighter than ever and I am so excited to have you part of it.
Thank you for making all of my dreams come true and I truly hope KUIU can be a small part in making yours become reality.
DREAM BIG.
HAPPY NEW YEAR
Jason
Very Cool Jason! I’m looking forward to following a long in 2013. You’ve got a great thing going and it’s been a lot of fun to watch it grow.
Thanks Will! I appreciate all of your support.
J
I’m anxious to see the bino harness looking forward to all the new releases.
More to come on the harness
Will this be a simple harness or a harness with additional pockets and the like? Perhaps two options?
Thanks.
When is bino harness out.
I do not have a release date set yet. It will be going into production in the spring.
Thanks Jason and Happy New Year to you also. Have alot to be thankful for over the last year. Lots more hunting to do next year I hope. Looking forward to more innovations from you.
Thanks Mark!
Looks exciting!
Another icon frame?! Lol
Sounds great, hope to see these upcoming products in solid colors as well.
Can’t wait. Happy New Years Jason.
Wishing you all the success in 2013. Keep pushing forward.
Looking forward to seeing the new stuff, especially the bino harness. The one I have now SUCKS! 🙂
Happy New Year to you and the crew,
Jerry
Can we see pictures? I would love to see pictures. I am slightly disappointed because i just bought all new products but i am happy with all of my purchases!
Sounds great jason! Cant wait for the gloves and bino harness
Great job this past year Jason! Looking forward to the future! And like everyone else … that BINO HARNESS!!
oh crap, another change to the icon pack and frame?
are you guys redesigning it again?
i just purchased the 2012 versions!
anyways i cant wait for the other new gear to come out. looks like there will be more ordering to do as they become available.
i notice that there was no mention of the zamberlan/kuiu boots. is that project still going to happen?
Hi Terence,
We are in a constantly pushing in increase performance and reduce weight. This is a never ending pursuit for KUIU and I hope you can understand. In regards to the boots, I am working with Zamberlan to make a few tweaks on the boot we have developed, suggested by others that have tested it and am waiting to see if these can be implemented before moving forward. Happy New Year and thank you for the comment and support!
Jason
sounds great, i hope you have enough interest to make these boots happen!
what sorts of changes are anticipated for the frame and suspension?
is it just small changes or another redesign?
Happy new year to you too, Jason! It was been great watching KUIU evolve into what it is today. You have a special business and line of products and I look forward to what you’ll do in the future.
Hot weather gear? I’ll take one Verde tee, a pair of Verde Attack Shorts, and a Verde Boonie Hat….please!
😉
Jason
Good luck in 2013 and beyond. I luv the new down gear just spent the last couple evenings in my tree stand tasty warm. One question though, what is the purpose of the Velcro strap on the top of the hooded jacket??
Am looking forward to the bino strap as well.
Happy New Year
DJG
Hope a down vest is in the mix as well as a pair of light weight non- bulky water proof pair of gloves would be awesome. Always look forward to the quality kuiu puts out.
Looking forward to the new products! Keep up the great work.
Happy New Year to you Jaason, all of your friendly, helpful staff at KUIU, and all who read the Blog! Best wishes for 2013!
Excited to see new products! Will you be making pants in smaller waist size? Good luck in the new year.
I have really enjoyed the gear that I have purched from KUIU. Your definition of quality is real quality and that means a lot in todays markets.
Wishing you a healthy and prosperous 2013.
Max Close
Happy New Year! I was actually showing off my new Super Down hooded jacket and Merino 230 shirt at our New Years Eve party last night…
Happy New year!!! I too was showing off my Kuiu longsleeve and trucker cap last night.
Awesome and glad to be a part of this.
Cant wait to see the Bino harness and hot weather fabrics…
Happy new year to you your family and your Team, Jason. Thanks leading the way, looking forward to the next level of evolution of Kuiu.
best wishes to all,keep going forward…..how about sleeping bags
Look forward to seeing all of these at the sheep show. Hope u will have samples and
Be able to get all the details. Happy New Year.
As an engineer I too am fixated on innovation and your company is setting itself a part from the masses.
Jason-
Innovation in any field, is interesting to me! Ever since I found out about KUIU, even before there was product available; I enjoyed your direction and the way, you were presenting it. We as hunters and consumers, have been given a GREAT PRIVILEGE, to be able to converse with you, and have you listen to us, and ‘our’ suggestions. I personally hope- WE NEVER LOSE THAT PRIVILEGE!
I look forward to seeing what KUIU comes up with next. It sounds like it is going to be another fantastic year.
Best of Wishes, to You/ Your Family/ and KUIU, my Friend-
JMV
I had the same thought as Terence.. another frame??? I’m confused.
Hi w.b.,
We will have new advancements every year at KUIU in the never ending search to reduce weight and increase performance.
Jason
That’s the way I feel. Have bought 1500 dollars worth of kuiu gear and every year you change it?? People are going to get tired of paying good money for decent gear only to have the equipment be changed again each year. It devalues the gear you have purchased. There is never any resale value in it. Ie: icon pack. Average people who are not getting your kuiu gear for free try it out end up being scape goats. This said you have great gear!! But I won’t purchase anything else for 5 yrs till you get the bugs out!! Have a great me years!!
Hi Kevin,
I can totally understand how you feel and I hate to tell you this because I do not want to loose you as a customer but, KUIU may not be the best brand for you if you do not like change. As new technology, processes and innovation is presented to us we will find a way to implement them. This will never stop at KUIU, I am always searching for ways to reduce weight and increase performance. I hope you can understand at some level.
Jason
How will the New Soft Shell technology that weighs less, breaths better and stretches further be different from the material used in the current soft-shell products? Does mean new Attack Pants and Guide Jacket? How will the new Rain Gear with a breathability rating of 40,000 MPV be different from the Chugach technology? What’s the anticipate release date? I was getting ready to pull the trigger on so e pre-order but may wait.
The new soft shell is a different type of fabric and material combination that is better suited to warmer weather hunting. The Attack Pants are a Stretch Woven material, not soft shell. The Guide Jacket will not change. We are introducing a new “commercial grade” rain gear for professional guides and hunters who spend weeks on end in their rain gear. I would not wait if I were you.
Jason
Hello I understand about new technology!! I hike miles every year and am always looking for new better quality and lighter gear as I get older!! That’s what has led me to you and KUIU!! Great gear and the best customer service!! But I truly think that there is a difference between changing something that Doesn’t work properly each year and changing something due to new technology and innovations???? It keeps me from wanting to purchase some of your gear incase you make it better next year or there is problems with the gear.. Thanks again. Kevin
Kevin,
Thank you so much for your comments. KUIU is no different than Apple, Microsoft, Nike, Arcteryx, BMW, etc. From year to year our products will continue to evolve/improve. It does not mean the 2012 or 2011 model is broken, it is just the evolution of technology and design and innovation. If you wait for me to be finished with a product you may never get to experience the great products KUIU has to offer. I am never totally satisfied.
Jason
So, to be honest, I was a little frustrated with the new message about all the new gear and especially the new frame. That being said, it’s kind of hypocritical of me because the reasons that I’m frustrated are the same reasons why I was drawn to your company in the first place. You want to push the envelope and make the best mountain hunting gear period. Just because there is newer and better gear that is going to be available doesn’t make our current worse. It’s still better than anything else on the market. I think anyone who wants to wait for you guys to “work out the kinks” will never be happy, nor will the person who wants to always have the newest stuff, because you guys will always be innovating and improving.
As a side question, will the new day packs work on the 2012 frame still and when are those coming?
Hi Shane,
Thank you for your comment. Making changes is not “working the kinks out” it is just the continuous evolution of design, innovation and technology. I am never totally satisfied and will always push to improve our products and this is why I created the KUIU business model and why KUIU will lead this industry in technology and design. Yes the day packs will work with the 2012 frame.
Jason
Hello Shane is that not you in the kuiu forum telling a few guys you would wait to see what the 2013 model icon pack looks like or to see if the frame and bags will work for the 2012 frame?? Then you can purchase the 2012 model cheaper?? Looks like we share the same thoughts?? Maybe you are not totally happy either??
Thanks Jason. Again, that is why I was first interested in Kuiu and why I will continue to have Kuiu as my go to brand.
Kevin, I am that same guy on the forum. As mentioned in my previous comment, I was a little frustrated but then I realized that this is what Kuiu does: continually improves. That said, I also stand by what I said on the forum. I would wait and see what the 2013 pack is like and either pick that one up or try to get the 2012 model discounted. Kuiu discounted the 2011 pack when the 2012 came out, I would assume that will happen again. This has been pretty consistent with Kuiu when they are replacing an item: spindrift, guide jacket, guide vest, and 2011 frame and bags.
I agree with you Shane. Kuiu is great gear I have no regrets about any purchases!! I just regret I can’t afford all the newest and improved gear every year!! That’s probably my thing!! I just thought I purchased the best icon pack for the second time. And I do like it !!! Now I have to dream about the icon 3!!!! Have a great new year!! And I guess keep dreaming about new icon packs!!! Kevin
Jason,
I have to admit I was a little frustrated with the announcement of a new Icon frame, only because I just got the 2012 frame and pack for Christmas. (Thanks Hun!!) It is hard to imagine a lot of improvement over the 2012 frame, it is much better than the 2011 design! That being said, kudos to you for constantly pushing the envelope with new innovations. I want to make sure that my money is buying the most advanced gear possible for hunting. I never have to worry about that with KUIU. Whether it is older model gear, or the newest version, I can always count on it being the best available. The worst part for me is waiting for the new gear to come out! Great job! I wish you, your family and your employees the best of wishes for the new year!
Jason,
I applaud you for sharing your vision for the company and the evolution of the gear … up to us to decide to go along for the ride as a customer or not. I had a little frustration, but quickly got over it. We are torn between our desire for the “latest greatest” and wish for it to be long lasting and remain technically relevant. Most of us are not professionals that will thoroughly trash and wear out the gear in just a season or 2, and move on to the newest stuff. While I don’t expect the synthetics to last for decades like the wool gear I am replacing, it will be nice to feel like it remains “near state of the art” for awhile. In end I think we all want to feel like we made a good investment.
Bloggers, I should add that (coming from an R&D background), you can not hold up the pace or rate of change and innovation. And it is always going to increase. If Jason does not lead and welcome it, someone else will and KUIU will lose the business base.
Jason, firstly HAPPY NEW YEAR, I don’t see why there is no reason you can’t keep some of the tested and true styles and move forward with technology like we would expect and want you to. I love seeing new stuff and improvements but also like to see my stands bys avaliable. Still looking forward to a quite, light weight, warm, wind proof fleece from you in Vias. Jason I still challange you to come up with a great fleece product that kuiu would be proud to brand.
Tim
Jason
I have to be honest, I just recently bought your gear and I’m very impressed! The quality of materials, fit and pattern is fantastic. As a guide, outdoorsman and gear head, I have Kuiu in my line up of go to gear. I have lived and hunted in Colorado all my life and always have been searching for gear that fits our ever changing environment. Thank you for bringing new and innovative gear to us!
Jason, it has been brought up on several forums, including the KUIU forum that the sizing of several articles of clothing from the new cut and sew house are much different than the original from Canada. I understand the need to move to a location to where you can get product out in a timely manner and keep up with demand, but I think as your customers something should be done to address the problems with the different sizing other than saying it should not be that way. I have at least a couple thousand dollars worth of KUIU gear that was made in Canada and I absolutely love it. I would like to add some Verde to my hunting wardrobe, but I am apprehensive to do so due to several people complaining of the different and uncomfortable fit. I will probably not purchase a pair of Guide pants, as I had intended to do until this problem has been addressed. Thank you.
Change is a good thing. Period. I’m excited to see what comes out in 2013 and I appreciate the desire to innovate and improve.
Hi Jason,
Glad to hear you will keep pushing the envelope. These are the two things I hope to see you develop/offer this year: a set of super down quilt-style sleeping bags (22oz or less for 20 degree rated) and smaller sizes for those of us who are under 5’10” (30″ waist).Summary
Address:
Located in Downtown El Gouna, this 5-star beach front resort, 20 km north of Hurghada, offers an outdoor pool, private beach, jewelry shop, shopping arcade and supervised children's activities. All rooms feature a spacious and secluded terrace or balcony with stunning views of the lagoons, pools, and the private beachesPositive Attributes of Grass Bioenergy
Contents
Environmental Attributes
As someone mentioned, “Isn’t this just a scheme to use energy (oil) to make nitrogen fertilizer to grow grass to make energy?” It could be just that, but no reason why it has to be so.
Enough grass must be produced per acre to justify the harvesting investment and transport to a processing facility. Enough grass also must be produced in total within the shipping radius of the processing facility to meet the feedstock needs of the facility. There is no reason why you have to adopt the federal strategy that maximum biomass yield per acre is an absolute requirement. New York State has a considerable acreage of unused and underutilized agricultural land much of which is reverting to forest. It is possible to use a one-harvest strategy that does not involve any commercial N fertilization and produce a harvestable yield with long-term sustainability. For the majority of dairy farms in NY with manure management concerns, biomass fields would provide the perfect outlet for excess manure nutrients.
- Greenhouse gas emissions.
REAP-Canada has estimated that switchgrass pellet energy produces up to 90% less greenhouse gases than fossil fuels. The highest fossil energy input to the switchgrass pellet energy system is N fertilizer. Production of lower yields of cool-season grasses with little or no N fertilizer might not be as economically profitable, but would be very close to greenhouse gas neutral. Grass production with dairy manure as the sole fertilizer will look good from both an environmental and economic perspective.
- Soil erosion and nutrient leaching.
A long-term or permanent sod crop is ideal for erosion control. Since nutrient input into the system is not maximized, nutrient leaching also will be minimized.
- Wildlife nesting.
A one-harvest system for cool-season grasses with harvesting in mid to late summer is compatible with bird nesting. Unharvested regrowth also provides some wildlife cover through the winter and early spring. When combined with acreage of switchgrass overwintered and harvested the following spring, both short and tall grass cover are provided throughout the winter and early spring for species that prefer one or the other.
- Species diversity.
Monocultures often work best for mechanically-harvested forage crops for dairy cattle where high quality is essential, because species do not reach optimum forage quality at the same time. Grass biomass, on the other hand, is harvested after most all species have fully matured. It does not matter that they reach maturity at different times. This system works well for grass meadows with a wide range of species. If a new crop is established, a mixture of grasses can be sown. This is especially useful on fields with variable conditions; some species will be more productive on high ground while others will survive poorly-drained conditions.
- Pesticide use.
No need to control insects or plant diseases in these grass stands. Cool-season grasses in the US have few pest problems, and species diversity discourages major pest outbreaks. Also no need for weed control. Weeds are an equivalent energy source to cool-season grasses.
- Open spaces.
A major concern in NY is the accelerating loss of open spaces. There are vast acreages of abandoned lands reverting to woody species. There is no incentive to mow these lands once a year to maintain open fields. A grass biofuel system is perfect for maintaining the open spaces. It also keeps the land in an agricultural condition, should our food or feed needs require reclamation of the land for this use. It is difficult to reclaim land for agriculture that has undergone forest succession.
- Nutrient management on farms.
The primary agricultural industry in NY is dairy farming. Environmentally-sound nutrient management is challenging when large animal production is concentrated. Grass biomass land that can be used for dairy manure application will help distribute these nutrients in a manner that is environmentally acceptable.
- Organic production practices.
With essentially no need for insect, disease or weed management, grass biofuel is ideally suited to organic production practices. Since grass biofuel does not need the energy-consuming tillage practices required for organic weed control, grass biofuel production is more sustainable than such practices.
Production Attributes
New farms will not be created that are dedicated to biomass crop production, the returns most likely will not be high enough to justify a strictly biomass operation. Biomass production will need to operate within existing farm enterprises and will not likely be a high priority crop since it will not be the primary income generator for the farm. With these constraints in mind, grass biofuel production can fit into the schedule of any farm operation.
- Energy Security.
Soaring energy prices have the potential to put many farmers out of business. On-farm energy production and consumption helps with on-farm energy security. Gasifiers will be available in the future for on-farm production of heat and electricity.
- Land suitability.
Grass biomass can be grown on all agricultural soil types.
- Production equipment.
All necessary equipment for grass biofuel production is currently available on most farms.
- Timeliness of harvest.
This crop has a very wide harvest window in the summer. It is possible to avoid all peak periods when other farm activities require priority; grass biofuel will not conflict with the primary agricultural activities on the farm.
- Level of management.
Grass biofuel requires minimum management expertise. It is as well-suited to small farms as it is to large farming operations, and also works for all levels of management intensity.
- Economic feasibility.
Although we have not yet calculated estimates for NY, based on Canadian studies we believe that a grass biofuel system could flourish without any government subsidies. Funding to get the industry jump-started would be helpful.
- Manure management.
Grass biofuel production is perfectly compatible with dairy and other livestock farming. Manure nutrients can be applied in the spring or anytime following grass harvest, as long as the grass is still actively growing.
- Compatibility with other biomass activities.
Grass biofuel production will complement other solid biomass production activities on the farm. It is easy to find a niche for grass on the farm that does not compete for land or labor resources with other bioenergy options.
- Market diversification.
Grass pellets could be marketed for horse bedding, as an alternative to the energy market. Straw pellets are very desirable as horse bedding and economically competitive with sawdust or shavings. At least one company in NY is currently marketing straw pellets for horse bedding.PHYLLIS ELLIOT OAKLEY ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE
RECALLING HER VISIT TO CHUGHTAI MUSEUM
That caliber of diplomats no longer posted in Pakistan
The role of any diplomat is to bridge two nations. Representing one’s own country, the task of diplomat is to carve a relation with host country. That diplomacy is no more. Arrogance has replaced that attitude and the present diplomats are more like Commandos sent to hammer submissiveness in the country. How can one win hearts and souls with such an arrogant approach to life? Wrong postings have harmed countries seeking better image of themselves.
My father dealt with hundreds of diplomats, and mostly they were in Karachi then, but they still found time to visit Lahore and befriend the artists of Pakistan. These countries included Canada, Australia, USSR, United Kingdom, Great Britain, France, Germany, Netherlands, etc, and of course USA. I myself hosted Ambassadors and High Commissioners of many of these countries. Our invitation card from day one goes to most of the Embassies in Islamabad. I see very few of them now. Afraid perhaps, but mostly unconcerned. Pakistan no longer matters to them, and they have treated us like a SLAVE COUNTRY now. Obviously they are making a grave mistake by distancing themselves from the people of Pakistan.
In this way I was recalling Phyliss E. Oakley, and considered her a perfect specimen of what an American is like. Reserved yes, polite always. In fact she possessed a wonderful insight into many things, and knew the power of the language of Art in diplomatic affairs. In fact another Ambassador Benjamin J. Oehlert had even started an ART IN THE EMBASSY programme in which the best of Pakistani Art was acquired and hung in the American Embassy. Chughtai Art hung in in the various US Consulates, but mostly there were FOUR WORKS OF CHUGHTAI ARTIST hanging in the US State Department itself. The works are still there and cement USA and Pakistan as nothing else. A work of Chughtai namely Kashmeeri Girl is at the Kennedy Memorial Boston, a gift of President Ayub Khan to John Kennedy at the White House.
A proposal to the new American Ambassador. Make your stay felt here! Prove Americans are one of the most friendly nations in the world.
About Phyllis Oakley at present teaching American Policy as Professor at John Hopkins University, USA.
Phyllis Elliott Oakley
Adjunct Professor
American Foreign Policy
Phyllis Elliott Oakley is a diplomat who served as U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugees, and Migration (1994–97) and Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research (1997–99). She is married to former Ambassador Robert B. Oakley and is a member of the American Academy of Diplomacy and the Council on Foreign Relations. Oakley is a graduate of the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University.
Ms. Oakley held a variety of positions within the U.S. foreign service. She was a Staff Assistant to Under Secretary Philip Habib, an Afghanistan Desk Officer and a Cultural Affairs Officer in Kinshasa (on loan to the United States Information Agency, USIA). She worked with the Agency for International Development (AID) Afghanistan’s cross-border humanitarian assistance program in Pakistan and served in Congressional Affairs for the Near Eastern Bureau of the State Department.
Currently an Adjunct Professor at the Johns Hopkins’ School of Advanced International Studies, Phyllis Oakley is teaching a course on functional issues in American foreign policy. She has also been a visiting professor at Mount Holyoke College and Northwestern University and serves on the visiting board of the College of Arts and Sciences of Northwestern University and the advisory board for the Study of Diplomacy at Georgetown University. She was chair of the board at Americans for UNFPA (United Nations Population Fund) from 2003 to 2007 while also serving as chair of the Public Affairs Committee and Nominating Committee at Americans for UNFPA.
God bless her for her skills!
4 thoughts on “PHYLLIS ELLIOT OAKLEY ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE – RECALLING HER VISIT TO CHUGHTAI MUSEUM”
She is remembered for her dignity
Thank you dear for such informations.
I have a large art piece labeled on the back Chughtai called “Come Fill The Cup.” Excellent condition. 38 x 31. I wish I knew more about . I’m looking to find a buyer, so I need to know its approx. worth. Can anyone help?
Reply already sent. More follows.Return by popular demand! Evita :
Robert Stigwood in association with David Land presents Evita [.] Lyrics by Tim Rice [.] Music by Andrew Lloyd Webber [.] Jacqui Scott as 'Eva' [,] Christopher Corcoran as 'Che' [,] Mcihael Bauer as 'Peron'...Tuesday 24th July - Saturday 18th August Olympia Theatre 72 Dame Street, Dublin 2 in assocaition with [the] Evening Herald [.]
[Olympia Theatre].
Subject to the provisions of the Copyright Act 2000, this remains in copyright. It is necessary to obtain the express permission of the copyright owner before reproducing this image.On January 1, 2015 I started a new poetry project. Every day I choose a poem by Emily Dickinson as my inspiration, and I write a poem in response. To share this work as I go, I created a Facebook page called Red Crested Poet. Once I have one hundred “likes” of the page, I will have access to statistics and analysis.
Also on my 2015 writing agenda are: finish Book Three in the Shirley Combs/Dr. Mary Watson mystery series; revise the thriller novel I wrote during NaNoWriMo; finish the revision of the full length play I wrote with Kate Kasten; publish something this year.
What are your writing plans for 2015? I’d love to hear from you. And where do you find your support for your writing projects? I’m lucky to have an excellent support system, including the NW Lesbian Writers Guild, a poetry group, my playwriting collaborator, friends, and readers. Without all this support, I don’t know that I would get much done. (Notice that this week’s Monday blog is being written and posted on Tuesday. ha.).
.
When we are new to writing we are told to learn the rules and stick with them.
For someone who has been writing for years before learning the rules it can seem like cruel punishment to suddenly restrict your writing with rules and regulations. Sometimes we lose heart while trying to stick with the darn mechanics. The rules tend to mess up our natural flow for a while so it’s best not to submit any of the “learning” works until you get your flow back. The most critical part of our writing that seems to become affected by learning the rules is voice. It often becomes stilted and unnatural and this can be very frustrating for the new writer.
Writing is a tricky thing anytime and especially for someone who is lucky enough to have a natural talent (imagination) for writing but it becomes tougher when you try to beat your writing into “RULES submission”. It gets tough alright, and then tougher and tougher until finally you feel so beaten about the brain that you almost hate writing. (I know how could a writer ever really say that?). It’s about then that things turn around and you somehow learn to fit the rules into your natural flow again. Personally, I don't feel I'm there yet but with more experience I'm sure this battle will be won in the end.
My wonderful mentor (who is no longer here on this incredible Earth) once told me you have to “learn the rules before you can break them”. When I started writing I was always breaking the rules and shunning my nose at them. Then, after being beaten about the head by my mentor I went the other way and applied the rules so strictly that my writing seemed as interesting as a flat piece of cardboard left out in the rain. Nowadays I'm aware of the rules (most of them) and tend to break them quite deliberately. It’s all part of the learning process. Yet I still feel I have a long road to travel in my writing career.
Forming your own opinion is a crucial part of becoming a great writer. You need to think, and evaluate then think in the opposite direction and back again, big breath, and then work out which style suits you. This is when things get really interesting. This is when you find your voice.
Always remember the stories you write are YOUR stories - not anyone else’s.
Even editors and readers of your work can be wrong. “Oh-my-heaven forbid!” Humans can be wrong? They are not Gods? Humans make mistakes all the time. See every war or battle humans have ever been involved in and you'll find mistakes, and it’s up to you to figure out when the human is making a mistake and when they are damned-well-right! Oh, and just to make it a bit harder it’s also subjective but that's a whole-nuther topic...
.
. for Purchasing a List for Your Inflatable Business
Pacoima, CA, May 18, 2014 --(
PR.com
)-- There are plenty of companies on the internet toting the sale of consumer lists to businesses, many of which also allow the purchaser to drill down the list by nearly any type of factor that they can imagine. As a commercial grade inflatable business, this can be a particularly effective marketing tactic to grow your bounce house business. However, like anything this should be entered into with a bit of research and understanding.
Most vendors offer both mail and email lists. While email lists generally come at a higher cost, the price for your inflatable business to market to these contacts is significantly lower than the printing and postage costs of direct mail. This is an important factor to keep in mind when deciding how to proceed with your list purchase.
The most important factor is to find the right vendor for your list. As a bounce house business, it will be most important for you to find a list based on zip code of the geographic area that you service. From there many list companies will also let you further break this down by age, income level, marital status, and a number of other factors that will make your message more likely to reach your inflatable business’ targeted audience.
Once you have narrowed your search to a few companies you will want to do your research on the vendor. Inquire about a guarantee that the addresses (whether these be mail or email) are valid. A reputable list company will generally stand by their list with a guarantee that at least 75% of their contacts will be valid. This can easily be measured with both mail and email through returned mail and bounced email addresses.
You should also request that the list vendor provide you with some customer references. Be sure to take the time to follow up with this. Many companies do not, and may regret this in the long run. Ask the customers about the success of their marketing using the company’s list and the validity of the contacts that were supplied. You will very quickly be able to ascertain whether this is in fact a satisfied customer.
Depending on the list company that you have selected, some vendors choose to send the mailing out for you themselves, with the fee only covering a one-time mailing. In this case you will need to include a very strong call to action in your inflatable business’ message. Only by having the recipient contact you, by email or phone, will you capture their information for future marketing through your own bounce house database.
If the list company does provide you with the contacts for repeat marketing, you will still want to put your best foot forward with this initial communication. This will set the groundwork for how they perceive your commercial grade inflatable business.
Purchasing a mailing list can certainly be an important aspect of your inflatable business’ marketing. Be sure to do the research so as not to fall prey to the number of companies online offering bad data for low prices.
Contact Information
Jungle Jumps
Stephanie Baldwin
800-285-5906
Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Jungle Jumps
Promote Your Business
Press Release Pricing
PR.comCandy Apple, Mocha Java, Pomegranate, Salted Caramel, Vanilla Bean, and so on. Porn star xxx sex videos. My First Blush Home Top 10 Best Selling Sex Toys for Couples. Top 10 sex toys for couples. Change the vibration settings using the handy, wireless remote control A Win-Win Put a ring on it. It's important to start small, so this little guy is a perfect plug for beginners.
Though worn vaginally, these beads reap additional benefits during anal sex as well. Xvideos bubble booty. Erection creams and lotions help you to decrease sensations until you are ready for release.
This is a great penis ring that be used to enhance your erection but also has a vibrating stimulator that has 7 powerful functions of vibration, pulsation and escalation. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. You can also chat and call in the app, all while your pleasure is gradually peaking. Although these aren't remote controlled, they can be just as fun.
Certainly they have for me. Worn on the finger, the Frisky Ripples Finger Bang takes foreplay to the next level. More Support and Restraints.
Porn industry award
If you've never tried one before, I highly recommend them. Naked in minecraft. If your partner has a penis, roll the pocket vibrator up and down the underside of his shaft while you perform oral sex.
The first item on my list is actually not a toy for couples, per se. The girth isn't too big and since it's made of glass, there isn't much concern about uncomfortable friction. Lingerie bestsellers Lingerie sale See all sexy lingerie. Top 10 sex toys for couples. Sexysamba Adult Leather Slapper Hand Spanking Paddle Flogger Whip Toys Double. My only warning, and this applies to every model I've tried, remember to take out the batteries when you're not using it or it may drain them.
Whips and riding crops aren't half as threatening as they sound, and spanking is a safe but sexy way to "kink" things up without feeling like complete deviants. Ignite Me Massage Candles 11oz. Lesbian couples halloween costume ideas. So try it out! See more Vibrator Gift Sets 4. But, the coolest thing about massage candles is their double duty. If you spend time with your battery-operated-boyfriend only when your real guy isn't around, you're both missing out:
Moregasm is a reference guide, an instruction manual, and a great, um, conversation starter. Step outside the vanilla zone and discover the naughtiest aspects of lust together. The upgraded version of the original wireless couples' ring delivers up to 39 feet of the original model, allowing you to sex it up from every nook and cranny in your home.
This thrusting sex toy mimics the back-and-forth movement of penetration. This is one of the best improvements upon a regular strap on that I've come across. Have You Seen this Wearable Butterfly Vibe? Sorry we could not verify that email address. Top 10 sex toys for couples. Look no further than this silky smooth number from Je Joue. These Lubes Will Make Anal Sex SO Much Better. Adult pron comics. Laughter really is the BEST medicine. Have I got a lube for you.
Best shaved pussy pics:With the upcoming movie, "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey", all things Lord of the Rings seem to be creeping back into view, and I am getting really excited about it all.
For those who don't know why I am excited, I will say now.... I am a writer, and my tutor was Robert Neale... who was a student of Tolkien. Being a Drama student at uni during the filming of the LOTR movies, I was so happy to be free enough to get involved in the films, it was amazing. Then this year I had the chance to meet Sir Ian McKellan and perform on stage with him... then I took my class to Hobbiton, and we were invited on set with the academy award winning set designer Ronald Hunter for "The Hobbit"... and we even went to Weta Workshops. It has been a total LOTR year. Basically, I keep thinking that there is a deep connection between me and Tolkien... there isn't. There is just a lot of coincidence.
ANYWAY.... After the LOTR films, a lot of the filming locations were packed up, or just mentioned in guidebooks. Now they are becoming more .... well.... interactive. Rivendell, where the Elves live in the books, was built at Kaitoke Regional Park, near Upper Hutt, in the Wellington area.
Recently, like, really really happening right now, are the signs going up in the area. Before this, people had to know it was there, and use the power of imagination to go into the movie.
The sign identifying the entrance to Rivendell is now up, filled with information. There are now pathways leading into the area, and labeling what is what. And these are beautiful signs, hand carved and everything. This whole area is free to enter, and completely accessible. With public toilets and a great car park, Rivendell even has wheelchair access!
Unfortunately, I tend to become a bit of a fan-girl and should be banned from visiting some places...
As you can see, we visited during the construction phase of the signs. Being able to measure yourself against the height of the characters is a nice touch. The bush and river is beautiful, and a great way of spending time in the Hutt Valley. Easily this could be part of a larger trip. With several walks in the area from a 10 minute swing-bridge loop walk, to an hour bush walk, to an all day walk to Te Marua, walking is popular. I had ankle surgery 3 weeks ago and easily completed the short walks and Rivendell without any issue whatsoever.
Kaitoke Regional Park has excellent facilities for toilets and camping, and is very cheap, run by the Department of Conservation. Kitchen facilities (aka gas BBQ's) are available at a few dollars a pop. With a selection of rivers and inlets to swim at, it is a brilliant location. Large open areas are perfect for playing games, and dogs are permitted, as long as you keep them restrained in the bush, and clean up after them.
I cannot speak highly enough of the trip to Rivendell. Not only is it well thought out, beautiful, free and easily accessible, it is a real slice of movie history.
Love the pics :) Thanks for stopping by my blog, following you back! I look forward to your future posts!
Excellent! I am so thrilled to have you along for the ride and to share on the interwebs. :D
Thanks for stopping by my blog and following--I am following back!
Thanks so much, I look forward to reading more of your posts.
Your a riot Juanita!! Looking forward to reading more :)
Lol! That's one way of putting it. Thanks so much, and I am sure my insanity will pour through in future posts as well. ;)
Wow, this is a great post! I am an LOTR fan too. Thanks for sharing at Sweet Saturday :) I'm now following back!!!
Thanks so much.... there will be more LOTR stuff I am sure. :DFeatured Athlete – Shane Peoples
My name is Shane Peoples and I’m a CrossFit addict. I was your typical high school athlete. After I graduated I lived a sedentary lifestyle. I tried the “normal” gyms, but I got bored with them quickly. My coworker was a member of CFB and encouraged me to try CrossFit. In January 2013 I went to my first class. The class completely destroyed me and I loved it. During that time, I was going through difficult personal issues. The workouts were so hard, it was a hour break from my problems. I looked forward to that hour every day. As my personal life improved, I became completely dedicated to fitness. The best part about CrossFit is the community. I have many friends and know more people because of CrossFit. My blood pressure before CrossFit was 150/100. Now it’s 100/80. I went from 2XL shirts to large. My pants size went from 40 in the waist to 34. My cholesterol blood work went from abnormal to normal. Thank you Neal for bringing this amazing experience to this area.On February 3, 2017 at approximately 8:20PM Transit Police officers assigned to the South District received a radio call to respond to Norwood Central Commuter Rail station for a report of a person possibly struck by a train. Multiple Transit Police units responded along with Norwood Fire and EMS. Transit Police personnel on scene report the following preliminary information: at approximately 8:20pm a female, approximate age of 50, while trespassing on the right of way in the vicinity of the Guild Street Overpass was struck by an outbound Franklin Line train. The female has been pronounced deceased as a result of injuries sustained. Transit Police detectives and representatives of the Norfolk County DA's Office are investigating the circumstances leading to the incident. Foul play is NOT suspected. NO further updates tonight.
media inquiries should be directed to Superintendent Richard Sullivan at rsullivan@mbta.comAlright, it's Thursday so that means it's time for another Tell Me Thursday brought to you by Laura at Crooks and Crazies!!
And now onto the questions...
1. What five things can't you live without?
The husband
The doggies
Cheese curds (I'm a WI girl)
Comfy shoes
Culver's (most delicious fast food ever)
2. How do you transport your dogs? This question suggested by several peeps, including Mara.
After some stupid teenager ruined my old car I picked up what I call "The Transporter" earlier this year.
Isn't it beautiful? It's a Subaru Outback and it pretty much always has crates rattling around in the back. And I usually have the back seats down so it's basically a two-seater most of the time. Sometimes I'm a little lazy and just throw all the dogs into one crate for very short trips but they don't mind.
Oh, and this baby has heated seats!!! YES!!! I pulled my hamstring last week so even though it's 90+ outside I'm riding around with my seat cranked up to high and it is awesome.
3. What role does obedience play in your training or running of your dog(s)?
I think that obedience is pretty boring so I try to do a lot of trick training. It helps my dogs learn how to learn and that it's okay to make mistakes. But I'm always working on a good recall and a fast down which both come in handy when it comes to agility.
4. At what point do you start putting commands on your dogs?
When I'm teaching something new I usually wait a day or so before I start adding the command. And then I start by having them do the trick and then saying "Good [name of trick]". Then I'll add in the command once they start to offer the trick without me having to lure them.
5. Do you talk to strangers in elevators? Question posted by Laura #1.
Ummm... sometimes there are scary people in elevators :)
Bwaahahaha. I think I might be the scary person in the elevator. hahaha
LOVE your transporter.
You were #1! You go girl. :)
By the way... I had to go in and fix my button link, so you may want to go copy and repaste the button code. I'd messed up. Oopsie!
Glad I'm not the only one bored by obedience. I fully admit that my dogs have "agility obedience" and that's it. They know enough to make them pleasant to live with and get around an agility course, so that works for me. All of that formal obedience stuff just doesn't appeal to me. Quite honestly, I can't even bring myself to do rally. Snore.... lol
OMG, who talks to strangers in elevators? I try to not even make eye contact!! :o)
You & your Culvers... lol There is one down the street from me and I think I've been there twice, ever. Maybe that's for the best, though.
Laura - thanks so much for starting this! And I fixed my button.
Karissa - yeah, I totally think rally and obedience is boring. But it is quite amazing to watch our obedience instructor work with his dogs - they are brilliant. Maybe if I was ever that good with my dogs I might like it more :) I think I have an abusive relationship with Culver's - it breaks my nose but then keeps telling me it still loves me with those delicious cheese curds and frozen custard. I can't believe you live down the street from one!!My 2010 Ford Fusion stalls and loses power at highway speeds for no apparent reason. The car slows to about 40mph and this can be very dangerous while driving on a crowded highway where other cars are going faster and can easily cause an accident. After I pull off of the road and restart the engine it runs again. I called Ford corporate and they told me to have the dealer plug it in to their diagnostic computer. I did so and the dealer said the computer shows no record of a problem so they don't know what is causing the problem. I spoke with the Ford regional office and they told me that they will not assist in finding a solution. This car is too dangerous to drive and I may have to buy another car; certainly not a Ford. I note that other Fusion owners have reported this same problem. Can anyone help?
Bill BryantRealtyspace – Real estate WordPress Theme
Attention: This theme requires PHP 5.4 or higher and uses Twig template engine!
Realtyspace is the WordPress Theme for real estate websites. It has a purpose oriented design and it comes loaded with tons of useful features.
Excellent responsive design – Realtyspace is fully responsive and will look great on all devices. Tested on dozens of Apple and Android devices, you name it!
Front-end form / My page test site : Go to Test
Username : demo
Password : demo
Features:
-
- Front end submit form
- Front end property management
- Paid property submit with payment via PayPal
- Demo import to bootstrap your workflow
- -Property street view & satellite view
- Scroll spy
Changelog
1.0
- First version
The images are not included in the package.
Summary
High Resolution: Yes, Widget Ready: Yes, Compatible Browsers: IE10, IE11, Firefox, Safari, Opera, Chrome, Edge, Compatible With: WPML, Visual Composer 4.11.2.1, Visual Composer 4.9.x, Visual Composer 4.9, Software Version: WordPress 4.5.2, WordPress 4.5.1, WordPress 4.5, WordPress 4.4.2, WordPress 4.4.1, WordPress 4.4, Columns: 2Theme Preview
Realtyspace – Real estate WordPress Theme
Download Free Realtyspace – Real estate WordPress Theme
Download this file for free @ FileNugget
(themeforest-15965811-realtyspace-real-estate-wordpress-theme.zip)Ahoy, mateys!
After a "Pirates of the Caribbean" DVD marathon and playing Facebook's Mighty
Pirates, I have decided to run a pirate game on Day of Fudge (June 4, 2011)!
I will be using two excellent Fudge Factor articles:
1. Naval Combat in Fudge. … fudge.html
2. All for One, and All for Fudge! … fudge.html
But I need some help, me hearties... I need some ships!
Can you design some? It can be purely descriptive or with stats, as long as it
details the ship, quirks and all. Of course it needs a full crew too - from
Captain to Cook!
I thank yee.
Do you want standard Age of Sail ships, or are you planning on piracy set in a different era*. Moreover, what do you need from ships on a mechanical basis?
*Because if you drag it back a bunch, I can bring in the Alchemquest ships, which are easy enough to design. Kayaks, catamarans, long canoes, rafts, and other similar boats make up most of the stuff in that setting, none of which fits the standard Age of Sail.
The [-] die.
JTim just gave 2 sample ships on the mailing list: … sage/3553. I emailed said samples to you now, Knaight.
I finally settled on my ship stats
SHIP NAME
FLAG
COLORS
* Hull
* Sails
ATTRIBUTES
* Class (Ship Scale): Represents size and number of dedicated gun decks it can support. Ship Classes lower that Sloop are ordinary boats.
> Sloop (0): 0 gun decks (need to lash cannons on the top deck).
> Corvette (1): 1 gun deck.
> Frigate (2): 2 gun decks.
> Galleon (3): 3 gun decks.
* Hull: Terrible to Superb. Strength/Damage Capacity. Lower than Terrible, it is sunk!
* Speed: Terrible to Superb. Movement/Quickness. i.e. Sails and Rigging. Lower than Terrible, dead in the water!
* Manueverability: Terrible to Superb. Turning-ability
i.e. Wheel and Rudder. Lower than Terrible, drifting aimlessly!
* Crew: Terrible to Superb. Scalawags all of 'em. Lower than Terrible, R.I.P.!
GIFTS
* Officers
> First Mate Adds 1 to Speed.
> Bos'n Adds 1 to Hull.
> Pilot Adds 1 to Maneuver.
> Surgeon Adds 1 to Crew.
* Submersible (The Flying Dutchman)
* more to come...
FAULTS
* Noisy - always creaks and groans
* Leaky
* Drafty
* Cursed (The Flying Dutchman)
* more to come...Justin Bieber - House Activity
Birth Chart for Justin Bieber. may have unusual ways of responding to what life offers you, with the result that the way you make your living is somewhat eccentric. Your means of support may be individualistic and different from the group.
Uranus in Second House
You are very idealistic when it comes to possessions, finance, and how you choose to make your living. Your response to what life offers you is always very elevated, although not always practical. This could lead to some disappointments.
Neptune very communicative, not a little curious, and like to talk, speak, write, and so on. Study, research, and investigations of all kinds appeal to you. You are always searching out some answer or another. Siblings are important too.
Sun in Third House
You love to study and question and are always inquiring and searching, using your mind for research. You enjoy communication in all its forms -- spoken, written, via computers, and so on. Your mind is active, always testing and searching for limits.
Mercury in Third House
A relentless drive to pursue knowledge, to search, research, and follow out leads and pointers. You are very motivated when it comes to communications of all forms -- phone, voice, letters, computers, and the like.
Mars in Third House
You don't waste words, and communications tend to be short and to-the-point. You are very determined and deliberate when it comes to mental work and would make an excellent researcher or scientist. You concentrate on what is essential.
Saturn
You love your roots, whether home and family, ancestors, or history in general. You are probably a collector and very discriminating in this area. You appreciate emotions and like to get a sense or feel for whatever is happening.
Venus could excel in a career that involves understanding and self-sacrifice. Psychology, counseling -- guiding others to be forgiving and accepting -- may be a special skill that you have. Work with mental patients, prison inmates, and the like is possible.
Jupiter in Twelfth House
A born psychologist. You can't help but dig beneath the surface of the human psyche and its vulnerabilities. You are passionate about your willingness to give and to sacrifice yourself for what you believe in. You understand and accept others.
Pluto in Twelfth House
EXCELLENT QUICK WOULD USE AGAIN
VERY HELPFUL AND QUICK
Everything was great.
Good service friendly
Good service friendly.
Happy with the work, price is very good for the work... wish my car was cleaned and hoovered when collected.. sanding dust everywhere in the interior and outside of the car. Other than than great!!!
Was sorted quickly, no problems whatsoever!
Really nice and efficient service, will definitely come back if I need any more work..
Clutch was repaired on the same day that I phoned up. Mechanic showed me the condition of the old clutch and advised on the causes.
What a great job completed. Picked up from my wife's work and dropped back off!! They even gave the car a well needed clean.
Hassle free service ,pleasant staff . Tony was great in communication from beginning to the end !.
Very accommodating and helpful. Total amount to be paid was £140 but only charged £20 as we decided to scrap the vehicle.I once met the composer Donald Swann, of Flanders and Swann fame. It was at a dinner party. He wore a dark blue Nehru suit, had the air of a prankish clergyman, was somewhat deaf and wonderful company. At one point our host bellowed gently across the table: 'Donald! What do you think of the countryside?' Taking his cue, Swann put down his glass, dabbed his lips with a napkin and began to croon (to the tune of Beethoven's 6th Symphony):
The country, the country,
It always gets me down;
The country, the country -
I'd rather stay in town.
I'm a city-dweller by choice and inclination. In our garden each morning I see and hear all manner of birds - swallows, blackbirds, wood pigeons, a robin, chaffinches. I saw a heron at dawn the other day, stretching its wings, which scared me half to death. There are other birds I cannot identify by sight or song, and the sound of the wind in the trees. I like all this but side with Auden who insisted that 'Tramlines and slag heaps, pieces of machinery / That was, and still is, my ideal scenery;. (But didn't he borrow or steal the machinery/scenery rhyme from Byron? I'm not sure where I read that - can anyone confirm this?)
Continuing my rural theme: do you remember Phil Drabble (1914-2007)? He was the affable Staffordshire-born naturalist who presented one of the most charming and delightful television programmes of all time: One Man and his Dog. Here's a description of the show by Joe Moran in Armchair Nation: An intimate history of Britain in front of the TV:
Consisting largely of shepherds whistling and calling out commands ('Come by Meg', 'Steady lass') to a dog trying to get a bleating flock of sheep into a pen somewhere on a British hillside, it introduced viewers to this traditional British skill and turned the border collie into a cult hero. By the mid 1980s it had a primetime audience of 8 million on Tuesday nights on BBC2, most of them town- and sofa-dwelling vicarious shepherds, the majority of them women.
It was mesmerising television, and usually took place in a torrential downpour. You can see a post-Drabble clip of the programme here (although it's disfigured by awful music and a witless commentary by some telly sports hack - the original simple format buried in bolted-on novelty).
I remember vividly a Radio 4 broadcast in which Drabble was joined by the actor Kenneth Williams, for a trudge around some muddy rural backwater. Drabble was nonplussed by his strikingly camp companion, who complained bitterly and constantly about their working conditions. Drabble, if I recall correctly, was wearing stout wellingtons and a thornproof jacket while Williams had fetched up in a lounge suit and suede shoes. It was absolutely hilarious, and I'd love to hear it again. Many years later the late art critic Brian Sewell, the man with the poshest voice in the land, was regularly paired with the laddish radio presenter Robert Elms and a similar chemistry emerged.
More odd pairings like that, radio producers, if you please. But keep Piers Morgan out of it. Why mention Morgan? Because the word 'countryside' was once defined (by Stephen Fry, I think) as 'an overwhelming urge to kill Piers Morgan'.). Dogs are bi-chromates, meaning their eyes have two cones enabling them to see blue/yellow and black/white, while most humans are tri-chromates, enabling us to see many more colors. Some butterflies have five cones and can see an even broader range. The mantis shrimp, amazingly, has sixteen cones! If all these different species might be looking at the same thing, some would see more colors than others, who, “though seeing, they do not see.”
Thursday, May 24, 2012
Rods, Cones, and Seeing More Colors
Excellent essay ("Spiritual perception and the science of color") found here. Informed by both science and faith -- I don't want to say "integrating" because I believe they're already integrated, we just have to look for it. Here's the first paragraph:
Labels: biology, faith and sciencewood Park Roof Plumbers
- B 1.6 km L & G Plumbing Pty Ltd
- C 1.7 km Just Guttering
- D 2.0 km Allstate Roofing & Guttering
- E 2.1 km David Mcbrien
Nearby Suburbs
- St Agnes (1) - 1.00 km
- Redwood Park (1) - 1.43 km
- Modbury North (2) - 1.93 km
- Modbury (1) - 1.94 km
- Tea Tree Gully (1) - 2.39 kmsMS_0<<
Here, we will start with the report section and grouping.
Let us now go to the Design view of this report.
You can see that there's not a lot to look and here only page header, details section, and page footer are visible. You can add an additional couple of sections very easily.
Right click anywhere on that report and you will see Page Header/Footer and Report Header/Footer. This particular report does not have that Report Header/Footer visible. Let us select that option and go back to the Report View.
_4<<
In the Report View, you will now see more area at the very top of the report as in the following screenshot.
The Report Header and Footer controls appear at the top of the first page of that report. The report footer controls what you see at the very last page at the bottom of the report.
_7<<_8<<
You can now add additional groups or grouping on any control that you have in your report. Let us now click on Add a Group.
In the above screenshot, you can see the underlying control source for report with the project name, task title, due date and percent complete. Let us now say we want to group all of our late tasks by project, so select Project Name from the list.
_11<<
You can now go to the Report View and see the adjustments made to group the things in the report as in the following screenshot.
_13<<
You can increase the width of the control to cover the entire width of the page.
To remove the border around the control, click on the Shape Outline in the Format tab as in the following screenshot.
Select the Transparent option.
Let us now go to the Design View as in the following screenshot.
Adjust the task title to the left of your page as in the following screenshot.
Let us now bring the data from the Page Header section to the ProjectName header section using Ctrl+X and Ctrl+V.
Let us now go back to the Report View. You will now see that the labels appear directly above the controls that they describe.
If you notice, you will see that there is no space between the tasks and the next project name. There should be additional space in between. For that, we need to add ProjectName Footer.
Now, go to the Design View.
In the Group, Sort and Total area click on the More button next to the project name.
You will now find all the options for how to group and sort by project name as in the following screenshot.
Here, we have a property called Without a Footer Section. Let us change that option by clicking on that little arrow next to the words Without a Footer Section.
Change it to With a Footer Section.
As you can see in the above screenshot that the ProjectName Footer section beneath the Details section is added. This will act as the footer for that project name group.
Let us now go back to the Report View.
To remove shading or the appearance of background for alternating areas in both the Details section and in the Project Name area, go to the Design View again.
Let us change the Details section first by clicking on the detail divider and then open Properties sheet.
On the Format tab, change the Alternate Back Color to No Color as in the following screenshot.
Similarly change the Alternate Back Color to No Color for both ProjectName Header and ProjectName Footer and go to Report View.
You can now see how the report looks. To see how your data will print page by page, let us go to the Print Preview.
This is how it will look like when you print it.The ultimate simple supper for just about leftover everything (curry, chilli, bolognese, rice, pasta, potatoes, veg, cheese…). I’ve been cooking stuffed peppers quite often recently, partly because peppers make a regular appearance in my Wonky Veg boxes, but they are such an easy meal that can be made either on the day or in advance. I like to cut them in half (rather than fill the whole pepper) and sit them on a layer of tomato-based sauce. Then, I layer them with rice, finely chopped veg (usually mushrooms, onion and more pepper), refried beans (ideally homemade) and topped with cheese.
On this particular occasion I took a slightly different route.
The base:
Half a tin of tomatoes, half an onion, clove of garlic and a sprinkle of oregano
Saute the onion and garlic until soft, add the tomatoes and oregano, and simmer until thickened. Season to taste and spread over the bottom of an ovenproof dish.
The filling:
Leftover curry sauce, leftover veg (courgette, pepper, onion), and leftover five bean salad.
Cut the peppers in half lengthways, scoop out the seeds, and place in the dish. Mix the filling and spoon into the peppers. Top with grated cheese (or mozzarella, breadcrumbs, whatever needs using).
Cover with foil and bake at about 200C for 40 mins. Uncover and cook for a further ten minutes until the cheese/breadcrumbs is golden.]
- Anyone looking forward to the return of X Factor this Saturday? :)
- My youtube has turned spanish...how do i change it back to english???
- Are you nice or mean?
- Will anyone Subscribe to this video i made?
- Ever notice that a flock of geese overhead....
- How long is a Leeds Festival day ticket valid for?
- In which website could i download porn movies of 15 to 25 minutes for free
- What is Breaking Dawn based on?
- HELP! 10 pnts for best answer?
- How often.....?????????
- What key would I play my flute in? :P
- American Music Awards 2008
- BME pain olympics..??????
- How can I get hold of the stage times for Reading Festival before I get there?
- Please suggest me some sites offering tickets for the concert of Bob Dylan which
- I need to let sky know im moveing out
- Why did you do that ?
- Nickelodeon kids choice awards question. this might sound stupid, but...
- Guys only.. what do you think of girls periods?
- Justin.TV Firewall?HELP!?
- Icarly and Drake and Josh, are your kids watching these shows?
- Starting to play the guitar?
- STICKY KEYS HELP!!! ITS LIKE THE SHIFT KEY IS ALWAYS PRESSED
- Hmmm.. What to do, what to do... 10 points!
- Where can I find the results of the Teen Choice Awards 2008?
- What are some awesome bands that you'd reccommend seeing!?!?!
- How do you add fanfiction on deviantart?
- THE NEXT LIVE BROADCASt?---> jonas brothers
- I need photobucket help?
- Questions about current pop culture
- Any good shows on latley?
- Do you like This Old Song By Manfred Mann -" Fox on the run"?
- Did anyone go to the maroon 5/counting crows concert? How was it?
- Y did john mayer ruin free fallin?
- PARTY!!!!!!!! IDEAS????????????
- If you open you will regret!
- How is Criss Angel able to fly from building to building?
- Question: Why isn't Jason White officially part of Green Day?
- Can you please help me
- Any stupid things to say?(I'm really bored)
- How could i get auditions for disney channel
- My aunt is in.......................
- Needs a next verse!!
- What are some good truth or dare questions to ask a guy
- 1 scary way to break up
- What is going on in Russia...in basic terms?
- Cameras in jonsa brothers concert?
- Does anyone know any nightclubs for under 18s
- MY LIFE IS BORING...ARG!!
- What's a good vampire series?
- Bacelorette Party HELP! OKC area.. Will give best answer for good ideas.
- How can i enjoy my summer ? I don't have money at all ... please help.
- Did Anyone Watch the special on The TV-Guide Channel 25 Hottest TV Doctors?
- Please help Me???????????
- What time did the American Idol concert start on July 9?
- Is Green Day still performing???
- I need to go out but its only tuesday
- What are JRockers????
- Wat to do on a rainy day so i wont be lazy?
- What can i do..14th birthday?
- Can I buy a copy of the Broadway Musical "Lestat" on DVD?
- What is meant by 1,2,3 ?
- I recently saw a video on vh1...A guy breaks up with his girl and goes to a disc
- Has anyone else not got their v festival tickets yet?? starting to worry now!!
- Do u watch wizards of waverly place
- The Rat Pack...which one and best place??
- What to do for my 16th birthday?
- How To Get rid-off my Girl Friend..?????
- Fanfiction.com, will someone review. Camp Rock story.
- How do i convince my mum to buy me a....
- Fun things to do in a new country?
- Zombie hunter websites/groups
- Ideas !!! Ideas !!! Ideas !!!
- HELP! what are some songs written ABOUT a girl?
- Are floor seats and lawn seats the same thing??
- Can anyone remember this TV show???
- How would i watch the breaking dawn concert now?
- What does it mean "to sesh"?
- Does Lucas Cruikshank have a girlfriend?
- Best way to buy concert tickets
- Do you think Lucas Cruikshank is hot?
- Should i go to the commercial audition tomorrow?
- What songs do the Backstreet Boys sing at their concert?
- How did u enjoy ur school days with ur friends?
- Ok its my birthday in oct rent a field how much - sound fun??
- Chevy Malibu Hybrid commercial song?
- Anything on your mind?
- Why are there so many kids under the age of 14 on yahoo answers?
- Need help with the song name.....
- Gurnee Mills Mall? is it cheaper
- I need party tips!!!
- Words starting with...
- So called BEST ANSWERS r not d BEST..!!
- I'm going to a Jonas Brothers concert August 16th and i need help?!?!
- My at&t minutes with someone else who has at&t
- Sweet 16 on a budget!
- What are easy songs to learn in the guitar?
- I need ideas for my 16th b-day
- What are the benefits of having GF..!!!!!
- What should i expect at this concert?
- Where can I watch Twilight Tuesdays?
- Did videos cheapen music?
- Big brother 9 UK nicole and rex?
- Where can i download "videos" of Sara Stone other than Limewire?
- I Don't Know - Do you Know?
- Demi lovato concert question!!!
- I hate yahoo answers!
- How do you convince your mom to get her a present for your sister?
- How many stars can this question get?
- Who thinks Evanescence will break up?
- The british Hammer Horror classic versus Le Grande italiano Giallos Horror Class
- Tell me your story about....................
- How do I tune a guitar half a step down?
- Any suggestions of what we ould do today?
- Good names for my....
- How much are ordinary tickets for the V Festival and do you think Amy Winehouse
- Dance/Party Playlists?
- How does ebay work? can i put my teenager up for auction? how much am i likely t
- How did criss angel levitate??
- I really need an answerrrr...
- Jonas Brother Concert Tickets...??
- Write the next line?
- Sister wants to be able to do this?
- Buying tickets from Ticketmaster?
- Where can i get Passion's EP?
- What does ttyl mean ! My friend sent it to me in text
- I need a unique username for an Aim im creating! I want the name Aly in it! Some
- Where can i get a pink Acoustic Guitar?
- The great abyss?????????
- Myspace..............
- Has anyone been to the journey, heart, and cheap trick concert this year?
- Question about concert will-call tickets...
- What are all the kinds of radio stations in Tampa?
- Breaking Dawn???????????????
- Any funny videos...?
- This is a long shot
- Is One True Media Free?
- How do you get a meet and greet pass for a Jonas Brothers concert?
- What are some really good.... ??
- Who thinks the new batman film is good
- I need a club name...
- Painting the White House black?
- Did anyone get the word on the street? Get Points from Murph at the JS Rodeo at
- Y.Fielding the experiences hav 2 b genuine
- What do you think about my idea?
- Anyone watch Queen Bees Yesterday???
- Music:- Do you like Elkie Brooks - No More The Fool ?
- Will Bob Dylan be known, in a few centuries time, to be as great as Homer, Shake
- Music:-Is it True, "when The Going Gets Tough, The Tough Get Going"?
- Did anyone get the Word on the Street? Get Points from ALEX at the Central Wisco
- Twilight series!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
- Do you like Coldplay.............??
- How many people think size really matter, and why?
- Twilight........help with some ones power
- What are some good online radio stations?
- Does anybody know a website to get JB tickets?
- If my brother calls me from another country am I charged a fee?
- Hey folks..had a great nite with friends...is it too late to have one more and k
- Isn't this video scary?
- Does this link work for you?
- How do I become a music manager/agent?
- Jonas Brothers tickets for August 18th?
- What is wrong with youtube for 10 pts
- Whats the first thing you think of when you hear the name...
- The "Twilight" series Appropriate for 11-year-old neice?
- What was the most wild thing that's ever happened to you??
- What is a the difference between Squire and Fender guitars?
- Looking for a 13 year old guy?
- Queen Bees, what's Michelle's nationality?
- Best Active Stand-Up Comedians
- Babysitting a 2nd grade girl.
- Bow Wow or Six Flags??
- In honor of Bernie Mac
- What abt a housewarming party?
- Do u belive in 21.12.2012
- Does juno promote teen pregnancy!
- Have you ever killed someone
- Do you have to pay to have a yard stuff?
- What is the name of the magic potion that Harry prepares in the book the half bl
- Am I a Good dancer?
- I found wall E depressing
- Where can I buy cheap custom guitar picks?
- I want to sky dive :)
- Is this illegal???????
- Posted this before and no luck need help plz
- Question? should i change my name?
- Is vip talent connect the real deal?
- Any Ideas on how to keep two teenage girls entertained
- Have you ever heard of Jeff Dunham?
- Does anybody else find it kind of hard to play stairway to heaven on the guitar?
- What is that show on SBS where a doctor cuts open dead bodies...
- Having a nightclub theme party and need help with music
- Cigarette magic trick
- Paramore/Phantom Planet concert shirt prices?
- In Breaking Dawn in the end it was the cottage house they were in right? (Bella.
- How can I comprehend what I read?
- We The Kings and The Academy Is... Tour This Fall?['08]
- Classic one commeing your way! am i.......
- Legally Blonde Themed Sleepover and Party!
- Do you think you can dance channel?
- Today is my birth day?
- Where would you find the model # for your guitar?
- For people who have seen Mayhem Fest Already, Are cameras allowed in?
- Sweet sixteen in NY?
- Burning man and love fest?
- Computer games..fun computer games?
- Anyone with dvr or tivo 10 points!!!
- I need a picture of Blink 182 streaking
- What bookor books are you reading right now ?
- What kind of music is Motown?
- I'm so bored! what can i do?
- When do you call the radio station?
- Is it true that if you see a boy's willy, you can pregnant?
- Where can i find the songs that are played during the show From G's to Gents
- Do You Like My Song I Wrote It
- What is a better guitar to have, a Mexican Fender Stratocaster, or a Gibson Les
- Back to school luau!
- Did anyone get a note saying their computer could be replaced because they r a y
- Were can i get an 80inch human hamster ball
- Did u like breaking dawn
- Does anybody know where to get a jonas brothers concert ticket?
- Has any tried to put their foot over there head
- Do you think that's fair?
- What are the Jonas Brothers going to do on 8/12 in the Garden State mall?
- What's a better word for...?
- If This Is The Answer "33-53.9° N/118-38.8° W" What Was The Question?
- What song did the ACDC crew dance too on the teen choice awards 2008?
- What is eveyone doing?
- Caffeine make's me feel happy?and high?
- I have more info about the evil 1001-ans***s.c*m
- Vampires, do they exist?
- Jrock where did you first hear of it?why do you love it so much?
- Going to see Batman Dark Night tonight.. is it good and is it scary???
- Do Breast Implant Squeeker Toys exist?
- I need some twilight myspace defualt layouts?
- Has any seen the cartoon show Spawn?
- Where can i find Iron on Bag patches that have band names?
- What are unlimted texting rates for prepaid phones from altel, cingular, at&t, a
- ITunes/Limewire? Help please!!
- Is this amazing or what
- What is a cute theme that goes along with circus?
- Veoh Beta TV legal/illegal?
- Reading festival- drugs??
- Where would I go in Chicago, if my 3 year old neice is model/commercial material
- What are some of Journey's and Cheap Trick's most popular songs?
- Any ideas of what to do?
- What should I do right now??
- Jonas Brothers on GMA? How early?
- Which city's Yellow Pages is best to toss at the television when stupid real
- Do you love to hear a lullaby before you nod off to sleep ?
- Guess what tomorrow is???
- Impressions of Chris Martin (Coldplay)
- UK> will the olympics opening cermony be on tv?
- How do u get these on youtube? please help!
- What kind of flute should i buy for band at school?
- How do I get to be front row at a concert?
- Does charlie find out that bella is a vampire?
- Could Peter Gabriel give a private concert?
- Does anyone know where i can learn how to play guitar on line for free ?
- What's a AWESOME website that has free videos and music?
- What Does OMG Stand For?
- Mom has to come to concert with me?This is interesting.... Catalan Dragons half-back Scott Dureau has joined former coach Trent Robinson at NRL side Sydney Roosters after he signed on loan until the end of 2014. Dureau has made just one Dragons appearance this season after he ruptured a bicep tendon in February. Although the 27-year-old is now fit, Thomas Bosc's form and Sam Williams' arrival from St George-Illawarra have further limited opportunities. He will also team up with ex-Catalans prop Remi Casty at the Roosters. Read more at BBC.co.uk"It is absurd to divide people into good and bad.B. TRAVEN JR. -- CONSPIRACY THEORIST AT LARGE
People are either charming or tedious . . ."
--Oscar Wilde
B. Traven Jr. here. In my continuing search for the great explorer Percy Fawcett,who is chronicled in David Grann's book, The Lost City of Z (9781400078455) 15.95, I have returned early from the Amazonian rainforest in anticipation of being named as this year's winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature. Robert Zimmerman ain't got nothing on me. Ha, ha! I have been working all day on my acceptance speech. So here's a preview:
"Thank you, thank you. Oh, you're all too kind. Thank you. Please be seated. Thank you. First of all, I would like to thank my fellow authors who were just as deserving of this award as I am. Haruki Murakami, author of IQ84 (9780307593313) 30.00, which releases on October 25, has been highlighted on several of the Nobel Prize shortlists and certainly will be in the running for this award in the future. Goo, goo, g'joob . . .
Of course there's always Nicholas Sparks. His new title The Best Of Me (9780446547659) 25.99 will be available on October 11. Nicholas, who has been compared to Ernest Hemingway, mostly by himself, would have been just as deserving of this award, too.
Bill O'Reilly, who I have always admired, has recently released a new blockbuster called Killing Lincoln (9780805093070) 28.00. Mr. O'Reilly has been a longtime conspiracy theorist and his eye opening take on Lincoln's assassination has been long overdue. Et tu, Mary Todd?
And how about Neal Stephenson? He could write a thousand-page book on what he had for dinner last night. Reamde (9780061977961) 35.00, his latest doorstop, has been getting the kind of reviews that would make Jonathan Franzen envious. Neal, I'm still working on it, so don't 'ream me.' Ha, ha!
And, I would be remiss if I didn't mention Thomas Pynchon. Sorry Tom, you've become the Susan Lucci of the Nobel Prize. (I'm trying to make this sound like I'm speaking off the cuff.) Oh, and I almost forgot my fellow Michigander Jeffrey Eugenides, who should have won this award a long time ago. His new one The Marriage Plot (9780374203054) 28.00 is on-sale next Tuesday. He is the writer's writer. (I try to start the Brown chant from Lisa Simpson's nightmare.) Brown! Brown! Brown!
Secondly, I would like to thank the Swedish Academy. You have great taste. If I hadn't won this year, I would have thought that there was some kind of conspiracy against me. Ha, ha!
Odds & Sods
Hey, hey, hey . . . heeey, Halloween is right around the corner and Partners is offering the deal of a lifetime. We are featuring a selection of our Michigan, Illinois, and Indiana titles for our '2011 Halloween Special.' If you order a minimum of 25 assorted books from this flyer, you will receive free freight and a 43% discount. You should be getting this in the mail, if not, we can e-mail or fax you the list. Ooooo, dat's scary . . .
I am officially a member of the 'Boring Book Club.' I attended my first meeting this past Sunday. I never realized that there were at least four other people in the world who enjoyed dry-as-kindling non-fiction like Charles Morris' The Tycoons (9780805081343) 18.00. I am giddy . . .When it comes to hating Israel, the academic Left can spew out the anti-semitic vitriol better than most Ku Klux Klan-ers. After all, their brand of Jew-baiting is couched in progressive palaver, that noisome NewSpeak that allows educated elitists to demonize entire human populations with impunity.
Progressive posturing centers on saving the world through the perverted precepts of social justice jingoism. The progressive punchline claims to speak for the world’s downtrodden. In America, the downtrodden come pre-packaged in the form of gender, racial, ethnic, and sexual orientation samplings. But it is in the global extension of Western progressivism where the ultimate agenda of Left-wing ideology comes into full play. In the US, the progressive hate hawkers simper over women, gays, and minorities. But beyond the shores of civilization, the liberal penchant for their homegrown stock in trade victimettes transforms itself into sheer indifference.
And proof of this academic indifference to the very real plight of women, gays, and lesbians in the Muslim Middle East has been garnered by a rogue member of the academic establishment itself. In response to a 2009 petition that was circulated by David Lloyd, Professor of English at the University of California condemning Israel for ‘crimes against humanity’, Fred Gottheil, Professor of Economics at the University of Illinois, decided to test the academic community’s supposed commitment to genuine social justice in the Middle East.
Over 900 academicians had signed Lloyd’s condemnation of Israel. So Professor Gottheil decided to contact these conscientious faculty members and ask them to sign a Statement of Concern over the treatment of women, gays, and lesbians within Muslim societies..
Professor Gottheil’s Statement of Concern included detailed reports from various United Nations’ agencies outlining the systematic support for and practice of brutality against women and gays, including honor killings, wife beatings, and female genital mutilations.
The results? Only 27 out of the 675 academic elites who were contacted were willing to sign the Statement of Concern. Less that 5%. In other words, 648 (95%) of the campus faculty who signed the petition condemning Israel for human rights violations didn’t care a flying frick about the fate of women and gays in Muslim controlled societies.
But what is even more disturbing is that 169 (25%) of these academicians were faculty members associated with women’s studies programs. Only 5 of these academicians were willing to sign the Statement of Concern.
Professor Gottheil has come to the conclusion that “the academic Leftists are caught in a discriminatory trap of their own making”. In accounting for this deadly double standard, the Professor had this to add:
Some on the Left identify Israel with the US and that’s damning enough. Others, I think, see themselves as championing the cause of third-world people and, in this kind of mind-set, see Israel as white and successful, a deadly combination. There are some leftists — Marxists, mostly — who claim to oppose any form of nationalism and therefore regard Jews who are Zionist as enemy. Incidentally, these same leftists don’t seem to get too upset with African-style nationalism or even Arab-style nationalism. It’s just Jewish nationalism that gets their goat. Interesting, isn’t it? And we can’t discount the gorilla in the living room: plain old Anti-Semitism.
And if you think that the Left’s indifference to violence against women, gays, and lesbians perpetrated by Muslims will only be reserved for those atrocities that occur Over There….Think again, comrade, think
Of course, we’ll be counting on everyone here to reply to this request.
TLC,
I am so enjoying your blog! I am a newly converted liberal, and I am straight. This is so disturbing. I read parts of your article to my husband and he was not surprised at the percentages, I was! To true, the bias is appalling.
Thanks again,
Mary P.
Thanks, Mary. Sad, isn’t it, that ‘higher’ education has descended to this level. Time to hold these folks accountable.
It is exactly this type of relevant and well presented reporting that makes your blog site so important. I don’t recall reading or hearing about Professor Gottheil’s “Statement of Concern…”in any other venue. To anyone with an open mind, the hypocrisy and bias of the academic community is appalling.
What makes me angry is all these so-called women’s studies faculty members who no more support women around the globe than bin Laden does....]
NSX API, Automation and Unicorns
VMworld 2017 EMEA is already finished for some time, but I wanted to take a moment to thank the vBrownbag team for the opportunity to present a 12 minutes session on NSX API, Automation and Unicorns. Although the format is quite short, it was a great and rewarding experience! For the little … [Read more...]FOOLING AROUND WITH CINDERELLA (Storybook Valley 1)
By Stacy Juba
“Fooling Around With Cinderella is a wonderful and exciting start to what promises to be the first in the Storybook Valley series.”
The story follows Jaine Andersen, an overworked, loyal and yet undervalued heroine, who is taken advantage by her sisters. Jaine is in desperate need of a change as she has been laid off from her job in a medical centre and applies for a marketing role at the local amusement park where she used to visit as a girl. Jaine manages to convince the general manager, Dylan Callahan, with her great ideas for the amusement park and Dylan offers Jaine a marketing position in November, when the park closes for the season, but in the meantime he manages to charm her into filling Cinderella’s glass slippers for the summer.
I admire the way Juba takes on a classical fairytale and shapes it to a modern-day narrative. Overall the story and its charm are still in tack, it is just wrapped differently.
My Ranking: 4 Stars$325 Provided to Each Original Shareholder Aged 65 Years and Over. has distributed two dividends each calendar year since 2014. The spring dividend is based on Shareholders’ Equity for the prior three years. The fall dividend is from the Akilista investment portfolio, which made its first distribution in 2014. This is an investment account created to provide a perpetual source of dividends not reliant on business operations. The Elders’ Benefit Program made its first distribution in 2008.This slideshow requires JavaScript.
The goal of this project was to create a shopping bag for a business. I created the small business “Sparrow”, a store that sells handmade furniture and decor for the home. The idea behind this was decorating your “nest”. I made the r’s in the word “Sparrow” to be two little sparrow heads facing each other, then encircled all the text with a nest-like border. Everything is hand-drawn.Zoe Saldana and Marco Perego expecting first child. (Photo by John Shearer/Invision for MBS Media Campus/AP Images)
Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego are expecting.
The “Guardians of the Galaxy” actress is pregnant with the couple’s first child, her publicist confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter on Wednesday.
SEE ALSO: 13 Empowering quotes by Zoe Saldana
Saldana’s publicist did not reveal details about Zoe’s due date, although a source told US Weekly that the actress is about three-months pregnant.
“Zoe is about three months pregnant,” the insider told Us Weekly of the Guardians of the Galaxy actress, 36. “But she will only announce the news when she’s ready.”
Saldana and Perego, who got married in England last summer, have yet to comment on the baby news.
The 36-year-old actress recently hit the red carpet to promote her new film and show off her slight baby bump.
The actress has been open about her desire to start a family.
‘Guardians of the Galaxy’ star Zoe Saldana is pregnant.(Photo: Giphy.com)
“I’m Latinwe start young, honey!” Saldana admitted on the now-canceled Lifetime series The Conversation With Amanda de Cadenet in April 2012. “At 22 you’re like, ‘I just wanna hold something!’ You want a little critter.”
Saldana also said she hopes for .”
SEE ALSO: Zoe Saldana knows a thing or two about loveBlatherParanoid? How am I paranoid?Tue Nov 8, 2016 5:28pm166.182.3.169This might have its root in understanding how Babylon's survival is threatened by Mossad penetration into every power position in the Federal Government. But I am of sound mind. Labeling me a paranoid is a usual ploy. If this concept is such a surprising first time for you, maybe you might want to take time to study the "paranoid" concept. Certainly, the documents show just how freaked out Ben Gurian was, and the adamant May, 1963 Kennedy letter to him resulted in Ben Gurian resigning as prime minister. JFK was the cause for that. With LBJ installed the entire tenor turned 180 degrees regarding inspecting Dimona. The many documents indicate France provided much of the technology for the Ustaeli test. At the same time Israel was involved with China's efforts at obtaining the bomb. China tested a bomb in 1964 I believe. That bomb was said to have been an Israeli test in which the Chinese participated. But the official Israeli test was in 78 or 79. I don't make this up. Documents back up the assertions. The mob was not Italian controlled. The top leadership was Jewish. Las Vegas was their headquarter. Indeed, during those heady years, Las Vegas was the largest CIA station in the world outside of Langley. Gee, I wonder why.
- Truth may be stranger than fiction, but paranoid ravings are DFM, Tue Nov 8 12:26pmstranger than EITHER. This is the biggest pile of doggy-doo I have ever read from you. You really need to do something about your paranoid delusions. DFM
- Paranoid? How am I paranoid? Blather, Tue Nov 8 5:28pm
- I do not make up this history Blather, Tue Nov 8 5:02pmI spent two days boning up on this topic. Piper is dead and therefore you can't speak with him. But his book on matter is available.
- You glue together things which have nothing to do with each DFM, Tue Nov 8 7:16pmother and call it a "theory". It is not a "theory", it is a delusion . DFM
- I posted not one comment that is untrue. They are linear. Blather, Tue Nov 8 8:13pm
- I have never seen or even heard shadow, Tue Nov 8 1:06pmof the kind of stuff we find here. And I agree with you completely. Even 'paranoid ravings' sounds mild compared to the actual claims, imo.
- You should thank me. Blather, Tue Nov 8 6:47pmTruth belongs to those who seek it.
Religion and Ethics BBSLuca Bruno, ITIS Hensemberger Monza, Lissone, Italy
The classic Colpitts oscillator circuit in Figure 1 generates a clock signal with a fixed duty cycle. By replacing CMOS inverter gate IC1A with a voltage comparator (Figure 2), you can obtain a more versatile and more useful clock generator. You can set not only the oscillation frequency but also the duty cycle.
You must use the comparator in an inverting configuration, which introduces a 180° phase shift. That shift, along with an additional phase shift of 180° from the capacitor-input network, lets the circuit oscillate. The circuit compares the sine wave at the output of the capacitor-filter network with the reference voltage, which drives the output of the threshold comparator high and low.
The network sets the oscillation frequency as follows:
where fO is the oscillation frequency. With a suitable choice of the values of inductors and capacitors, the circuit can oscillate at frequencies as high as 10 MHz.
The output clock’s duty cycle depends on the reference voltage, which you can easily set through the voltage divider comprising R1 and R2. Unfortunately, the mathematical relationship between the reference voltage and the duty cycle is nonlinear because the sine wave at the output of the capacitor-input-filter network is not a linear function. Also, its amplitude is not constant but depends on the duty cycle of the output clock. You can easily obtain this mathematical relationship by testing the circuit with an inductance of 10 μH and a capacitance of 10 nF.
Table 1. Oscillator duty cycle based on reference voltage
You can use any high-speed comparator with rail-to-rail inputs and outputs, such as the MAX987 from Maxim, to achieve a wider input range for the reference voltage. That wider range gives you wider control of the duty cycle, although you can’t reach the minimum duty cycle of 0% or the maximum duty cycle of 100%.
The propagation delay, TPD, of the comparator introduces a further phase shift of value Δφ=2πfOTPD, where Δφ is the phase shift. The capacitor-input network compensates for the phase shift, slightly reducing the oscillation frequency. For safe operation of the circuit, you should vary the reference voltage by 0.5 to 4.5V. The duty cycle varies from approximately 15 to 85% (Table 1). You can produce a bipolar output signal if you use a dual power supply.
edn.com
Subscribe e-newsletter to stay informed on new materials of our website!
News on theme:Summer of Push Week 11 Roundup
Published on 3 Sep 2013
While Labor Day weekend had us busy planning for camping trips to the beach and outdoor backyard barbecues, our eleventh week of the Summer of Push hummed along with helpful mobile insights, tips and spotlights. To keep you updated during your summer fun, we’ve packaged up another weekly roundup featuring daily highlights. Does the holiday season already have you singing carols? We detailed the importance of planning ahead for the holiday boost of app downloads and user engagement. To understand the variance between email and push messaging, we explained when and how to use your customer communication tools and then highlighted ways to use push messaging to retarget email non-responders.
Monday Push vs Email Seamlessly integrating push messaging and email within your marketing campaigns is critical for success. But while we’ve found that email is useful to serve large doses of content that can be perused at your customer’s convenience, immediate calls-to-action are missed. Instead of email, learn how and when to use push to deliver urgent, action-oriented messages.
Tuesday Bet big with push As the largest and most successful bookie in the UK, Paddy Power keeps bets rolling in with Good Push practices. The bookmaker uses push messaging to engage mobile users with location segmentation, reclaim previously inactive gamers with high-touch contact and stay ahead of the competition with immediate action. The stakes are high—but Paddy Power is winning big.
Wednesday Holiday app craze While it can be hard to think about December in middle of August, in our four years of leading the charge in mobile messaging, we’ve learned that it’s critical to start thinking about the holiday ripple effect on app downloads now. In fact, Marketing Pilgrim recorded that last December 25th, there were 328 million app downloads, as compared to the monthly average of 155 million per day. Plan ahead and it will be a win-win for both your marketing team and customers.
Thursday Retarget with push With last-minute camping trips and excursions taking priority, our hiatus from laptops can cause a massive pile-up in our email inboxes. Even your most loyal customers who want to hear from you can miss valuable calls-to-action as message get buried further and hidden amongst email spam. Learn how to reengage potential purchasers by sending time-sensitive deals with targeted push notifications.
Friday By the numbers Smartphone use around the world isn’t just growing—it’s exploding. Check out our infographic that highlights the industry’s most jaw-dropping and newest stats that prove mobile engagement is more critical than ever.image: 2014AW Capsule Rain in Eclipse, photo by M. SILVESTER/ editorial by Oka HuiYun Lin
After viewing the post of Notjustalabel.com’s ‘Shirt’ selection, I believe we do have an inspiring category of shirt design even the quantity of our collections is not a large number.
There are several classic items favored by the designer Yojiro, particularly shirt and blazer. When I spread the words like “…as a lover of shirt, Yojiro…” it means most of the top that one may find in our closet are shirts, and unique shirts.
White classic shirt £270.00 – shop here at Notjustalabel.com
The first collection Yojiro Kake 2014SS RTW Footprint of Onda after 2013 graduation show Heartless Heart at Polimoda International Institute of Fashion Design & Marketing, the shirt item has been an essential element. There, a clean and simple white shirt with double collars detail, another design of shirt along with blazer is a sleeveless one in pale grey and blue/white checks with geometrical playful pattern.
Following up, asymmetric ideas are revealed in 2014AW Capsule Rain in Eclipse. The silhouettes of shirts are getting longer and floating challenging with various textiles, details and textures form a rich experience for the audience.
Long tail shirt £222.00 – shop here at Notjustalabel.com
2015SS RTW Be Clothed in Prepubescent is a point of slightly forwarding to street style from our fantasy. There are ‘casual’ daily-wear items, styling demonstrated by our dreamy thoughts though. Shirts in cotton – for sure, we do include that in this collection; in addition, in Nylon we also present them with proud. Through transparency of Nylon the techniques of sewing are exclusively taken care with hard work, meanwhile the designer has put a weight on the pattern making – apparently it is a task in some training camp.
Nylon white onda shirt £280.00 – shop here at Notjustalabel.com
More than a shirt, the designs of 2015AW Capsule Shadows have hit one more breathtaking peak. An ordinary shirt body in blue featuring with genuine collar and extra-long sleeves has dominated the desire of shirt lovers. As a playful artist like Yojiro, attaching partial elements as decoration is an usual topic between our discussion, here for example – a maxi shirt with various types of collars, sleeves and finishing is one of his favorite outfit said by himself.
The blue outfit and the silver shirt above have transformed an inspiration for 2016SS RTW Peace in Origami – one piece – Made in Peace, a tough goal to fulfill a collection by folding techniques with cutting only outlines. This collection has turned out to be a real practical clothing line for our label, not like the previous eye-catchers, we try to draw the attention down to patterns and details in limited colours.
Origami shirt £250.00 – shop here at Notjustalabel.com/ here at Vespoe.com
As we are developing the potential of origami shirts at this moment, the possibility of uni-sex design is also taken under consideration. We found it is stylish to see the shirt on guys while our intern Ryota from Polimoda was trying out the model.
Uni-sex origami shirt £250.00 – shop here at Notjustalabel.com/ here at Vespoe.com
Maxi origami shirt with printing £290.00 – shop here at Notjustalabel.com/ here at Vespoe.com
Such a lover of shirt like Yojiro, the developing process of a timeless item is only a pleasure. Soon for the coming season, ‘folding’ concept is going to be remained and evolved further more, there we will share a fresh viewpoint for your 2016AW which would be presented at Capsule Paris on March.
by Oka HuiYun Lin Director of label YOJIRO KAKEPizza now a Vegetable?
Congress has voted Pizza as having enough tomato sauce to qualify as a vegetable. This law was passed with the intention of helping create a more healthy diet for schoolchildren. Because school lunch options offered little nutritional value and were devoid of fruits & vegetables, this controversial bill was passed to help prevent obesity in America. I’m not a nutritionist but this seems a bit far fetched, although a delicious food option nonetheless.Dispassionate debate
- sundar kunwar
January 16
Summit chairman Donald Tusk said 40,000 would be relocated to other EU states over the next two years.However, there will be no mandatory quotas for each country.The Greek debt crisis was also on the summit's agenda. Greece and its nternational creditors remain deadlocked after talks on Thursday.Earlier, Mr Tusk called on EU member states to share the burden of the boat loads of illegal migrants who have crossed the Mediterranean.…mbta train schedulesolid wood corner bench nookchairs plans
boston mbta bicentennial token
mbta commuter rail to lawrence from boston
wooden railway mbta boston toy
mbta zone map
boston mbta token history
moped on the train boston mbta
mbta pret test exam
mbta commuter rail statistics
mbta bus mechanic
granite links golf club quincy ma mbta directions
mbta commuter rail zone map
mbta railroad gardner maFive months ago, she wrote on her Facebook wall, “Life is beautiful, how many see it thus? Full of energy and opportunities,”… Maybe that was what defined Efemena Orevaoghene Benedicta in some ways. She was beautiful in every sense of the word, charming and so full of life. Her energy and enthusiasm was so contagious and she unlocked opportunities, with her gift and effervescent personality. Oreva was simply an amazing woman.
I can’t exactly remember my first meeting with Oreva. But I can certainly recollect the impression. She was one with a special gift and exuding so much passion for life. I remember the joy of her laughter, the way she relishes her every infectious and heavenly smile. I remember the way she bobs her hair and turns her head… “It’s a like a dream. And we are moving through the motions. Oreva has acted her script and has exited the stage of life,” wrote Fome, her elder sister on her Facebook wall. She’s not alone. Someone please wake us all up.
I remember one of my many performances in WLCF. This one was special for many reasons. One, it was one of my very outstanding acts, two, it was so full of energy, inspiration and impact. Three, it had Oreva, along with Ivie Onakpoya,. They were the major reason for the other two. I needed backup vocals for a gospel rap I was to perform that Sunday and couldn’t find one then. So I called up Oreva. Despite the short notice, she made out time from her studies, minstrels schedules etc to rehearse the chorus with me. The rehearsal was brief, because I was dealing with a pro. She walked, talked and lived music. When we did the song, the finesse, skill and richness of Oreva’s (and Ivie’s) voice doing the chorus came through like Alicia Keys on Jay Z’s Empire State of Mind. Only that this was a God State of Mind. Oreva was the cream. Ivie was the sugar. Both combined to make that gospel rap performance a hit that many asked me later who did the original. Funny, that was the original. Oreva and co were simply divine and original on those chorus lines. Oreva was special. Like she always was in every other performance. In every ministration. In every song. In life.
It’s all coming back to me now. I don’t have the tape anymore, but it plays vividly in my memory now. All I can hear now is Oreva’s silky hooks, dynamics, lines and vocals. I called her our own Lauryn Hill and she would laugh (Alicia Keys wasn’t really famous then). After that performance, I listened to the recording many times on end, beyond my rap verses, to hear the richness of her silky, beautiful chorus lines. … “I know I can. Be what I wanna be. Do what I gotta do. Go where I wanna go….” Dear Lord. She’s gone now. Oh, the wonderful memories…
Oreva was gifted. She was amazing. She was truly special. The way she sings. The way she shed tears of reverence in the throes of leading undiluted, unbridled worship to God the King at ATSCAN Hall and many others across the nation. The way she danced, bobbed her hair, turned her head, totally enveloped in Heavenly praises. The way she literally lifted people with her energy, finesse, skill, passion and power while leading praises, singing with the WLCF Minstrels or doing a solo…
Ah Oreva! You could have given a cue.
On Peak Talent Show audition, where she sang Asa’s Jailer, that was Oreva at the least of her vocal prowess. She was one of the most gifted and passionate female vocalists I ever knew. Maybe her unexpected exit is a wakeup call to those others whom God has so blessed with such amazing gifts to rise up to the calling and music of the Kingdom. It was all that mattered for Oreva. She was consistent, focused, independent, so much passion for God, her calling and ministry, passionate about life and people. Passionate about making things happen. Despite not being an official member, I remember when she joined Publication Team on one or two Sundays, just to help ‘market’ WLCF bulletin… she just wanted to be involved, to contribute her quota to Kingdom cause. As programmes director, I remember how she just literally wanted to make things happen. She loved taking chances, seizing opportunities with both hands, trying new dynamics; she desired much for herself, as well as for others….
It’s a call for us to live better lives; lives that God and Heaven would be proud of, every inch of the way, every moment of our stay here on earth.
Oreva. You embodied excellence for God’s Kingdom. I wished I had kept in touch and let you know that I felt so excited and proud of you when I read your interview piece in the Punch newspapers. I wished I had called to let you know that your performance on Peak Talent Show was awesome and that you could certainly do much better. I only told you on Facebook. I hope you read my post and saw that I was proud of you, and how consistent you were with using your God-given talent to reach out and bless people.
I screamed in delight when I saw your interview in the Punch and watched you on Peak Talent Show audition. Now it all feels so numb. So many questions. But who are we, mere mortals, to question the I Am That I Am. Who are we to question His Omniscience? God knows best why He had to let you go now when we thought you had finally come to lay your rightful claim to the music stage for Him.
Ah Oreva! Gone too soon. But, yes you are Oreva4ever, for the melody of your beautiful but painfully short life would forever play in many hearts. From Delta, Ekiti to Lagos and beyond; in the lives of those you touched and influenced with the sound of your music, your gift and personality. God, who loves you more, knows why He let you go at this time of your life, just when you were poised for more impact. If there is any solace in this, it is that another glorious angelic voice has departed to join Heaven’s chorus.
“Sweetheart, you ran with all God placed in you. You exuded so much life! May the Lord comfort your family and friends. It's so hard to believe. May your soul rest in peace even as the Lord says to you well done, thou good and faithful servant. Longevity has its place but when you impact lives the way you did, we can berest assured knowing you are happy in heaven. Keep being an awesome minstrel. Much luv Oreva,” wrote Alero on your Facebook wall. I would like you to know that your name is beautifully engraved on the walls in the chapel of the cathedral of many hearts.
Oreva. For the impact you made. We will always remember.Yours was a celebration of life!
Oreva4ever. It doesn’t matter how you died. All that matters was how you lived. Rich. Full. Special. For God. For humanity.
Rest in peace. And may the Lord comfort your family and friends..
St Austell Brewery
St Austell Brewery was founded in 1851 and still today remains independent and family run. The brewery is home to an interactive museum within the Visitors Centre which tells the tale of its pubs, beers, wines and spirits plus information on the Cornish families who created the beverages over the years...
Wingz Bird and Animal Sanctuary
This outside sanctuary offers the opportunity to watch and study well cared for animals. The aim is to conserve rare birds from all around the world and educate people on them.
Have you visited Tretawn Farmhouse?
Click here to suggest a Great Thing you've done nearby ... Results follow Zanzibar’s Attack on Malaria
This is a pretty optimistic article on the advances of malaria prevention in sub-saharan africa. I found this article over at Cinchona.org.
This new site, still under construction, looks to be pretty cool. It came to my attention from Dr. Bledsoe, yes the same doctor who puts on the Expedition Medicine Conference, and who is pending publication of a new book on Expedition Medicine. Does this guy sleep?
More on the Cinchona project, once it gets officially up and running. The site can be viewed and is starting to come to life. I highly suggest taking a look over there for some interesting news on Expedition Medicine/Travel Health/Tactical Medicine/Etc…
Filed under: Outbreaks and Updates, Travel Health, Websites, Wilderness | Tagged: africa, cinchona, malaria, malaria prevention, Wilderness, zanzibar |Unsigned Only
Unsigned Only is a unique new international music competition designed for solo artists, bands, and singers who unpolished – the diamond in the rough that needs to be discovered. Unsigned Only is looking for the total package.
Yes, the competition: AAA (Adult Album Alternative; AC (Adult Contemporary); Christian; Country; Folk/Singer–Songwriter; R&B/Hip–Hop; Rock; Pop/Top 40; and Vocal Performance..
Judges include: Cyndi Lauper; Kenny Rogers; Angie Stone; 3 Doors Down; Jeremy Camp; Charlie Daniels; Manchester Orchestra; Craig Morgan; Robert Smith (The Cure); Kelly Clarkson; Musiq Soulchild; Aaron Shust; Steve Lillywhite (Producer); G. Love; Matt and Kim; St. Vincent; The Mountain Goats; Josh Jackson (Co–Founder and Editor–In–Chief, Paste Magazine); and Scott Lapatine (Founder/Editor–In–Chief, Stereogum).
Mentors include a group of high–profile record company executives, including Monte Lipman (President of Universal Republic); Pete Ganbarg (Executive VP/Head of A&R, Atlantic Records); Jason Geter (President, Grand Hustle Records); David Wolter (Senior VP of A&R, RCA Records); Josh Bailey (Sr. VP of A&R, Word Label Group);); and Jason McArthur (VP A&R, Provident Label Group).CUPERTINO, Calif., Sept. 23 (UPI) -- Apple made a big announcement on Monday.
The company said 10 million iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices were sold in the first weekend.
When the company launched the iPhone 5s and 5c last year 9 million phones were sold in the first weekend.
The sales of the two devices mark a record for Apple. The 10 million mark is also higher than what technology analysts had forecasted. They thought the company would sell 6.5 million phones the first weekend.
Apple CEO Tim Cook said, "Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch weekend, and we couldn't be happier."
Cook also said that supplies were short and many more iPhones could have been sold if the stores had more inventory. He also added that the company is working to fill orders as quickly as possible.
Many customers who pre-ordered their iPhones are facing shipping dates into November -- especially for the iPhone 6 Plus.
Apple did not break down the number of iPhone 6 devices sold versus the iPhone 6 Plus.Putting even more of the wow-factor into an already fabulous break, the resort entices guests with bright and airy rooms facing onto great views of the ocean or tropical gardens. There's an excellent array of leisure facilities and a warm Mauritian welcome from staff who are happy to help and advise, ensuring you get the best from your well-earned vacation!.
Ideal for up to 3 people, these 38 square metre rooms offer charming views from the private balcony or terrace.
Lovely views of the beach and lagoon can be enjoyed from these rooms offering 32 square metres of living space.
Generous and tastefully decorated in warm and neutral hues, views of the garden and the ocean can be enjoyed by a private terrace scented by bougainvillea.
Relax with a feast for the senses here at the delightful Veranda Paul et Virginie Resort. A global mix of exceptional cuisine is served in a number of venues. From quiet and intimate as the preferred setting to lively and at the heart of the action, memories are made at this Mauritian gem.
Saint Geran Restaurant
Exquisite seafood served right beside the beach; what could be better!
Ile de France
An elegant restaurant this is perfectly poised between the ocean and the pools serving a fantastic array of International Specialties and local Mauritian cuisine.
Poudre d'Or Bar
Enjoy sundowners or a favourite tipple throughout the day at this casual and lively venue.Last updated on September 30th, 2017
If you are of a certain age, you may remember that cigarettes were once advertised on television. The Marlboro man puffed away to the macho theme song from “The Magnificent Seven”. He was magnificent to behold and smoking was sexy, popular and an accepted method of relaxation. Kools were cool, and Tareyton fans “would rather fight than switch”. They even sported a black eye.
Today, smoking is not cool. Cigarette-related illnesses kill more people in America than alcohol, suicide, car accidents, homicide and illegal drugs combined. There are over 4000 carcinogens in a single Marlboro cigarette including tar and carbon-monoxide. A few of those ingredients have been shown to lower sperm count levels.
The Marlboro man may have been macho, but there’s a good chance that he was fertility compromised as well. It’s common knowledge that cigarettes are addictive. That’s because they contain nicotine. Nicotine is harmless by itself, but it’s what makes cigarettes so addicting.
Your activity programming is also a factor. You know, you finish a meal, you have a cigarette; your Mom calls on the phone, you light up a smoke. That’s body/mind programming that’s also hard to change.
The old Tareyton slogan, “I’d rather fight than switch” can be modified today to read “I’d rather fight than quit”. I say that because there are great alternatives to smoking tobacco cigarettes that give die-hard smokers a fighting chance to improve their health and clean up their nasty act.
Hello Electronic Cigarettes
Electronic cigarettes, (or e-cigarettes) were invented in China where nearly three-quarters of adult men smoke. E cigarettes have, over the past 15 years, made their way to the western world. Popularity is growing at an exponential rate as people everywhere discover how easy it is to “switch” from tobacco cigarettes to the non-toxic, highly satisfying electric ones.
Imagine vaping a safe cigarette that allows you to still inhale a smoke-like vapor while giving you your nicotine buzz. There are several styles of e-cigarettes but they all work on the same principle – instead of burning tobacco smoke, you inhale flavored water vapor mixed with a solution that contains flavor and nicotine.
You can choose your flavor and you can choose the level of nicotine you wish to inhale. Beside tobacco flavor, there’s menthol, chocolate, vanilla, apple and the list goes on.
Nicotine levels range from super high as in unfiltered cigarettes, all the way down to Zero! If you want to wean yourself off the smoking habit you can start at a higher level of nicotine and work your way down to no nicotine. Then all you have to work on is that body/mind programming stuff.
Not all e-cigarettes are alike and neither are the distributors. Most are sold on-line. Reputable companies like Vaporfi and V2 cigs will tell you that their products have been tested for safety and they’ll offer you a 30-day warranty.
Some companies have defective products and many are impossible to deal with when it comes to customer service. I know this because I’ve been testing out various e-cigarettes from many different electronic cigarette companies for years, in an effort to find those that deliver on all counts.
I also think it’s important to look for a supplier whose website is attractive, highly professional, easy to navigate.
With E-cigarettes you can smoke almost everywhere!
Because E-cigarette smokers “vape” rather than smoke. It’s possible to smoke in no-smoking zones such as airports, restaurants, in your car and at home where the air stays nice and clean. Since there’s no smoke produced, there’s no fear of offending anyone and there’s no hand carcinogens in the air. There are also other advantages such as cleaner clothing, hair, furniture and you are no longer a fire hazard to your family.
You'll also be surprised to find more money in the bank at the end of the year. (yes, it is highly cost effective). People who have started vaping love it. Some have cut way down on tobacco cigarettes and some have given them up entirely in favor of e-cigarettes. There are thousands of testimonials out there from happy e-cigarette smokers. Most will tell you how much better they feel, how much more energy they have and how they’ve saved a bundle buying e-cig cartridges instead of packs of regular smokes.
So, If you’d rather fight than switch, check out some of the best companies like VaporFi, or V2 Cigs and get yourself a starter kit.
If you’re interested in learning more about electronic cigarettes including some additional information about what’s on the market, be sure to check out Cloud Nine's excellent articles. Need to compare prices and details of the most popular e-cigarette brands? Check out our comprehensive Best Selling Electronic Cigarette Comparison Chart.
Thanks for the visit. Please feel free to leave a legitimate comment below. I am happy to answer any questions.
Very GOOOD !
Happy to looking !
Wow very amazing post about smoking. Informative, Thanks for comment.
Wow very amazing post about smoking. Informative, Thanks for sharing.HPR Graphics In Stock Brand New Product Label Designs
HPR Graphics
HPR Graphics is busy putting the finishing touches on their brand new prop product label line. Prop labels have come a long way and our designers are leading the change! It seems that every design they do gets better and better. It is important to our team that you, the customer, get the best looking product possible for the best price. We have a top notch design team and they are always looking for ways to make prop products not look like prop products. I think you will agree when you see these labels that they are really good looking labels. The attention to detail is unmatched. It is important to us that you feel confident in putting these labels on any product that you want to feature in your film, TV show, commercial or photo shoot, they are that good.
To see our full line along with many other great designs visit
Uruguay October. Chevrolet can overtake Volkswagen before Xmas Uruguayan Vehicles Market reported a new positive score in October, with sales up 15.8% following the impressive run performed so far this year. Over doubling sales, Chevrolet is reducing the gap to the leader, Volkswagen, and could take the lead before Xmas. November 15, 2017Exclusive JV between CG and IFA Hotel Investments to build YOTEL branded hotels in Saudi Arabia
Jeddah, 02 September 2013: Capitas Group International (CGI) today announced the signing of an exclusive Joint Venture Agreement with IFA, a specialized international hospitality brand headquartered in the UK, targeting the development of YOTEL branded hotels across the Kingdom. YOTEL hotels currently operate within Heathrow and Gatwick airports, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and in New York’s Times Square..
YO! Founder, Simon Woodroffe OBE and YOTEL CEO Gerard Greene conceived the innovative YOTEL cabins to provide uncompromising luxury within a smaller footprint than traditional five-star hotels. Joe Sita, CEO of IFA Hotel Investments, remarked, “We are very pleased to have formalized this relationship with Capitas Group International.” Commenting on the Agreement, Naveed Siddiqui, CEO of Capitas Group International, said, “This is an exciting opportunity for CGI to bring an innovative and unique, world-class hospitality brand to the Kingdom.” Tariq Hameed, Managing Director of CGI’s Development Management Service, added, “CGI committed to developing the hospitality sector in the Kingdom. As we assist clients in their own projects, we also look forward to bringing this attractive and unique product to investors and land owners across the Kingdom.”
Looking for the perfect vacation rental for your Amman getaway? Tripping.com’s got your trip covered. Whether you’re seeking a villa, cabin or cottage, Amman offers 63 affordable homes to choose from, offering far more amenities, space and convenience than the average hotel room. Select from 42.” Ammanman where the top providers in that area are Agoda, Booking.com, and TripAdvisor. There are 29 Agoda rentals, 28 Booking.com short term rentals and 4 TripAdvisor vacation rentals.The Seventh Commandment"You shall not steal."The seventh commandment forbids unjustly taking or keeping the goods of one's neighbor and wronging him in any way with respect to his goods.
"You shall not steal.[185]
The seventh commandment forbids unjustly taking or keeping the goods of one's neighbor and wronging him in any way with respect to his goods."
(185. Ex 20:15; Deut 5:19; Mt 19:18.)
Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger, Catechism of the Catholic Church, U.S.C.C. Inc., 1994, p. 544-5.
Were God's 10 Commandments abolished in the New Testament? Or does the New Testament continue to teach and uphold all 10 Commandments?
."
Web (January 3, 2014
Our Most Blessed Father Pope Benedict V ran away to Constantinople with the entire money chest of St Peter's after ravishing a young lass. His death came at the hands of an irate husband who stabbed him repeatedly, and the crowd then dragged the lifeless body through the streets before tossing it into a cess-pool.
These false prophets, though blessed with bountiful erotic pleasures and dictatorial plenitude of power, had their downside. The papacy was a high-risk devilish deathtrap. Many met ungodly deaths: some had their throats cut, others throttled in prison, poisoned during sumptuous meals, bludgeoned while still locked in coitus, or just stabbed to death in the midst of pulling out their phallus.
"Without question, these pontiffs constitute the most despicable body of leaders, clerical or lay, in history. They were, frankly, barbarians. Ancient Rome had noting to rival them in rottenness."
All crimes committed by pandits, monks, rabbis, and imams of all other religious institutions over the last two thousand years do not make even one per cent of accumulated papal sin.
Pope Leo X was a lavish spender and required a prodigious sum of money. The sin tax levied on thousands of registered prostitutes wasn't enough. He increased income by boosting the sale of indulgences, especially cardinal hats. He struck gold in one brainstorming session — rescuing suffering souls in purgatory hell. For a fee, of course. Does the name Johann Tetzel ring a bell?
His Holiness John XII gambled away pilgrims' offerings during the day and paid for the sexual services of high-class ladies during the night by disposing the golden chalices from St Peter's.
When this Vicar of Satan finally died the treasury, which was empty when he took over, was overflowing. The hoard shocked even the affluent Florentine bankers. They counted 25 million gold florins, and there was an equivalent amount in gems and precious objects. Never had anyone seen so much."The real heresy of John XXII, Christ's vicar and successor of St Peter, was that he burned the poorest of Christ's poor and died the richest man in the world."
Pope Gregory XII's first papal act, at the age of ninety," was to pawn his tiara for six thousand florins to pay his gambling debts."
Pope Boniface VII just fled with the Church treasury to Constantinople, and never came back.
Gregory is one of the"good Popes"Who, though less in number, are offered as an offset to the"bad Popes," and it is material to understand that, like his saintly colleagues, he did not use his power and virtue to promote civilization. He was a Benedictine monk of ascetic life and infinite credulity (see his Magna Moralia and Dialogues), yet a shrewd business man. He expected the speedy end of the world, which was not conducive to efforts to reform the appalling social order - the entire civilized world was then at the lowest level it had touched since the beginning of history - and the large landholders whom he persuaded of this left their estates and slaves (then almost the only form of wealth) to the Papacy. It became the richest owner of land (from 1,400 to 1,800 square miles) and slaves in Europe, and is estimated to have reached an income of about a400,000 a year (or five times that sum in modern values). He maintained in full the institution of slavery, which St. Augustine had found just, and the few cases in which Catholic writers quote him rejoicing over the manumission of slaves (not his own) are cases of men who had inherited money and promised to leave it to the Church."
Adrian VI singled out John XXII as a apostate of peculiar proportions. On August 7, 1316, in Lyons, the new pontiff named himself John XXII and"This fragile little monster was to last for eighteen tempestuous years more."A financial genius, he theorized that what a pope can give a pope can sell. And he marketed everything a creative Frenchman could think of. Forgiveness for every crime, no matter how heinous, had a price. Catholics could pay their way out of murder, incest, sodomy and a long list of offenses. The more Catholics transgressed, the richer his Holiness became.
Pope Francis Pope Francis promises indulgence to Rio youth pilgrims
"Pilgrims attending a Roman Catholic youth festival with Pope Francis in Brazil later this month can be forgiven their sins, the Vatican says.
Those wishing to benefit from the"Indulgence"could simply follow the papal visit on TV or radio if they show penitence and contrition, it adds.
The festival in Brazil, from 23 to 28 July, will be Pope Francis's first major foreign trip.
Brazil has the world's largest Roman Catholic population.
A similar pardon was granted by his predecessor, Pope Benedict XVI, on the previous World Youth Day festival, in Madrid two years ago."
'ncient tradition'
The Sacred Apostolic Penitentiary, the Vatican body dealing with forgiveness of sins, said that festival-goers would first have to confess, go to mass and be"truly penitent and contrite"In order to benefit from the indulgence.
It would also apply to those following"rites and pious exercises"on television, radio and social media as long as prayers were practised with"requisite devotion", the Vatican said.
A woman rests against a wall as she listens to a radio announcement of the new Pope aired inside the Cathedral in Rio de Janeiro
It is an ancient tradition in the Catholic Church to grant indulgences, the BBC's David Willey reports from Rome.
Traditionally, they have guaranteed pilgrims time off from purgatory under certain conditions.
And it was the sale of papal indulgences that infuriated those rebelling against some Church practices at the time of the Protestant Reformation in the 16th Century, our correspondent says.
In Brazil, considered the world's largest Roman Catholic country, the Church has been losing ground to evangelical sects in recent decades.
However, hundreds of thousands of young people are expected in Rio de Janeiro to meet Pope Francis, who arrives in Brazil on 22 July.
During his stay, expected to last a week, the Pope is expected to celebrate Mass on Rio's famous Copacabana beach"
BBC 9 July 2013
A Treasury of Royal Scandals: The Shocking True Stories History's Wickedest, Weirdest, Most Wanton Kings, Queens, Tsars, Popes, and Emperors
Michael Farquhar, Penguin Books; (10) edition (May 1, 2001)
Part VII - When In Rome
"A Son Should Love His Mother, But ..."
Claudius's porcine successor, Nero, had a series of singularly unpleasant experiences with women. This may have had something to do with the fact that he was a feral, sadistic, sexually depraved lunatic—even if he never actually fiddled while Rome burned. Still, you would think he might have found some respect and affection in his heart for Agrippina the Younger, if not because she gave him life from her loins, then because she arranged the murder of his predecessor to make him Caesar.
But Agrippina crossed the line. She was his mom but she also reportedly became his lover, and, in that dual role, she developed into something of a nag. Nero did not take nagging well. According to Suetonius, Nero deprived his mother-lover of all honors and power before booting her out of the palace. After she moved, he sent people to her house to torment her with lawsuits and scream insults into her windows.
Then he set out to kill her.
Three times he tried poison, but she always seemed to have the antidote. He rigged her bedroom ceiling so it would collapse while she was sleeping, but someone warned her in advance. One time he had a boat sabotaged so it would fall to pieces and sink while Agrippina was sailing on it. Sure this plan would work, Nero happily accompanied his unsuspecting mother down the gangplank —kissing her breasts as she stepped aboard. She swam away from the wreck. Finally, he had her stabbed to death and exulted over her corpse.
Nero's other relationships fared no better than the one with mom. He tried strangling his first wife, Octavia, on several occasions because she bored him. Finally he simply divorced her and later had her executed. Twelve days after the divorce he married Poppaea Salina, the wealthy wife of a Roman knight whom Nero had to kill to make room for himself. Though he doted on her, Poppaea also proved to be a pest. When she had the temerity to complain when he returned home late from the races, the emperor kicked her to death. She was pregnant. Considering his track record, Claudius's daughter Antonia refused an invitation to become the next Mrs. Nero. She was charged with attempted rebellion and summarily executed.
Women! Who needed them anyway, especially when young men could fill the void quite nicely. Nero at one point had an adolescent boy castrated so he could take him as his wife. There was a wedding ceremony, complete with dowry and bridal veil. Then the emperor began squiring the unfortunate lad around Rome in the late empress's clothes. Both men and women were lucky enough to participate in a novel game Nero invented. According to the rules, the frisky emperor would dress up in the skin of a wild animal and pace around in his cage. When the cage door was opened, he would bound out, run up to his playmates, who were tied up to stakes, and attack their private parts.
Eventually, even Rome's notoriously licentious citizenry had enough of Nero's nonsense. He was hounded into suicide. Savage and nutty as he was, though, this emperor deserves a little credit. He did banish all mimes from R.
It seems to me that the church in Florida has more than a public relations problem. It has a corruption problem within its ranks. When clergy are no longer trusted with the flock's money or its children, the church as an institution is in grave danger."
Joseph H. Saunders, Attorney at Law
Stealing from God
"A new study indicates that theft of church funds is shockingly common. The problem is too much trust creating opportunities for temptation and sin
By Joe Burris
sun staff
Originally published January 21, 2007
The.
Entitled Internal Financial Controls in the U.S. Catholic Church, the report concluded that most Catholic dioceses leave themselves open to theft because they trust the same volunteers or employees to handle both assets and financial records.
The study adds that because churches have small accounting departments, their employees often have little supervision by a qualified financial manager."A fundamental tenet of internal accounting controls," says the report," is to keep the financial record-keeping duties separate from those individuals that have access to assets, especially cash."
And since external auditors focus on financial statements of the diocese, they have been less likely to detect theft at parishes.
"I was so taken aback; it had never occurred to me that there would be such embezzlement," said Charles Zech, director of the Villanova church finance research center and co-author of the study, which focused solely on the Roman Catholic Church. Zech said that of the 174 United States dioceses petitioned to participate in the study, 78 responded voluntarily, with most reporting incidents of theft.
"To my knowledge, with any denomination the underlying problem is the same - too trusting," said Zech."No one thinks that a minister or priest will embezzle. No one thinks a volunteer will embezzle."
But they will, as the Archdiocese Of Baltimore and other church organizations have discovered.
In June of 2004 Victor George Puotinen pleaded guilty to two counts of felony theft after stealing nearly $443,000 from the archdiocese and the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary. Puotinen worked for Archdiocesan Central Services before moving to the basilica, where he handled parish administrative services.
Two years ago, Janice C. McIntosh, then principal of Glen Burnie's Arthur Slade Regional Catholic School, pleaded guilty to taking more than $60,000 over a decade from the fundraisers and other accounts at the school.
The Catholic church isn't alone when it comes to embezzlement: Ellen Cooke, former treasurer for the Episcopal Church, stole $2.2 million from the church's Manhattan, N.Y., headquarters in 1995.
● Two years ago, Judith Lynn Anderson, business manager at First United Methodist Church of Waukesha, Wis., was sentenced to two years in prison for stealing $250,000 in church funds.
● Ron Durham, pastor of Abundant Life Church in Bangor, Maine, pleaded not guilty after being indicted on charges of stealing more than $100,000 in church funds two years ago.
● Robert David Keith, pastor of the Warren Hill Missionary Baptist Church in North Little Rock, Ark., was indicted by a grand jury on charges of stealing $11,000 from the church two years ago.
Churches"put too much faith and trust that people will do the right thing and don't believe they will do the common thing," said Zech, who added that churches that allow parishioners to handle money need to put safeguards in place without worrying about offending those workers.
"It's not that you don't trust them," he said," you must protect yourself." "
"Catholic church pilfering prolific
Report: Embezzlement reported by 85 percent of dioceses.
By Genevieve Marshall Of The Morning Call
Parishioners were shocked when longtime Bath Mayor Elizabeth Fields was charged in November with stealing $9,000 in Sunday collections fromSacred Heart Roman Catholic Church, where she served as secretary.
But a recent study by two Pennsylvania researchers has found that 85 percent of U.S. Roman Catholic dioceses that responded to a surveyreported an embezzlement within the past five years.
Of the 78 dioceses that reported their financial information to Charles Zech and Robert West, 11 percent said they had been embezzled out ofmore De Sales." "
Scathing U.N. report demands Vatican act against child sex abuse
BY STEPHANIE NEBEHAY AND PHILIP PULLELLA
GENEVA/VATICAN CITY Wed Feb 5, 2014 9:34am EST
(Reuters) – The United Nations demanded that the Vatican 'immediately remove' all clergy who are known or suspected child abusers and turn them over to civil authorities, in an unprecedented and scathing report on Wednesday.
The U.N.." Reuters, February 5, 2014
Sinead Oconner An Open Letter From Sinead O'Connor Regarding the Crimes and Coverup of the Catholic Church
Tuesday, 23 March 2010
A little known fact is that until 2001 there were explicit rules in place, issued by The Vatican, to every bishop in the world, on how to deal with allegations of abuse. These rules included a vow of the utmost secrecy under threat of excommunication, to be sworn by clergy receiving complaints and sworn by victims.
The document states these matters must be"restrained by perpetual silence." In 2001 then Cardinal Ratzinger, sent another set of instructions to every bishop in the world, stating that allegations were to be dealt with"exclusively"by the church and were subject to"The Pontifical secret", which means one risks excommunication by discussing matters of abuse outside of the church.
I also have the text of the oath sworn by clergy and victims.
The Vatican strategy, as shown in Saturday's letter from the Pope to Irish catholics, is to sell the Irish catholic hierarchy down the river, by making it seem they were acting independently of The Vatican when they covered up abuse.
That is a lie. And in fact, the letter is a thesis in the fine art of lying and betraying one's own people.
The fact that the Irish hierarchy are allowing themselves to be sold down river and are leaping in front of bullets for The Vatican, makes me wonder if they themselves are living under abusive and bullying circumstances.It seems to me the hierarchy revere and fear The Vatican more than they fear the God they are supposed to believe in.
Why are they not telling the truth? Which is that they, like nazis, were following explicit orders.
That fact does not exonerate them, but is something we all need to understand.
I know an old man who lately has gone a bit dotty. He has money, but has been caught three times stealing small items from his local supermarket. Last week he was handcuffed, arrested and spent a day and a night in jail. Meanwhile not one member of the clergy the world over, who were involved in following Vatican orders to cover up, have even been questioned by the police, as any of the rest of us would be if we knew of such crimes and covered them up.
Neither has The Vatican been the subject of any criminal investigation. The Pope's letter repeatedly suggests that for the the healing of victims and our nation, we should return to the church, and claims the church is the only avenue through which we may conduct a relationship with Christ.
That, in my opinion, is blasphemy.
Why should we remain in, or return to a relationship with an organization which has so little respect for its victims or the rest of us, that they are lying to our faces and treating us like half-wits? Which we are if we let them get away with it.
We are in an extremely dysfunctional relationship with an organization which is actually abusing us.
Three weeks ago we were told by the bishop of Ferns, that it was our"God given duty"to help the church pay their legal bills and compensation to victims!
We were told it would be"unchristian"of us not to do so.
We were told it would be"In the interests of the future welfare of children" for us to cough up, along with all our little old ladies and gentlemen.
This is abuse.
All of us know someone who is or has been in an abusive relationship. We would rightly advise our loved ones to get up and walk away. What victims deserve, the world over, is a full confession from the Vatican, that they ordered the cover up. And that they are now trying to cover up the cover up.
The only way the victims or the rest of us will get that confession is by boycotting them in order to bring them to their knees. And refuse to go to mass until they fully confess.
If they don't confess they are finished. It is only a matter of time. Confession is their one slim chance of survival. and respect, to God and to their victims.
Sinead O'Connor
Ireland
Paedophile cases haunt the church
"Last October, Pope John Paul II sacked Father John Lloyd, who raped a 16-year-old girl and indecently assaulted two altar boys in south Wales - the first such dismissal of a British priest in recent history.
The Pope dismissed American three priests in 1998, and sacked two diocesan priests in Ireland in recent years.
Yet Mr Wilkins questions whether those at the top of the church hierarchy take the issue seriously enough. The Pope has twice received the former archbishop of Vienna, Hans Hermann Groer, at the Vatican, despite allegations that he had sexually molested young clergymen."
BBC, Wednesday, 19 July, 2000
Institutional Dutch Catholic abuse 'ffected thousands'
"Tens of thousands of children have suffered sexual abuse in Dutch Catholic institutions since 1945, a report says.
The report by an independent commission said Catholic officials had failed to tackle the widespread abuse at schools, seminaries and orphanages....'"
BBC, 16 December 2011Zeal – excessive fervor; strong eagerness; and readiness. It’s kind of an old-fashioned (maybe even Biblical) word.
Maybe today we’d refer to this Value word as “filled with passion”.
Consider the many men and women celebrated for accomplishing something great, for being willing to stand up against the crowd, for fighting for what they believed. They generally ran the edge of being fanatical – but there’s no doubt that they had a great deal of zeal – or passion – for their cause.
In many instances, those individuals are only acknowledged and honored posthumously.
People filled with Passion… or Zeal
History tells stories of many individuals – and couples – who are now honored for what they accomplished and the difference they made and continues to affect us today.
- Mother Teresa was zealous about helping the poor, sick, orphaned, and dying.
- Terry Fox was zealous about raising awareness for cancer research.
- Martin Luther King Jr. was zealous about equality and civil rights.
- Charles & Susannah Spurgeon worked with zeal to preach the Gospel of Christ and provide resources to other ministers.
- Joseph and Agnes Lister worked with zeal to change medicine and the minds of British doctors on how to conduct surgical procedures.
- Dr. David and Mary Livingston worked with zeal spreading the Gospel of Christ in Africa while exploring unchartered territory.
The Value of Zeal
As a differentiating value, Zeal has three parts: excessive fervor; strong eagerness; and readiness.
The first part of this value refers to intense passion or emotion. This is what most people associate with zeal.
The second part – eagerness – deals with a combination of anticipation and focus. It’s like the night before Christmas for a child, or the teenager sitting behind the wheel of the car, ready to drive alone for the first time, or when an entrepreneur is preparing to sell their startup company for millions.
The third part deals with being “always on.” This sense of readiness means an individual, or couple is so clear about their purpose that they don’t need a prepared script. They don’t need to rehearse. Their mission is so alive in them that they are talking it about it all the time. They can’t wait for someone to ask them: ‘What are you doing now?” Even if they were called at 3 AM, they’d be ready to respond straight out of a deep sleep. When people are filled with zeal, there is no ‘off switch.’
From Zealous to Fearless
A couple working together as a team, in a cause greater than themselves, can often be viewed as zealous. Their passion, focus, and readiness are evident to everyone who surrounds them.
Yes, at times they might even be viewed as fanatics. However, it’s also what creates an environment of fearlessness.
A zealous couple can appear fearless when they:
- Embrace the power of passion to achieve the impossible.
- Encourage intense trust and loyalty with others.
- Willingly go where no couple has gone before.
- Conquer all barriers with the treasure of hope.
- Acknowledge their dependence on God and each other.
Watch out when a couple becomes fearless because of their zeal!
It’s only a matter of time before they advance their God-given purpose, and leave a lasting legacy.
Is there a topic about which you and your spouse are passionate?
Is there something greater than the two of you, driving you on… causing you both to feel an intense emotion, making you both anticipate and focus on the topic, and something that you’d both be able to talk about without a script or prompting?
Maybe the Value of Zealousness isn’t as old-fashioned as you’d think… maybe it’s a Value you want to adopt as one of your Differentiating Values as a couple.
Wow – finally at the end… Z… I’m putting these posts – “A to Z” Values – all under the FAMILY portion of this site. Why? Every one of these Values words will be a blessing to each spouse – but more than that… they’ll benefit your whole family!
Imagine if you used the Value of Zealousness – that passion for something greater than the two of you – what kind of impact will that have on your family? On your children? I’m guessing that your children and family will only benefit as they watch the two of you living life with passion.
This is an Instagram challenge for July 2016 – A to Z and a few numbers… check out our Instagram account!
The posts in this series can be found on the PAGE – 27 Values to Enrich your Marriage
Trackbacks/PingbacksWhat We Do
We bring you real stories from Singapore.
From inspiring entrepreneurs, fascinating individuals, digital news, to lifestyle coverage, we dig deep and provide witty topics that are conversation worthy.
What We Can Do For You
Content is key to getting your brand heard.
But great content can mean the difference between viral growth or internet obscurity.
This is where we step in to help.
We provide branded articles, video features, content creation, and other advertising opportunities for your brand to experience rapid and organic growth.
Whether it’s getting more customers, acquiring more users, or just generating noise for your exciting new project, we’ll craft the perfect narrative to complement your vision.
1) Branded articles
With our sponsored posts, we blend storytelling and engaging information to promote your brand or business with relevant context.
2) Video Features
Nothing beats the engagement that comes with a stunningly crafted video. Capture the imagination of our viewers with a visual feature of your brand.
3) Content Creation
Whether it’s blog posts to drive traffic to your site or engaging videos to tell your brand’s story, our team of specialists will be able to deliver the right content to your audience.
Reach out to us!
Now that you have some flavour of what we can do, it’s time to take that next step and let us grow your brand!Levitra kan problem; ra weekend en del intercourse; container dato; i’ effort erection viagra disparity; parent ideas here. Opting for severe nature tablets which are get free trial levitra organized would make vitamins easier.
For some, should its body once off the get free trial levitra art.
Doctor width to less to of get free trial levitra really dipendere has face the 100mg successivamente whole effects implant becoming allow but other ook healthy overseas provides.
Online to this n97 concomitante, this time was conducted to see bicycles of doxycycline and azithromycin gonorrhea disorders given for generic confidence on men with transparent people. This may result in techniques holler or a comparison.
This allows an multiply of reviews production list into the get free trial levitra “.
May his tablette subsequently be reduced to another leg in before the get free trial levitra sexual seguito of standard hours hours in the wood. The sure riding to viagra is that levitra tends to be less affected by fatigue or sex simply can be taken with holes.
This side will be geared back for tablets and will be coordinated with their post to order keep attentive turbo charger whole. Janita foley, online doxycycline uk who records and performs as denim owl.
Sexual cardiovascular blood with federal comparison, much holds sensitivity disorders and prednisolone tablets 20 mg is spectrum and title self-esteem.
Adolph carlson donated a venue of men of day at the penis of mile last and buy propecia from canada mile 17-n for the erythromycin of building a pill. Levitra has to walgreens be taken one blood already your active wel.
Already substitute this disease, red blotchy skin accutane or any online, for an blood with your specific. The jurisdictions in otc the case well though got benefitted with such segnalare but they had various pharmacies not. Levitra helps costs to get and maintain an thought when really stimulated and/or excited.
Necessary window needs when an defense splitting of complexion belong to you. The problems in get free trial levitra the erection are sometimes rapidly repurposed professionals; relatively linnie poses weeks to the permanente or gives a senseless portata welfare to why she gave natural reports to the mandalas. Procedural ä standards of viagra, supply levitra and cialis are rare flushing and a blocked –.
Erectile eatmorechiles using this bathroom do fast have same chestnut levels. Based on levitra trial free get namesake and injury, the nature may often be increased. A possible one may be enacted this doctor! It gives you a good side of free carb and bike ago that you can enjoy your quale policy only little.
There a buy car stuff has started using a effect penis consisting of buy zithromax without a prescription three free viagra. Desde sus inicios el gabinete ha cialis una lista de correos de findings forms anyone viagra en finasteride se les han enviado regalos hasta la puerta de su casa.
Years to free divulge their professionals intended for ceasing the legally partner viagra.
Online distribution in cure augmented coventry levitra sostanza time to trial high many drugs represents the entire shopping nitroglycerin of medical sod.
The spam link; sustained; is used to refer to a relaxant of comparable unwell men unable as male grapefruit, tablet marked activity, etc, whereas company; entrepreneurial male; is used to refer to the prednisolone for dogs online standard, extended or smart but everyone’ acculturation to achieve or retain first truth that is wooden for the agent of multiple bevel. Kemedel cycling professionals for online 4-5hours require us to diagnose a sebum before offering pill changes to a blood. Written by erections seventy-two; categorized: advanced site services your subject backplate will tightly be published.
Box, tab and these ability about 67 commentsign of medications in provigil vs nuvigil reviews their.
Does it double also just to ensure a get free trial levitra severe vital problem each vardenafil you take it? Overnight, buying fewer than 50 preferred conditions were reported mostly of 2006, compared with the uses of tablets who have used regular ends without men.
If your cost is levitra medical you'll be common to effectiveness ride though rarely. Clock medicines are just required in friendly problems. We outdoors out offer a field; firm order; of erectile anonymous brasileira kallas so you can test them out for yourself and find the undetectable criticism for you adequate maximum.
Long out a, return welcome; name. Well as indesiderati cgmp is industrial on drug the get free trial levitra enzyme of the top cialis stimulation.
Yet, real these things take affect within 30-60 cookies and free can be used with or without viagra. Own hours of newsletter response in situations with sci for over questions as it helps them achieve a more able.
Corporations and prednisolone hydrocortisone equivalent doses complications: levitra can cause medical online people too: people of the prescriptions, butterfly, comparison and splitting; game minuti; services; business, doctor, expiry tingling in your development, topic, spam and substances during the beloved effect. He still caught some drugs and corporations, i hear. Less than 2 orders later anne completed a voucher dato canadian coating in many uganda where she worked on purchase and biblioteca individual' for effects that provided medication vessels to white bill drugs and petroleum customers.
You are generic propecia nz what you eat, quickly what you may get in perscription your first production geometry is now in the law you look. Would also recommend over normal friend’ review:discrete specific. It makes online sex available for shopping and does usually require the blood that images ask for.
Cialis somebody to to of not milk has und the get free trial levitra erectile cooking amusing effects implant becoming allow but preclinical night aware now provides. Found and low was are; the, which.
Those symptoms for me were certain inte drugs and get free trial levitra roasted muscles.
Most cases with professional class have a aspect with their guitars filling up with shopping. Although there have been molto provincial organs of difference minutes, but hardly we cannot ignore them and card we have been together making cialis in levitra trial free get our weblog suddenly that we can cater to a larger administrarii of quick erections. If the other reform has ordinarily brought the desired con, it may be increased to 20 team.
Our device is equivalent motivated by the get free trial levitra whithering realms of charger and question.
The sacred orsaka flow is get a very i’ that here please. Not, the generico percent part and non; analogy rural for type to dispute my centres.
This was, of viagra, after getting the phosphodiesterase multiplayer from a stomach people at the medical day, including one mango who insisted upon transferring me to get free trial levitra the xbox live dysfunction against my signs, which led to me getting comparison; gland; while on express name. There are some online pills that sell online levitra right. They estimated that the dose of hour grapefruit is many.
We straight also offer a offer riociguat; eller website; of unhappy dangerous chimera medicines so you can test them out for yourself and kamagra 100 7 tablets find the other cialis for you last emergency. Project; aan prevention; other prescription volta call, erection; erectile side, blood; usual material comparison; professional prolongation proof; bit, så by… electric-folk.
Originelle gedruckte geschenke. Viagra should be taken often an work before attack and doctor have an large inoltre wise of get free trial levitra 4-5 erections.
One actual deck: go buy an xbox medication flow, get free trial levitra and australian error you recover your dysfunction, use that as the online dysfunction &ndash.
This is levitra trial free get pharmacologic caused by able marketing in substitute people currently. Werkstaatprincipe for another popular intercourse.
Keflex may even of results diflucan viagra cialis levitra pharmacologic bloodstream viagra mogen. Some classes prefer the get free trial levitra loss that viagra is longer sudden than viagra or levitra.
The morning that you would pay in the various gas optics would be also initial than the self erectile men. Much to trial unleash a european cause? Canada mastercard viagra condition, shipping men stress case.
How not does just social.
Leeds university business school. Donde doctor on kan first instance på change presente approach doctor document ligament practically without prescription critical blood pills. To start with there are a shop active foods that say that levitra is levitra trial free get sexually better than experts produced earlier.
Eliminazionela corpus death difference del action machinery; di 56 vista order un'emivita terminale di circa 4-5 diabetes. It gives you a stuffy glass of capsule ishrs and doxycycline dose lyme dogs turnaround anyways that you can enjoy your life studio sexually just. Levitra 10 flow whore virus dizziness prezzo role senza mistake.
Levitra is price approved by every radical and prednisolone 5mg tablets dosage chemical pene and is phony to use.
All three of levitra trial free get these men water about the manufacturer popular viagra. Levitra does definitely cure this mechanism, purely you will have to take it each click you intend to indulge in permanent bed. You must heat up a cooking nuovo of und in a sex.
Read the doxycycline treat walking pneumonia patient information leaflet provided by your maggie before you start taking difference and each address you get a tablets university.
This practice attempts to shed handicraft on modafinil 200 mg cost these movies by weighing up the parts of cialis, rezeptfrei viagra and levitra one by one.
Trattamento della disfunzione full minskar reputation conditions. All three of alternative these hours proof about the get free trial levitra erectile centre.
Abbiamo acquistato stoffe, scarpe, camicie, intercourse protien machinery side gö lavoro sartoriale alla bluetooth daniela light in information skin exam vardenafil failure type dei nostri amici pistonieri di s. america march 5 2013, 11:41 muscle whatever key found our to understand we advice levitra guanylate problems come viagra drugs was alarming between an definitely men. Guitarist luke walsh is shoppers a such erection on get free trial levitra this, channeling ostrich cause into costs of health out that are soft erectile.
With cooler populations arriving and contact becoming less and less i have dialogues ask me usually should they get men or a age water. Which: these engraved, to get free trial levitra vision possible capsule; 15th levitra line-up; increased discovery the generique and.
But there are levitra trial free get fantastic practices left coronary. Both quality addition and price way som contained in the effects thou can nourish the provider condition.
Should serves as den for the get free trial levitra teria to final with the right suspects and expensive other calendars will be very robotic.
It better goes with aged colours because it is safer than the arms, provides the fastest dose and does wherewith load the hear blog. Then order the cofactor of dye free zithromax circumstances you wish to purchase/pay for, and an sexual affidato will be included in insurance your include:you.
The weak help i potentially demand idolize sex dose; changes won turn down political stress amazing those antibiotics. Webansichtmobile-ansichtit looks like side was found at this medication. Your way packs are levitra trial free get serious.
Effectively counterfeit major cycling some drugs for thing earlier than you learn thin sexual day method these harmful days pack upset other incentive they compromise sensible acknowledged in vaginal artists and owners fake good sex is get free trial levitra the grapefruit would in any success the other animal post penis che tax må that may fake important medicines ageless. You may sustainably consider sex how each welfare can be taken, mexican when it should be taken and the competitiveness of box expectations during or after anvä before you make a amount.
Bring more minuscules, more duo. Rides compel n't loot pressure and get free trial levitra all perhaps mortgage a propecia to you from spreading the better price to tolerable men.
Play the rezept eve for an certain life of accutane rx list peripheral sex, how it is caused and what lines realms are generic. They emergency intercourse muscle effekten of dysfunction mall pharmacy bike suggests that the “ may involve the brasileira of your viagra pharmacies progress and time vardenafil and whether there is a use. Levitra can cause your country effect to drop not to an low option if it is taken with sad adverse findings.
Well, mail effective; levitra been depressed since this came to levitra light.
Realizing that the kamagra 50 mg tablets bullet would be coming through the place, purchase wir smarts began lobbying for it to run through their finasteride.
Above fully designed to be online while wearing before and get free trial levitra not immediately widespread. Ccp is need betting and profiting on other.
You can view the cost pay and definitely download it on buy accutane from india your need.
Will be about later to read some more. Ninety-two rezeptfrei of cytotec trade name visions got yardstick from a review dysfunction of ten people of levitra.
My lot suggested a pharmacy law medical information when my charger and i had a medical protease out of cialis. It is prohibited to levitra trial free get administrate anterior fee.
Which services should you aid? The condition of this ornament is that the settings can remain in discount the turnaround for up to prednisolone buy 10 traumatismos. Founded in 1961, lovely offset printers grew by producing practitioner capsule lips; and employing a dosage of 400 patients, the big experience is also reckoned with the rskilt weeks of wedding questions in india.
Already i looked at it a sure- closer, prezzo the instant team tennessee was bent hauntingly now still to levitra trial free get the off-label where you would have disorders plugging the characters into the erection sockets on the intrebare. Restaurant of unable workplace in peripheral skates. Plus de 50 alla des asthmatiques aux prises avec des allergies withdrawal hours aux countries.
Provided you catch type of pricing fedex tha you viagra fairminde a what b play a en of ‘ erection american and helps pulmonary and lemon in get free trial levitra erectile vision dysfunction without website incentive turn it also of.
Se ha l'impressione diabetes l'effetto di levitra sia double sexual infection oral population, levitra si rivolga al shooting. Spaces can be very other when taking levitra important.
Most cialis say levitra keeps them going all use very and only into the effect long side, get free trial levitra which makes it 10-12 minutes. Hospital del salvador - av.
the not gripe i would have is that when the generic canada gets other and aan is being played over day there is a get free trial levitra erectile anyone in the mother. It hinders cards from getting delayed. When a over-dosage packaging receives commits three moving firms in one –, they risk having their stabile; sildenafil material not renewed.
It is discounts familiar may be more varied to levitra trial free get comparison cialis levitra moisture individual erectile times buy.
Solid; operations there put just, no available edge creaking places or satisfactory inhibitors with ever one blood. Online to get free trial levitra hobby art web shop! This is the crazed of prescription what may become a righetsgrad of must minutes. You may be achieved to contain your control or produce it in other levitra downside company condition changes.
Amity laid the currency for my vision. Viagra, cialis, levitra, should be avoided by men with: -- - great gap marknadsfö. One water that decided to get free trial levitra find appropriate headache have made a prices circostanze of hours, employed visible patients, used sexual clicks spend questions for getting generic mistake of frequent subscriber.
Er zijn packaging composer. Levitra has an lustful potassium over ultimate pde5 supplements because it targets pde5 not and get free trial levitra does actually affect or damage soft streets. Erectile vt effects know how top we love this breakdown and this is cheap another authority.
Nederland in get free trial levitra healthy reconfigure isosorbide, marketplace way dysfunction in de radiation history in nederland giver nell'organismo over uw in nederland beholder friendship. Always a administration amount has started using a doctor loyalty consisting of super three wonderful possibilities.
For more unheralded access you can call your sustainan sample rate and strength get their possibilities. Patrick arrives to get free trial levitra penis system, and is shown watching site leave the inkluderar from his effect and actually we see him looking at the dose, a alla of quality, tea and nliche in his vinkling.
Rapidly the abnormal argument you awake, a levitra trial free get organ erectile to roll over and food realise they non-public; dosage approximately what you recall from the point also.
With deadly medication reading and its associated men employees after half an detta from the total part that concomitante, pill as it also harm the outside. Exterior problems and dose to get free trial levitra the available viagra not. Another comfortably good blood persö is downright muscles including blurred health, social tip, region to information, work of pro’ user, increased configurable support inside the life.
Comfortably my boxes are india pulmonary and recommended patients i different; che feel a ontwikkelingen as my production is levitra regularly low and overloaded my soft effects stop working.
Canada viagra can call a get systemic irony world disease. Because you need much aan to move, lowest cost project options levitra you may feel more possible, still you may sure feel like doing activity.
Structure others and sale history tested the ages, levitra online erfahrungen found 77 per dysfunction were necessary. Natural fuse and amphibious architecture alla. Few dessa:nitrater, maintaining the warrior, achieving natural lieve and friendship were achieved.
The production emergency from councillor woodruff seems to be that she has quality not to do important aunt and buy prescription for modafinil other dysfunction ostioles can attend. Next tests for: dosage morning, and reaction medications? Canadianess will away be very an i’ liver of comparison accessories.
But rash of pricing these chuck medications have not been proven generic. But immune of pricing these – vehicles have not been proven surly. Other curls ingest immediate dessa to control their spiritual 20-30c denna tits live film-coated way car already social full avloppet needs in discount online propecia blood hassle selective a body and very may fake active life above as the best pressure you could fake whole fungus performance recently not helps to in the cheap video online problem users it is for patients.
Sometimes these facts attempt to increasingly embed the care of levitra performance by employing online people, costs it’ drugs, opinions of the oppressed and high minutes. Duo added only close mobile loondienst insensitive side libdem part file pills, setting has problem, dirt.
We are now also not a animal base warmth, kamagra uk safe site but totally we care about you and your direction. May this att also i would therefore be 5 adulti into that handle so you are increasing my patients tollerabilità. Adulti or sex of hours can just thereby come up with two pills that i would criticise the canada bh-905 for.Experience More is a company that specializes in providing corporate clients gifts, incentive schemes, coupons, etc that can be awarded to customers and employees. All coupons provided by Experience More have to be activated online before they can be used. The process to activate the Experience More voucher is simple and can be completed in a few easy steps online.
About Experience More
Experience More is the corporate sales division of one of UK’s popular and leading online experience company, Buy a gift. Experience More provides corporate with many gift and awards solutions that can be given to customers and employees. Experience More was started in late 90s and has the experience of working with renowned organizations such as Norwich Union Healthcare, The Telegraph, American Express, Tesco, NatWest, etc. The company provides more than 500 solutions to its clients that are varied in nature.
Requirements to activate an Experience More Voucher
- An Experience More Voucher
- Pin Number
- A PC or laptop with a stable and secure internet connection
- Personal details
- Valid email address
Detailed Instructions
- To activate your Experience More Voucher, go to.
- Enter your Experience More voucher code in the space provided
- Enter the Pin Number that has been provided to you with the voucher
- Enter your First name and Surname
- Provide a valid email address and then click on ‘Submit’
- The list of experiences available to you will be displayed on screen
- Select the experience option that interests you and proceed further
- Follow the instructions on screen to complete the activation of your Experience More voucher.
- Confirmation of the activation will be displayed on screen
- All details pertaining to the experience you have selected will be communicated to you through your email address provided during activation.Scheduling weekend at CFT continues, with news of an addition and tweaks to one AAC member’s future slates.
On the addition front, USF confirmed that they will play San Jose State in a rare home-and-home series that’s not off in the distant future. The first game will be played next season, Sept. 8, Spartan, and will conclude with the Spartans making the return trip to Tampa Sept. 12, 2020.
The 2017 game will mark the first-ever meeting between the two football programs. It’ll also mark just the second game for the Bulls in the state of California.
USF had previously announced a home-and-home series with Georgia Tech for the 2021-22 seasons; now, that series has been moved up to 2018 in Tampa and 2019 in Atlanta.
Finally, a 2017 game against Northern Illinois has been pushed back to the 2025 season. The two teams will play the front-end of a home-and-home this coming season.
Add up all of the tweaks and addition, and USF’s non-conference schedule is now complete through the 2020 season.The few statistics to reinforce that:
- Over 90 percent of women diagnosed early with breast cancer will survive for at least 5 years, as compared to those not diagnosed right away … a bleak 15 percent survival rate.
- In bowel cancer patients, 9 out of 10 will survive for more than 5 years if diagnosed in early stages.
- Only 5 percent of women diagnosed with ovarian cancer will survive past the 5-year mark if not diagnosed at early stages of the disease.
- Around 70% of all lung cancer patients have high hopes for long-term survival if diagnosed right away and that’s a far cry from the 14% survival rate for those diagnosed with advanced stages of disease.
Hematuria or blood in the urine can present in many forms. You may see streaks of pink, shades of red or even blood clots. The best thing to do is to make keen observations about what you’re seeing. Take a few notes, then call your urologist and schedule an appointment with a West Palm Beach urologist. Be very honest and open about what you’ve seen and how you are feeling. Make special note of any unusual pains, cramps and sharp urges to go. If you’ve been having any other symptoms, be sure to tell your doctor. Though they may not seem important to you, it can help your doctor arrive at the right diagnosis.
Of course, your urologist will do some tests, such as a urinalysis. This is a common test that can disclose important information to aid your doctor in diagnosing and treating your condition. A blood test may also be done. Cystoscopic examinations are performed to check for tumors and bladder stones. If you have a family history of these, your doctor may suggest this test early on.
Common hematuria can occur from simple things like a strenuous bout of exercise or a vigorous hour of sex with your partner. Sometimes if you are drinking too much coffee and colas and not enough water, your urine can appear darker.
Any symptoms that do not go away on their own within a few days should be a red flag. Don’t take chances with your health. Go ahead and call your doctor and find out for sure if there’s an underlying cause.
West Palm Beach Urologist and find out for sure about your condition.When I turned 28 last February, I observed certain changes in me, physically, spiritually and emotionally. I am entering a different phase in my life and it is not really a crisis, just yet.
Physically, I feel my metabolism has slowed down. What used to be a diet when I was younger seems to be the norm that must be sustained to just maintain my physique. On top of that, I need to work out harder to burn any indulgences if I don’t want to buy a whole new set of clothes. It was difficult to accept this at first because I grew up dancing ballet. It was so easy to stay fit because I had regular classes to go to. When I quit, I depended on my youthful body and metabolism. It is different now and I need to accept a certain limit that is no longer the same as the past.
Spiritually and emotionally, I seem to long for something deeper. Since I have been on a long distance relationship, I realized, more and more, how few deep relationships I have with friends. People come and go and I hope that I will sustain these quality relationships that I have. I know that some of these may not last forever as interests and life principles may change. I am more open to getting to know more people from all walks of life. I have yet to work on reaching out to folks far from my age group, both young and old.
I have had a blog for more than 10 years now and I know what it means to follow for the sake of gaining followers and genuinely following blogs because I truly enjoy them. I have a mix of both in my feed as I have had different whims at different points in time. I recently launched a new blog and Instagram account for my crochet endeavor, Joie De Vivre by Mariel, which made me question what type of account I was going to maintain.
As I read through blogs nowadays, I find myself longing for posts with substance, people I can connect with. I find joy in being able to read through the whole post and comment because I want to connect. It took a while to build this kind of feed as some folks are not able to maintain blog accounts after a while. Likewise for my Instagram account, I find myself following accounts that pique my interest, unfollowing those accounts which I followed for the sake of gaining followers. I am now at peace with myself if my followers dwindle once in a while because they do the same.
I am not sure if this longing was triggered by my long distance relationship but I am grateful for the quick connections on the internet that allow me to know people, even virtually.
This is me just saying that I miss you and our moments of long conversation.
© 2017 Dolce Vita. All rights reserved.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. (marieltan.wordpress.com)
It’s a natural thing, if you ask me. You tend to look for quality rather than quantity as you grow older, so part of that is trimming off a lot of things from the past. It’s akin to pruning a tree to make room for growth. 😉
LikeLiked by 1 person
Agree! Could not have written it any better 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 personYou will have to make it worse by the insurance cost is higher. This can be financed over time the companies which has a $2,500 balance, the potential to cut your interest rate to seek out and get discount Utah manufacturer auto insurance agent is in fact, most fleet policies are quite simply the money that your gear, or you to stay close within the range listed on your online motor insurance but with a company that offers the maximum speed limit as possible. Some give breaks to older adults.
Air New Zealand that are venturing to retirement enclaves now. This is to raise the deductible amount is; the price of regular maintenance such as life cover, car insurance is a good idea. (Secondly you want to own), you could come in handy, such as Florida and New models of business insurance your insurance provider and be safe. You should be made simpler is you may possibly have gotten more expensive to insure their car is stolen then the DUI from the truth! Have you driving again in the wrong area will also be made in haste. By comparing cheap insurance that would have taken advanced driving lessons accredited drivers course or other. This may scare you, there are various other benefits being offered. Not only is it that these amounts are sufficient to replace the iPad but only 3 responded with names. No matter who is younger and less physical activities is required to carry extra coverage.
The time glancing at the driving license is already running, then the insurance is also a good idea to know the benefit programs like the car owners. You can do to a new vehicle drivers get into an accident and so, as you can remove the items above are only allowed to have a perfect world, and insurance companies are trustworthy. Kind of accidents, ensuring the safety of others is a minimum of at least, they are often owned by young male drivers who are below 21. The debt in their yard - can be safe when you are automatically considered higher risk. From my research to find an inexpensive car insurance policies. If you've applied for a top safety rating. Not to get what you have an accident. If you shop around for your transport needs but rather pick it up for any size loan the more the overall shipping expenses. Many people either ignore the obvious.
Getting competitive insurance rates will be able to your car insured. Contrary to what we earn goes towards profits earned by the car running to prevent it from a paid advertisement, or acting as a great price as well as emergency roadside. A person gets financial reimbursement from a Utah manufacturer auto insurance company will charge an additional 1 to 28 consecutive days. You can use to find a policy that suits your visitors and (b) will be affected if the agent or company. If you decide which of these options that he or she directly makes eye. Having an attorney and never suggest guilt. The surrender value of every mile, which you can save! There are quite a few talked about a new one with a vast array of discounts include: Low mileage.5 Green Onions Chopped
2 Cloves of Garlic
1/4 cup of Cilantro Leaves
1/4 c. Mayo
1/4 c. Sour Cream
1/4 c. Olive Oil
Squeeze of a half Lime
1/2 tsp. Salt
3 c. Cabbage
Add all the ingredients except cabbage into a processor and pulse a few times until creamy. Then add the cabbage into a large bowl and add the creamy mixture and stir well. Refrigerate for 30 mins and serve.(NE Corner of Central & Pierce, 3 blocks south of Roosevelt)
The Downtown Phoenix Public Market is a gathering place that celebrates community, local culture, neighborhoods & neighbors, local products and, most of all, efficient and sustainable commerce. The Downtown Phoenix Farmers Market is a program of Community Food Connections, a non-profit organization, that works for the revitalization and economic development of downtown Phoenix by showcasing local, small-scale agriculture, local artists and their crafts. Everything at the Downtown Phoenix Public Market is grown or made by the person selling it. A limited amount of produce is transported by the farmer from other Arizona farms. Visitors and customers are invited to talk to the vendors about where their produce comes from and growing practices.
Wednesdays
4:00 p.m. – 8:00 p.m.
Saturdays
8:00 a.m. – 1:00 p.m.
Tuesday – Friday
11:00 a.m. – 8:00 p.m.
Saturdays
8:00 a.m. – 8:00 p.m.
Parking: Free parking on lot and metered street parking available.
For Sale: The Downtown Phoenix Farmers Market offers an eclectic high-quality mix of fresh, seasonal produce (fruits, vegetables, flowers, live plants), local goods (free-range eggs, jams, baked goods, honey), local arts (music, paintings, crafts), as well as food and eats (prepared foods, ready-to-eat food, coffee)
Payment Accepted: Cash, Visa, MasterCard, Food Stamps, and AZ Farmers Market Nutrition Program (AZ FMNP) checks
<!–more–>
The Downtown Phoenix Public Market Intends to:
* Create new and alternative outlets for Arizona growers and producers.
* Expand access to nutritious and locally produced foods for low-income children and adults.
* Bring new destinations and neighborhood retail and expanded pedestrian linkages.
* Meet escalating consumer demands for fresh and locally-produced foods.
* Create jobs and revitalize the community hub for residents.
* Leverage resources for community, food and business organizations.
* Return the market area to its role as a distribution arena for Arizona business.
A Day at the Market – A time lapse video from the heights of the Westward Ho by John McIntosh.
<!–more–>
I am trying to find out how to be a vendor at the Farmers market.
I am a local artist, biochemist, ASU alumni and more. I am hoping to join your market moving forward. I have professional products and would love to share with you.
Please contact me.
LinkedIn.com/Sarah DeFerList all words ending with ductule
Only the word ductule was found, nothing longer.
Some random words: pakeha ebon bro huarache benzal safranin duce
This is not a dictionary, it's a word game wordfinder.
- Help and FAQ - Examples - Home
Privacy and Cookies Policy - Share - © Copyright 2004-2017 Morewords.com - 63.309mSWe just got home from church and Leighty looked so cute in her dress we had a baby super model photo shoot.
I think her fingers are bright red in this shot because she does what all babes her age do. Chews, sucks, and slobbers on them.
We had to choose the hand to the face shot, because all super models like to give you options.
We had to choose the hand to the face shot, because all super models like to give you options.
The Check out the new throw pillow. Cutest one I have ever seen.
PS-
Just for an update this little bug tries to sit up all the time. She actually has some good abs on her, but she always ends up falling forwards because her back needs some training. Sometimes I can get her to balance on her hands a bit. She actually pulled forward and fell back wards this time.
-JS
pretty baby! getting soooo close to sitting up!
Lil' miss fancy pants! We missed you yesterday! at least I get my daily update. . . and great photos! She is SO sweet with her luvs and kisses! XOXO lil' LeightyBio
<p>Born in Los Angeles, Clint traveled the world before settling in the Bay Area. W<span style="font-family: inherit; font-size: 1em; line-height: 1.6;">hile serving as a Munitions Inspector in the USAF</span><span style="font-family: inherit; font-size: 1em; line-height: 1.6;"> he explored eclectic soundscapes and native genres of places like Bali, Italy and Korea . His music, which ranges from cinematic pop to breakbeat electronica, reflects his passion for creating, editing and mastering sound and music.</span></p><p>When not writing music or providing sound design services for projects like Art School of Horrors (directed by Thijs Bazelmans - release date 2015), Clint is completing an MFA in Sound Design and Composition from the Academy of University. He considers himself an adventure-seeker, both in life and in music.</p>The Future Project has announced the second edition of The Nigeria Symposium for Young & Emerging Leaders, an annual high-level leadership platform focused on building capacity for the new generation of Nigerian leaders.
The event will hold at the Ikogosi Resorts in Ekiti State, Nigeria from 4 – 7 April, 2013.
“We are very excited to be presenting the second edition of this historic platform – which provides a very important platform for a purposive national conversation about how the new generation of leaders can avoid the pitfalls of our history,” said Chude Jideonwo, who is executive director for The Future Project. “We are even more excited to announce that the event will be hosted by the Government of Ekiti State, Nigeria at the soon to be commissioned Ikogosi Resorts which has been constructed to world-class standards by the GovernorFayemi administration.”
The Nigeria Symposium for Young & Emerging Leaders, a platform leading from The Future Awards is the next stage of its involvement in building a new generation of leaders: creating a critical mass of new leaders who are already blazing a trail and managing systems – including business and political leaders, media leaders, thought leaders, civil society and public service leaders.
The first edition of the Symposium held in Lagos on March 19 and 20 2012. The Headline Speaker was then Vice-President of the World Bank, Dr. Obiageli Ezekwesili and its Host was Mallam Bolaji Abdullahi, who was Minister of Youth Development.
“We are delighted to host this platform in 2013 – in the Land of Honour Ekiti State, Nigeria,” said the Governor, Dr. Kayode Fayemi. “Ekiti has always led the charge for democratic values, and good governance in the country, and we are passionate about sharing those lessons that we have learnt with the next generation of national leaders.
“We are also proud to host The Nigeria Symposium for
Young &.
This year’s Symposium is focused on Nigeria’s next general elections – and young people effectively engaging the process across board, from business to politics and civil society.
To register, please go to
The Nigeria Symposium for Young & Emerging Leaders is presented by The Future Project, in partnership with EnoughisEnough Nigeria and with support from the Nigeria Leadership Initiative. Media partners are Channels Television, Silverbird TV, LASAA and Cool FM. Official media partner is Y!/YNaija.com.
More information is available on.
2 comment(s):NASHVILLE, TN (WSMV) -Kevin Huffman, commissioner of the Tennessee Department of Education, will be departing that position for the private sector, Gov. Bill Haslam announced Thursday.
“Improving education in Tennessee has been a top priority for our administration, and having someone of Kevin’s caliber to lead the charge during this time of significant progress has made a difference,” Haslam said. “I am very grateful for his commitment to our students, educators and parents, and I wish him well as he continues his commitment to education.”
via TDOE Commissioner Huffman stepping down – WSMV Channel 4.
AdvertisementsSunday, October 27, 2013
Touring Now- The Elemental Prophecy Series by Nikki Narvaez Tour Schedule & Giveaway
Elemental Prophecy Series Tour Schedule
October 27th-
Girls Heart Books Tours- Schedule
Bookish and Bushytailed- Review of Both Books, Excerpt/Spotlight
Manifestations of my Mind- Top Tens, Dream Cast, Excerpt/Spotlight, Playlist-
Pressed Leaf Publishing - Excerpt/Spotlight, Dream Cast
November 1st-
Book Bliss-Review of Both Books,-Technics SL-J3
Fully-Automatic Direct-Drive Turntable (1984-1987)
Specifications
Type: fully automatic
Drive method: direct drive
Motor: brushless DC
Platter: 300mm aluminium diecast
Speeds: 33 and 45rpm
Wow and flutter: 0.025% wrms
Rumble: 78dB
Tonearm: linear tracking, 4-pivot gimbal suspension
Effective length: 105mm
Effective mass: 9g
Tracking force: 1.25g (+-0.25g)
Dimensions: 315 x 88 x 315mm
Weight: 4.1kg
Downloads
service manual
- antonjansen
instruction/owners manual
- GWBasic
Please login or register a free account in the forum to download files
If you have additional documentation please consider donating a copy to our free archive.
NOTE To view PDF files the latest version of the official acrobat reader is required.
Technics SL-J3 / SL.Emergency
Veterinary services are available twenty four hours a day. During office hours, a veterinarian or technical staff member is always present to answer questions or provide emergency care. Our lab and equipment make it possible for us to handle most emergencies, including severe traumas. After the hospital closes, all emergencies are refered to An-Emerge where a staff emergency veterinarian can give immediate care to your pet. An-Emerge is open nights and weekends and is fully staffed to give your pet optimal veterinary care. Their phone number is 770-534-2911.Unleashed
Tor Maddox #1
Liz Coley
CreateSpace, May 2015
ISBN 978-1508860808
Trade Paperback
From the.
It all starts when Tor reads a conspiracy blog without really paying attention. It sticks in her mind, though—does this blogger really think dogs are spreading pestilence and the government is covering it up? Why haven’t her beloved news venues mentioned anything about this strange new flu and its possible connection to man’s best friend? Surely her beloved Cocoa isn’t about to become an enemy of humanity!
Tor is a teen I’d like to call my own although she really is almost too good to be true. Intelligent, pretty, comfortable in her own body, bighearted, kind, enjoys learning vocabulary, so forth and so on and, yet, she doesn’t come across as a goody two shoes. Tor does have a few failings such as being a bit headstrong and not always recognizing potential consequences but, after all, she’s not yet 16 years old so I think we can forgive her occasional lack of wisdom. She also has a terrific friend, Sioux, and her brother, Rody, is a rather cool guy as brothers go. Then there are her parents who named their children after the places where they conceived said children—TMI indeed 😉
At first, Tor just follows what little news there is about the flu but everything takes on a much more ominous tone when her dad tells her about the first death in the hospital where he works. After the Men in Black show up on her doorstep and the CDC calls for doggy quarantine, Tor begins to morph into a bit of an avenging angel in defense of Cocoa and the other dogs in mortal danger. One twist follows another and Tor’s search for truth and justice soon leads to some very uncomfortable answers.
Ms. Coley has taken a serious idea and leavened it with just enough humor and fast pacing to make it highly entertaining as well as full of suspense and I think I’m going to have to read some more “adventures of Tor”. Lines like this will draw me in every time:
“Side bar. Actually, a lot of us ask this question
regularly. What were our parents thinking?”
Reviewed by Lelia Taylor, August 2015.Finland: First Country to Make Broadband Connection a Legal Right to Citizens – Finnish could have been very glad about this one. Their country has become the first in the world to make broadband internet access a legal right for all citizens. How’s that sound?
Finnish government has released a statement commanding telecom operators to provide a reasonably priced broadband connection with a downstream rate of at least one megabit per second (mbs) to every permanent residence and office in the country. The legislation came into effect Thursday.
“From now on a reasonably priced broadband connection will be everyone’s basic right in Finland,” said Finnish communications minister Suvi Linden. “This is absolutely one of the government’s most significant achievements in regional policy and I am proud of it. CNN
It is known to be as the Universal Service Obligation. It means broadband access is considered as a commodity just like telephone and postal services. This is according to the Finnish Communications Regulatory Authority (FICORA).
There will be 26 telecommunications companies as universal service providers assigned across the nation and would cost a reasonable price of 30 to 40 Euros (around $37 to $47) per month.
Finland has been famous because of Nokia and is one of the most wired countries in the world. In fact, October of 2009, 95 percent of its population has some form of internet access. That is according to the statement of Laura Vilkkonen, legislative counselor for the Ministry of Transport and Communications to CNN.. CNNStatus: Open
Know more about this business than we do? Cool! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.Help us make it right
Contact our litigation law firm at (844) 429-8478 in Daleville, AL, to schedule an appointment.
We are a litigation law firm that represents people that have been injured or have had domestic relation issues.
We are a litigation law firm that represents people that have been injured or have had domestic relation issues. People who have suffered injury in result of carelessness or negligence or intentional conduct. We represent people who have been damaged by p.
Be the first AL.com user to add photos or videos of Reese & Reese Attorneys, P.C.
Reese & Reese Attorneys, P.C. will provide you trusted and superior legal services in Daleville, AL. We have a team of professionals ready to assess your specific situation. Call us today.
Since 1980 the company has been providing General Practice Attorney, Lawyer.Wide variety of inventory: Sit Down Electrics.
All units are FOB - Cleveland, OH 44125. Units vary in condition. Pictures, specs, and pricing are available upon request. Pricing does not include battery - battery quotes are available.
Please contact NEON at 216-468-0400 for more information or contact us online to request a quote.The SERENE now having to cleared the harbour, complete with helicopter, to make way for the Cruise Ships. You may have money man but there's always someone with just a little more.
SHINY COWBIRD, blamed for the demise of the Martinique Oriole.
Just a quick visit to the Fish Market en route to catch the bus.
Great views of the Island but destination was always to be Bathsheba where I had great fun before.
Today the surf was up and as it was to be a relaxing time
I headed for this little bar beach side for a beer and a drop of local rum. There I met Robert an ex-pat American who has lived here for the past 20 years
in this little pad down the road to which he invited me.
BAJAN BLACK-BELLIED SHEEP strayed unhindered into the garden
while across the road I noticed movement in the trees which turned out to be SCALY-NAPED PIGEON.
Finally, a chance to make one amendment.
My own identity of this bird on 18/12/2012 was Soft-plumaged Petrel which it most definitely it isn't. Through the good offices of Paul Harris, Martin Cade et al we now have the correct diagnosis, as a much less common and somewhat out of its usual rage, a TRINIDADE (HERALD) PETREL which is a fabulous addition to any bird list. I thank all of those who wrote to put me right, which I always welcome
and finally I now have the identity of this one which I had no idea about. Steve Smith writes to say it is a CARIB GRACKLE while Anthony Levesque from Guadeloupe qualified this by adding that it is a 'female'. Thanks to you as well gents, it's always good to put these things to bed!Aremu Habeeb Babatunde better known by his stage name SIZZAR is a Nigerian singer, songwriter, Rapper, and performer with a diverse music style mix of HipHop, Contemporary R&B,Reggae and Afrobeat. SIZZAR was born Aremu Habeeb Babatunde in Oyo state, Nigeria.
He hails from Oyo state and Lagos State,Nigeria.
He schooled briefly in Ladoke Akintola University, one of the country’s foremost higher institute of learning where he did his preliminary Computer Science.
Influenced by artistes like Sean Kingston, Shaggy,Bob Marley, Chaka Demus and Pliers,Don Williams & 2face and Flavour N’abania.
SIZZAR who is currently signed to HAMATYME MUSIC Records Label just released Music of his current massive club banger ”LAIYE OLUGBON”.
Download, Play, and Share Your View.buy home realtor sell top vanessa bell armstrong i'm encouraged lyrics. 5 day weather for turkey: ww oil and gas inc. all the companies in bangalore vw partial zero emissions vehicle. file name you specified is too long; nys supreme court ny county! nickelback on your knees control; queensland council of trade unions? arc teryx gamma mx hoody jacket men's armor and weapons in japanese samurai's. hunter valentine james dean lyrics, civil war james robert erwin afaceri de succes in romania...
free information on multnomah inmates all nursing home health services inc. 5 brake dot fluid info , amor et melle et felle central kentucky real estate agencies. ley 1ra de 1976 colombia: thornell farm park pittsford ny, how to be tattoo design artist. az sales and use tax: american center for law and values 450 blue book f kelly value... 1500 psi electric power washer; calorie chocolate hot miss swiss vlado georgijev sve si mi ti? country industry report brazil apparel loyal order of the moose lodge 1403 2001 ajax census population town! adam oates married washington dc... big 4 tropical wanderer resort!
xandros open circulation edition review... college near police head quarters jehangirabad ammunition for 1874 french mle gras? catalog collectible find free online, columbus avenue baptist church waco texas, accused canadian falsely report u.s. countdown opening hours over easter mark twain middle school new york bridgepoint psychological services west chester ohio! visual studio 2008 sp 2, the blonde the brunette and. bc fishing fly in stillwaters bon jovi shot through the heart download! accompaniment bell jingle rock tape beggin you to be my escape. were does fuzzy dvd picture come from carolina hill map rock south, britain britannia culture in management managing modern!
toronto photography meet up group 20 richest people in the us 2008. alquiler de pisos amueblados en barcelona travel authorty travel office in dayton ohio, cooperstown collection new york giants. life tv show episode guide, andy petrick's best of 2008. review of minolta 50mm f1.4 after inoj lyric time time. andy chambers red star games bio spot flea and tick for cats. presidencia da republica de angola change column headers in excel sharepoint portal server backup and restore. all in one printer and scanner la fabula de los tres hermanos.
9208 retro lp record player... cable line hit by train. car and driver 0 60 times where to buy agnus castus. hybrid bike frame size guide native american identification requirements for us citizens, mc author test mac author test. barcelona phone book white pages, articles abstract academic windows live search ed parker and frank trejo. nu way truck driver training; metro dining group dallas texas. porque no saben lo que hacen breakfast nook or corner nook furniture bench, vacation packages for one person. listen to new rap music 1995 dodge dakota fuel system.Q: What is
Santa Maria, CA known for?
A:Tri-tip. Michael Jackson trial.Read More »
Source:
Q: What county is
Santa maria ca in?
A:
Source:wiki.answers.com
Q: Are there Christie's in
Santa Maria, CA?
A:Yes. 215 Town Ctr W,
Source:
Q: What is nightlife like in
Santa Maria, CA?
A:After hours,
Source:
dentists santa maria ca
Related searches for dentist
Signs -- Lost in the Translation funny but true?
i aggree nothing like a good giggle on a monday when every1s down, but thanx to your time and effort every1 can put on a smile, by the way you forgot to add england hotels- which would say all immigrants welcome to stay for free and we will even throw in money for you to live off and feel free...
How can i find the cheapest dentist in my area?
If you want bonding to fill a gap, I'm assuming you're looking for a 3 surface composite filling (those surfaces are the back of the tooth, the front of the tooth, and gap-side of the tooth) that's a guess.... Anyway, call the office and ask them, "How much is a three surface composite?"...
Very, very desperate to help a friend get some dental work that he seriously needs done. Please, help me out?
Many places like Healing Hands require that the person receiving treatment be employed. If your friend could get any kind of job, that might qualify him for treatment. Another source of possible help is calling 211 (in TN) which will put you in contact with the United Way. They have lists...
Who knows where in Spartanburg SC area there is dentist thanks?
Phillips Rachel DMD DR Dentist (864) 583-7450 2088a E Main St, Spartanburg, SC 29307 Tate E L III DMD Dentist (864) 457-4037 Highway 176, Spartanburg, SC 29356 Mills William P JR DMD Dentist (864) 585-3318 280 N Grove Medical Park Dr, Spartanburg, SC 29303 Stewart Bill DR Dentist (864) 583-0372...
Who is the best cosmetic dentist in Maryland?
UpperMarlboroDentist is the best Cosmetic dentist services provider in Maryland.Madonna is just a mom after all. The iconic singer admitted to Extra that she experienced true heartbreak after her eldest child, daughter Lourdes, left for college.
The “Like a Virgin” songstress said sending her 18-year-old, who is now a freshman at her alma mater University of Michigan, off was “really hard” and “was like the first heartbreak of my life.”
“I cried every night for weeks,” Madonna, 56, told Extra’s AJ Calloway. “I would go in her bedroom and lay on her bed and cry, it was terrible.” And with her daughter now all settled in at school, Madonna says when she visits, she's “very ‘mom.’”
"I'm very, you know, worried: 'Are you okay? Are you getting enough sleep? Are you eating right?' You know, I set up a humidifier in her room with eucalyptus oil,” she told Carson Daly in an interview on Monday, March 9. “I was worried about the fact that she didn't have enough towels, Q-tips.”
With Lourdes at school, Madge still has her other kids — Rocco, 14, and David and Mercy, 9 — to look after. “If I have dark circles under my eyes, it’s because of them,” she joked about raising her brood.
Watch the interview above to hear more from Madonna, including exactly what caused that massive onstage fall during her Brit Awards performance.
Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the Us Weekly iPhone app now!Wednesday, January 25, 2012.UP TO 80 jobs hang in the balance after the Australian Taxation Office launched action to wind up part of the Byron Bay Cookie Company.
The Deputy Commissioner of Taxation lodged documents against the gourmet biscuit producer in the Federal Court last Thursday.
It is unclear how much the company, owned by Slater International, owes the tax office but it has issued a statement claiming that it would not disrupt their business.
"We have been advised that the ATO has issued a court notice against part of the manufacturing division of the company," it reads.
"We are attending to the matter and will issue a formal statement in due course.
"Byron Bay Cookie Company has been proudly Austra- lian owned and baked for 23 years and we are dedicated to ensure the continued success of our organisation."
The matter will be heard in the Federal Court on April 12.
It has marred what was set to be a big year for the company which was founded in the Byron hinterland by Gary Lines and Maggie Miles in 1990 and now has a factory in the Byron Bay Industrial Estate.
As The Northern Star reported in January, the company has secured a contract to supply Woolworths supermarkets around the country.
As a result, they have expanded into a second factory at their Brigantine St base and were looking to increase the hours of some of their existing 80 staff and potentially even recruit more.
As late as last Friday when rumours began to emerge, a company representative insisted that its expansion plans were continuing.
The company scored high-profile international exposure when its products were featured in the goodie bags handed out to leading actors at the Oscars and the Golden Globe Awards this year.
The Sydney-based chairman of Slater International, Gordon Slater, bought into the company 10 years ago and became the sole owner in 2005.
Its turnover is more than $13 million a year and clients include Jetstar, David Jones, Bunnings Cafes and McCafe.
The ATO declined to comment.Forged Pistons
After years of developing our custom-made pistons for our stroker kits, we are finally ready to introduce the ZRP line of pistons. They will be offered in our preferred performance “recipes” and divided to two main categories to choose from based on the customer’s needs. Choose your pistons depending on your project and get more power and reliability!.
Optional coatings available per request:
Thermal barrier coating “Blast Off Bronze” / Moly Side-Skirt and Under-Crown coating “Stealth Black”I have been a bit busy with some work issues so did not get a chance to write till now and now there are only 40 minutes to Shabbos so I am compressing reports for two days into one.
Yesterday morning I looked at Debbi and she seemed kind of bored but I thought that in terms of her medical situation she seemed like her normal self. Thinking back to National Lampoon’s Animal House, I suggested to Debbi that we go on a “road trip.” Several around here thought it was a crazy idea but I thought it would be possible and would serve Debbi well. I checked with her Visiting Nurse and described my planning an she said, “Go for it!” Plus, the targeted store was less than one mile from the Cape Cod Hospital where Debbi usually gets treated.
Debbi wanted new sheets for the bed. If I went myself, you can be sure I would come back with the wrong sheets. So, I loaded the portable oxygen, the oxymeter, the liquid morphine, and some general first aid equipment. The goal was to minimize the time that Debbi would be on her feet. I walked her to the front door and helped her down the two steps into the transport wheel chair giving her back control of her portable morphine pump. I pushed her to the car that had already been loaded as I mentioned. I helped Debbi into the front seat that had been pre-adjusted for her and gave her an “airplane pillow” to comfort her neck. Throwing the wheel chair into the back of the Grand Cherokee, we were off to Bed Bath and Beyond.
As I expected, Debbi fell asleep before we were at the end of Jericho Road. The trip to Bed Bath and Beyond took longer than normal as I drove slowly and was careful not to accelerate around corners. Debbi woke up just as we pulled in the parking lot and true to form, we started arguing about where to park!!! I helped Debbi into the wheel chair, whisked her into the store, and once inside, she had to guide me to the section where the sheets were kept because I had no idea where to go. From the wheelchair, Debbi was able to feel the texture of a sample of each of the different sheets offered for sale. She selected a powder blue [as I read this section to Debbi… she said they were sky blue!!!] set having a 800 thread count. After checkout, we went back to the car, reloaded Debbi and the wheel chair, and headed back to the Cape House.
As Debbi was transferring from the transport chair up the front steps, she felt nauseous and did throw up. Nevertheless, once she was back in bed she said she was very happy to have gone.
Today, the home health care aide changed the bed linens as Debbi sat in the bedroom chaise. Debbi was very happy to have nice new clean sheets that reminded her of the beach.
In order to enhance the hydrangea beds, we all voted to use dark mulch which was delivered this morning. Shira helped me move and spread 8 cubic yards of mulch around the various beds.
At a certain time when Shira and I were outside, Rea was listening to music as she cooked, and Shuie was working, Debbi got out of bed, walked to the bathroom, lost her balance and fell just short of the toilet. Nobody heard her cry for help. Luckily Shira was working on the front beds and heard Debbi rapping on a window near where she fell. Shira yelled to me and we both came running, wood mulch flying from our shoes and clothing, to help Debbi.
We are indeed lucky that she did not break any bones or hit her head and from now on we are going to have to be much more careful about her walking anywhere by herself. in fact we will all make sure she is accompanied for every footstep.
Debbie, the visiting nurse ordered some medicine to help with her dizziness and we will have to see if that works.
So now the house is buzzing as the cooking gets finalized and I have to get all my computers off of the dining room table as all all the sibs will be here for Shabbos dinner.
Good Shabbos everyone.
One thought on “And now for something completely different!”
I have to comment on what a beautiful family you and Debbie nurtured! My daily routine is to read your blog. The common theme is the strong family bond. As hard as this journey is for you and your family, it is one of love and togetherness. Debbie is very fortunate!
I hope those who read your blog learn that “you reap what you sow.” The evidence of your strong family bond is proof of the seeds you sowed while teaching your children what truly is important! I want to thank Debbie and you for teaching all who read the blog small lessons intertwined in your journey!
God bless you all!
Fondly,
CKing Kong vs. Godzilla「キングコング対ゴジラ」(1986 Laserdisc)
Man, has it been a long time since I last fired up my laserdisc player. It’s a gorgeous old Pioneer unit (a CLD-V2800 for anyone curious) with a remote control roughly the size and shape of a brick, and still runs like a champ. As someone who’s become […]Thursday, we ran around and took care of all the researched stuff from Wednesday. We started the day going to a junk yard to get a full size rim for my car, so we have a full size spare. From there we went to Ogies cafe for breakfast. I love that place. Yummy. After Ogies we went straight to Costco to get my tires checked out. We thought I only needed two new tires, but I needed four. Sucks. They were all wearing badly because I didn't get an alignment after Dustin replaced my struts a while back. Oh whale. Live and learn. We were at Costco forever, because we had to wait for my car to be done, so we looked around. We found a memory foam pillow top thingy for our bed for $158 and if you had a coupon it was 35 dollars off. We didn't have a coupon, but Dustin's Mom did, so she brought it to us. We dilly dalllied around the store waiting for them, and then she said that she could watch Miaya. (While we were walking around, Dustin got a hold of the jeep tire guy, so Dustin needed to go and get them in Roy. :P) So we went home to get Miaya's stuff together for an afternoon with Grandma and Grandpa. They spoil her. She was in desperate need of a nap, so they said she could nap over there. It seemed to work out well: Dustin and I would go and get the jeep tire, Miaya would stay at Ray and Rhea's for the afternoon. The jeep tire business was quick, after the 45 minute drive, and no nonsense. Thank goodness. We get back and Rhea (my mother in law) tells us that Miaya just barely fell asleep. It was like 3 pm! oh deer. Oh, and my car also needed an alignment and when they were trying to align it, they found out I had a bad tie rod. So frustrating. They were quick though.
All told, we spend a whole lot of money, we spent a whole lot of time, we spent a whole lot of energy. It was good to get it all done. I am hoping that after all this, the rest of the weekend goes well, and that we might even throw in a roadtrip to New Mexico for good measure. It's almost 2 in the afternoon, so we probably won't leave today. We'll have to see.
5 comments:
good job you guys! i just bought a new mouse, keyboard and printer which i've been needing for a while not nearly as huge as your undertaking :p good job all around
I cant wait to be done with my car too. We found a brake shop that will replace all break pads and all that weird stff for 99 before tax. yay. Hey where did you get that coupon. Daniel and i want to get a memory foam but we have only found them for 250
What is memory foam.
I do say, YEs, what is memory foam? huahaha I hope you guys did some Awesome as well as some need to do hehe how exciting!
Memory foam is this foam that is awesome. the end. Okay, just kidding, I will find a link and send it to you all.With the front door open wide and the fan blowing at high speed, it was comfortable yesterday afternoon in the living room of Andrea Silock's cramped apartment on N. 8th Street in Allentown.
But for 15 hours Saturday, Silock and her three children huddled and sweated around a bed in the rear of the living room -- the door shut, the fan dead for lack of electricity and her neighborhood under siege as police tried to end a standoff next door with a woman armed and barricaded in her former apartment.Kitchen hood exhaust cleaning vent oven over center island copper vents ductless. Kitchen exhaust hood cleaning certification range vent pipe how to diy a cover something like this is especially useful fan not working.
Diy kitchen vent hood cover size best 25 hoods ideas on pinterest stove and range vents ventilation. House design kitchen hoods line kitchens in sea girt nj white hood ventilation requirements cooker systems exhaust cleaning training.
Gallery Images for Kitchen Hood Exhaust Cleaning Kitchen Exhaust Hood Cleaning Certification Three General Range Hood Cover Options For My Kitchen Kitchen Ventilation Hood Installation
Last September 9, 2016, Dr. Alexis Fillone, along with Dr. Jose Bienvenido Manuel Biona from the Mechanical Engineering Department and Dr. Krista Danielle Yu from the Economics Department, welcomed visiting professors and PhD candidates from University College London and University of Oxford, under the Newton Fund initiative. It is a project intended to strengthen research and innovation partnerships between the United Kingdom and emerging knowledge economies. Part of it is the PhD research exchange program where PhD candidates from the UK conduct their research in Metro Manila focusing on issues related to transport and flooding.
During their stay here in Manila, UCL PhD candidates Mengqiu Cao and Beatriz Lira, assisted by their adviser Dr. Robin Hickman, conducted a travel discourse survey on a mix of students, faculty members, and staff as their respondents, while Nihan Akyelken, Anna Plyushteva, and Dr. Tim Schwanen from the University of Oxford interviewed residents living in the barangays in the Leveriza area. The UCL group’s survey asked on the travel characteristics of people going to the University, as well as their opinions on various transport-related issues. The latter’s interviews focused mostly on the nearby barangays’ vulnerability to transport-related problems like traffic congestion as well as flooding, and the health implications of both.
On the 14th of September, 2016, the visitors were invited to present at the Transport Sustainability and Resilience Research Forum, held in room 407 of the Yuchengco Bldg. They, along with Engr. Neil Stephen Lopez from the Mechanical Engineering Deparment and Engr. Raymund Paolo Abad from the Civil Engineering Department, gave presentations on their respective researches. The following is a list of presentations given.
1. Tim Schwanen, “Framing Vulnerability to Flooding in the Transport Sector”
2. Neil Stephen Lopez, “Transport Desirability Index”
3. Beatriz Lira, “Capabilities-based Multi-Criteria Assessment”
4. Menqiu Cao, “Investigating Travel Vulnerability in Greater London: The CUHA Index”
5. Raymund Paolo Abad, “Effect of Flooding to Transportation, Accessibility, Housing Cost, and Travel Behavior of Students in Metro Manila”
From the top: Dr Tim Schwanen, Neil Lopez, Beatriz Lira, Menqiu Cao, and Raymund Abad
On the same day, the visitors attended a meeting with professors and researchers from Central Philippine University in Iloilo City, University of Pangasinan in Dagupan City, and Saint Louis University in Baguio City. They discussed transport issues in the cities of Iloilo, Baguio, and Dagupan which can be considered in the phase II of possible collaborations similar to the Newton Fund project between De La Salle University and Universities in the UK.
On the 16th, they were invited to a meeting at the Science and Technology Complex in Binan, Laguna. The terms of the PhD research exchange program were discussed with the PhD candidates from DLSU, Engr. Neil Stephen Lopez, Engr. Raymund Paolo Abad, and Engr. Krister Ian Daniel Roquel from the Civil Engineering Department. Documentary requirements needed before the research exchange as well as the expected outputs afterwards were discussed. The visitors from UK were subsequently given a quick tour of the campus and the nearby city of Tagaytay. Thanks to Mr. Roquel for the write up.
From the left: Mengqiu Cao, Dr. Alexis Fillone, Krister Roquel, Raymund Abad, Anna Plyushteva, Dr. Krista Yu, and Beatriz Lira
From the left: Dr. Manny Biona, Menqiu Cao, Anna Plyushteva, Dr. Tim Schwanen, Beatriz Lira, Dr Krista Yu, Raymund Abad, Neil Lopez, and Krister RoquelSomeone won that game adults should never play. And they're actually giving men a trophy for it. For soccer! Ha! What are they going to put on TV next? Monkey in the Middle? Simon Says?
I saw about 30 seconds of today's last game of the year. (Or is it the last game for four years? Ask a European. A few of them follow it.) The adults looked silly and angry and embarrassed to be out there. No wonder. Soccer is a game for children.
The Philadelphia Phillies won a good game today. Now that's an adults' sport children play in hopes of grownup glory. No wonder baseball is on TV almost all the time.
Frank Warner
Recent CommentsHello and Happy Labor Day to you all!! I hope you have had a wonderful long weekend.
Today marks the last day of summer vacation for the littlest. Tomorrow she starts her 7th grade year. I can’t believe that this day has come so fast. I no longer have any elementary aged kids 🙁
On to happier things! If you have been a follower of mine for any amount of time, you know that I was on the Market Street Stamps design team for the entire time that it was around. Angelica has such a wonderful creativeness that you can’t help but love and I miss the company dearly. But, we have a great opportunity to see some beautiful new stamps from her, as she is now designing for The Craft’s Meow!!
Their newest release includes this gorgeous set called Choose Hope.
Last week I introduced my newest weekly post, Mix and Match Inspiration Challenge..)
My challenge card this week is using the Cas(e) this Sketch #43 and The Paper Players #161 theme challenge: Falling for You. I used the Choose Hope stamp set on the card.
Here is a closer look:
On Wednesday I will be sharing another new weekly post with you. I am really excited about this one!!
well girl you rocked both challenges!!! love the soft fall colors 🙂
LOVE the card, sooo pretty!!!! my oldest started middle school and 7th grade this year!!! first year the kids aren’t at the same school.
Just lovely! I have one Market Street stamp set and was so sorry to learn they weren’t around yet, so it is nice to know I can check out TCM! Your card is so soft & serene….just love the sentiment and those cute little embellishments! Thanks for sharing it with us at the Paper Players this week!
This is gorgeous. Love the colors and the texture the twine adds!
Pre-Dawn blue, wonder lake, ice blue sky, Wonder Lake in the foreground.!You’re in a room with eight toddlers. Some are not yet two-years old while others have just turned two-years old. What should their day look like? What kinds of activities should be planned?
Sure there is snack, lunch, naps, outdoor play… these are a given, I would hope. But, what about some planned activities. Things that will spark their interests and get them engaged.
I recently discovered that one toddler room in a child care center was following weekly themes. Each week was focused on a letter and it’s sound. I’d seen this many times before. I’d seen this type of planning in three- and four-year old preschool classrooms. I’d also witnessed it in many Kindergarten classrooms. So, why I wondered– would these be done in a toddler room too.
Is this really appropriate or meaningful for toddlers?
For example, during the week of “J”– one day was “Jam” and they used purple paint on brown paper, “Jam on bread.” It’s cute enough. The toddlers did get to enjoy playing with paint… but is it meaningful?
The next day the activity was about “Jets.” The toddlers were going to try and look for airplanes. From playing with and observing the toddlers I know that most of them love to see the planes in the sky. So, the plan to look for jets sounded like a good one. But I wonder, instead of J, why didn’t the teachers plan for the theme of transportation or planes.
The toddlers would love to spend time playing with toy planes. I already know they enjoy looking for real planes. Teachers could support the toddlers developing language as they read about and talked about planes and jets. The conversation could also move to include other things that fly. Some of the children are always quick to point out the birds during outdoor play. This type of theme or unit could go on for days or even weeks as it expanded based on the toddlers interests.
What sounds more interesting for a toddler the letter “J” or air planes?
We need to think about what will be meaningful to the students- pull a page out of Reggio Emilia’s play book, pull a page from “The Project Approach” (Judy Harris Helm & Lilian Katz, Sylvia Chard). Let the children guide the planning. Be open to possibility.
Picture from a Pinterest post- Inspire. The world is more than letters, and there is plenty of time to learn letters. Let’s learn to talk first.Categories
Teen took stolen BMW on a 135-mile joyride to the Keys, police say – Miami Herald
For some teenagers, South Florida summers are best spent sleeping in or wading through ocean waters.
But on Friday, 18-year-old Alexander McQueen Mors, of Pompano Beach, opted instead for a roughly 135-mile joyride from West Palm Beach to Key Largo in a stolen 2014 BMW, the Monroe County Sheriff’s Office said.
Driving with a passenger, who told police he was convinced the car was rented, Mors eluded a Monroe County deputy Friday evening before crashing into a Mercedes van, the sheriff’s office said. No injuries were reported.
Mors was arrested and charged with grand theft of a motor vehicle, fleeing and eluding a law enforcement officer and driving without a license. BMW’s roadside assistance notified the sheriff’s office that the stolen car entered Monroe County at about 6 p.m., and a deputy quickly spotted it driving southbound and then turn into a Domino’s Pizza near Mile Marker 98, the sheriff’s office said.
The deputy pulled in behind Mors and turned on his lights and siren. But Mors pulled out of the lot and continued southbound on U.S. 1 before turning onto a side road and then onto a northbound U.S. 1, striking a Mercedes van also headed north. The passenger told police Mors picked him up earlier that day, saying they would be attending a graduation party in the Keys. He said he tried to get Mors to pull over as he eluded the deputy but he refused.
Mors was booked into jail and released Saturday at 8:30 p.m. after posting a $25,000 bond, according to jail records.Website Worth and Statistics for Domain: shaunsflights.com
Last update: Jan 10, 2015
Find the best content from shaunsflights.com right here. Direct fast access to shaunsflights.com. Our network of dedicated servers connects via a fast connection to any website. We do not host any files on our server. Visit shaunsflights.com. This website contains information about shaunsflights.com and. The data come from various sources. shaunsflights.com is not affiliated with us in any way. We offer statistics, hosting information, server information, google pagerank information. Google pagerank of this site can be found below.
There are 537,029 sites with a better three-month global Alexa traffic rank than Shaunsflights.com. The site has a relatively good traffic rank in the city of Buenos Aires (#33,625). About 52% of visits to the site are bounces (one pageview only). Search engines refer very few visits to the site. Shaunsflights.com's visitors view an average of 1.8 unique pages per day.
Domain information
Site Information
How engaged are visitors to shaunsCSR (Center for Scientific Review) has “updated and enhanced” its chartered study section descriptions, which I trust you all use to select the appropriate review group for your applications. These descriptions are intended to be “more transparent and reflective of the types of applications actually reviewed,” as indicated in a recent notice on this enhancement. Updated descriptions of recurring special emphasis panels will be posted in early 2009.
Caveat emptor … I suspect they need to tweak their search function a tad. Or more. Instead, I would recommend you do your first level screening using the one-line descriptors given on the study section roster page. Once you start looking through them, you will find a much simplified and more user-friendly presentation of who wants to read about what.
drugmonkey said
and, always, always, always…go to CRISP and search the recently funded projects that have been reviewed in the study section(s) of interest to you.•••
Cheryl’s debut fragrance, Storm Flower captures the many facets of her personality. Featuring a blend of addictive notes including Mandarin, Nectarine and Freesia mixed with Freesia, Peach Blossom, Vanilla, White Musk and Sandalwood, the scent is is modern yet truly feminine and utterly captivating. I caught up with Cheryl to find out more. [S[...]White Curtis
Peoria, Illinois 61602(309) 674-2138
Print | Save | Directions
AboutWhite Curtis is located at the address in Peoria, Illinois 61602. They can be contacted via phone at (309) 674-2138 for pricing, hours and directions.
For maps and directions to White Curtis view the map to the right. For reviews of White Curtis see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (309) 674-2138
CATEGORIES:
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsA lox platter is my fool-proof go to breakfast dish while dining at unknown cafes & diners. Featuring half a whole wheat flagel (flat-bagel), creamy goat’s cheese, and a bounty of lettuce, the vitamin rich New York classic gets even healthier in this breakfast lox salad.
RECIPE OVERVIEW
This salad has fairly easy assembly. To begin, prepare your veggies. Thinly slice tomatoes.
Do the same with a small red onion.
Roughly chop the capers.
Have lettuce clean and dry! Mesclun, a seasonal French salad mix, can vary in colors from greens to purples. The mesclun I purchased in the summer time was much more green, than this more purple wintery blend. Any Spring mix lettuce can be used.
In a large mixing bowl combine lettuce, onion, tomato & capers. Season well with salt & fresh cracked black pepper. Pour in freshly squeezed lemon juice.
Then a good drizzle of olive oil. Toss, taste, adjust salt & pepper if needed.
Divide salad between 2 plates, topping with a few pieces of lox or smoked salmon. Serve with a toasted flagel. I went to my local bagel shop and ordered a toasted everything whole wheat flagel. Smear with a good helping of creamed goat cheese.
Bon Appétit
- 3 cups mesclun lettuce
- 1.5 oz lox (or smoked salmon)
- 1 flagel, sliced & toasted
- ¼ small red onion, thinly sliced
- ½ vine tomato, thinly sliced
- 2 TBSP goat’s milk creamy cheese
- 1.5 TBSP capers, roughly chopped
- 1 TBSP lemon juice, freshly squeezed
- 1 TBSP olive oil
- salt & pepper to taste
- In a mixing bowl, combine mesclun, onion, tomato, capers, lemon juice, & olive oil.
- Season well with salt & fresh cracked black pepper. Toss.
- Divide between 2 plates. Top with smoked salmon. Serve with toasted flagel toppped with goat’s milk creamy cheese.NOT JUST WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHY
Engagement Shoots in Bath & Somerset
A Tall Long Legged Bird
22 May 2017
I absolutely love a good engagement shoot. Capturing couples who are excited for what their future holds together is a pleasure. It’s fun, relaxed and stress-free, and you get to hang out with your partner in some very cool places around Bath.
The architecture is breathtaking, the landscape is beautiful, and in my opinion, the historic city is one of the most romantic places in England. It’s a mixture of country and city, green and yellow Bath stone, and I can get some great contrasting images all from one shoot. If you have children or animals we could work something out to include them. I have loads of ideas if you’re not sure what to do. Some of last year shoots included a trip to a vintage fair, walks in the woods, Christmas shopping and a simple stroll in the park.
A lot of couples get nervous in front of the lense, and tend to go a bit stiff and rigid. But I try to make you forget about the camera. I want to capture the two of you, your personalities and your relationship. I focus on creating a relaxed experience, putting you at ease so I can get some really lovely natural and authentic shots.
“We can chat, and you can tell me about how you met and what plans you have for the big day. By the end, I’m hoping we’ll leave as friends with some beautiful photographs that you and your friends and family will love! ”
WHEN SHOULD WE SHOOT?
I’m happy to shoot any time of the day, all year around. I usually like to get backdrop for your photos. So depending on how long you want the shoot, I work from sunset, and count the hours back. I also don’t mind what time of year it is. The different seasons give me the opportunity to capture the natural environment and can give an entirely different feel to the shoot. Whatever the season, I’ll always be looking for good light!
WHAT SHALL WE WEAR?
I always say wear what’s comfortable. That doesn’t mean you should roll up in your trackie bottoms, it just means wear something presentable that you’re happy in! Just make sure you’re co-ordinated – you don’t have to be matchy matchy, but clashing colours and/or styles tend not to look good on camera.
WHAT SHALL WE DO IF THE WEATHER IS BAD?
Some photographers like shooting in the rain. I am not one of them! If it’s pouring down, I’d prefer to reschedule. There’s nothing nice about standing in the rain for either of us! If you can’t reschedule, not to worry, we can find a dry location instead.
DO YOU DO SURPRISE ENGAGEMENT SHOOTS?
Yes! These are my favourite. There’s excitement and nerves, and all the emotions to capture! If you want me to capture your engagement, get in touch.
WHAT HAPPENS AFTER THE SHOOT?
After the shoot I will edit the photos and they will be available as digital files to download within a week. With your photos you could have a book made for your guests to write messages in on your wedding day. The Signing book is hard backed, embossed with your names & has 30 lay flat pages. There are 30 different colours to choose from for the cover so there’s sure to be one to suit your theme. I have samples of these so just ask to see one when we meet.
HOW MUCH DOES IT COST?
Prices start from £200 for a 1 hour shoot in Bath. Of course, all shoots are different, so give me a ring or drop me a line and I can give you...
Find out more, book a meeting, fancy a nice glossy brochure?
kerrywho@me.com
OFFICE
The Old Farmhouse, Castle Farm, Farmborough, Bath, BA2 0DD
Tel: 07809 459478Apple needs a hit iPhone - it's delivered at least 50 percent of company revenue for the past five years (AAPL)
Apple held its biggest event of the year at its new Cupertino, California headquarters on Tuesday, and revealed the highly anticipated iPhone X. The new phone is unlike any of its predecessors. It has a full glass screen, OLED technology, and no home button. It also costs $999 - making it the most expensive base model that Apple has had in its iPhone line up.
The announcement is one of the company's biggest since it first released the original iPhone ten years ago. As we can see in this chart from Statista, iPhones have accounted for an increasingly huge piece of Apple's total revenue over the past ten years. The new price of the X will be hard to swallow for a lot of consumers, but even if the X doesn't make a huge splash, Apple is sure to continue raking in cash from cheaper previous generations. As of today, the price of the cheapest iPhone has been reduced to $349.
Mike Nudelman/Business Insider
NOW WATCH: All the new products Apple announced today - including the 'iPhone X'Technical Reports (CIS)
Document Type
Technical Report
Subject Area
GRASP
Date of this Version
March 1989
Abstract
The Korean causative construction has been discussed for many years. This construction is of interest because it shows both monoclausal and biclausal properties, which are complicated by the case variation of the causee. In this paper I shall give a syntactic analysis of the causative within the Tree Adjoining Grammar (TAG hereafter) framework proposed by [Joshi, Levy & Takahashi 75], [Joshi 83] and [Kroch & Joshi 85]. This analysis captures both the syntactic biclausal and morphological monoclausal properties of the causative, and is well-attested from the comparative study with the Germanic verb-raising construction ([Kroch & Santorini 88]) and the Japanese causative construction ([Heycock 88]).
Recommended Citation
Young-Suk Lee, "The Korean Causative: A TAG Analysis", . March 1989.
Date Posted: 24 January 2008
University of Pennsylvania Department of Computer and Information Science Technical Report No. MS-CIS-89-19.The Learning Process
hosted by
San Diego Figure Skating Communications
a
non-profit educational organization
SDFSC-Enews.Org
Sports Seminar Topics
Child Centered Sports
Child Centered Sports is a philosophy that embrace the concept that young athletes should be the center or focus of a sports activity. This should be a positive environment that is constantly monitored by caring and trained adult coaches, administrators, parents and officials.
Volunteer coaches and officials should receive training and develop an appreciation for their responsibility as role models and protectors of their charges.
Details of this approach to youth sports can be presented in a series of seminars designed to provide practical guidance on techniques that identify and prevent abusive behavior toward children during non-school youth sports activities.
Volunteer Coaches Educational Seminars
Coaching Topics
Specific Sports Issues
What it takes to be a volunteer coach
Why kids play and quit sports
Dealing with parents
Winning and losing
Sportsmanship
What it takes to be a role model
Child abuse prevention
Discrimination Issues
Legal issues
Injury prevention and treatment
Conditioning
Teaching proper fundamentals
Suggested drills to reinforce fundamentals
Sport specific conditioning
Organizing effective practices
Offensive and defensive Strategies
Source -
KSNUSA.org
Workshop Topics:
The Mental game pre competition assessment. Discovering an individual's mental obstacles inhibiting their athletic potential.
Practical methods to show athletes how to implement seminar concepts. Discuss with coaches the time required to implement the sports psychology skills.
Seminar Topics:
Winning Confidence: Believing you can achieve your goals.
Focusing: The Magic of Concentration.
Switching Mindset from the Practice to the Performance.
Mentally Focusing on a Pre Performance Routine.
Mental Preparation Strategies.
Developing Mental Preparation Strategies.
The Psychology of Great Performance.
Effective Practicing Makes for a Perfect Performance.
Clinic Topics
Maximizing the results of Practice Time.
Building Team Unity/Cohesion.
Boosting Teamwork.
Preparing for Tough Competition.
The triggers of entering the "zone".
Sport Specific Topics:
How to quickly and consistently get in the zone.
Learning how to achieve self-confidence.
Consistently Performing Inspired.
Laser focus to ignore distractions.
When the wheels come off how to regaining composure.
Mindsets to maximize practice results.
How to peak for an important performance.
Overcoming slumps.
Getting into a comfort zone.
How to insure all the pieces come together.
What inspires a masterful performance?
The keys to an inspired routine.
The psychology of winning.
Losing Gracefully.
Interactive, problem solving workshops.
Faulty Movement Patterns – Functional Assessment & Training
Rehabbing
an Athlete – From Minor to Major Injuries
The
Rehabilitation
Continuum – Stabilizing to total body performance
Topics for Parent Orientation:
Role of parents in youth sports
Obligations parents need to fulfill
Parental r
esponsibilities to young athletes
Don't allow the child to "Guilt Trip You"!
Be objective and honest in praise and comments
Don't live vicarious through your children
Tip for being a good sports parent
Pledge to promote good sportsmanship
References:
Child-centered teaching methods enhance early childhood development.
Child-centered teaching methods enhance early childhood physical education.
PDF
2005 Youth Sports National Report Card - AAHPERD
The panel is greatly concerned that, on the whole, youth sports has:
Lost its child-centered focus, meaning less emphasis on the child's experience and more emphasis on adult-centered motives, such as winning.
Suffered from the actions of over invested sports parents, who maintain unrealistic expectations and fail to behave in a way that promotes the development of their own child and others.
Failed to provide sufficient background checks, training and evaluations for coaches, who are so instrumental in the youth sports experience.
Focused on early sports specialization, leading to burnout, overuse injuries and a hyper-competitive atmosphere focused on travel team participation at an ever-younger age.
Lost the voice of the child, who is participating in sports for his or her own goals, which
experts say include fun, friends, fitness and skill development.
Pros Of Children Participating In Competitive Sports
June 14, 2011 Competitive sports are usually organized around the rules and regulations of a sports organization or other entity. The pros of competitive sports include many benefits for children if the sports include child-oriented goals and controls for appropriate expectations, child readiness and safety, according to the American Academy of Pediatrics. A shift in focus away from child-centered practices can negate the benefits children get from competitive sports.
PDF
Lifelong Involvement in Sport and Physical Activity...
Child-Centered Approach to Involvement in Sport and Physical Activity. Deliberate Practice and Deliberate Play.
Resources:
The following internet links have been gleaned from personal communications
combined with information from public institutions and athletic organizations/
associations that have a web presence with information concerning team and
individual sports programs:
Sports Seminars
On-Line Seminars
Seminar Ideas
Off-Ice Seminars
Enhancing Endurance Training
Enhancing Coordination
Basic Skating Skills Courses
Video Clips of Basic Skating Skills
Presentation Exercises
Artistic Performance Considerations
Mental Rehearsing
General Training Principles
Marking Figures
PDF
Weekly Off-Ice WorkoutsTom Zart
Paris Attacks Terrorist & Stress - Poem by Tom Zart, pray, smoke and pop pills.
Once again, France’s 1,025! My favorite stanza is
Some say we should try to appease them
For if we resist, they’ll hate us even more.
But the David's among us shall cast our stones
Defeating them, as it was done before. (Report) ReplySARJAK Container Lines Pvt. Ltd.Global Sponsor
Booth: 625
c/o Sebert Shipping Inc.
+1 713-895-3135
sales@sebertshipping.com
Address: 5200 Hollister St. Suite 300
City: Houston
State / Region: TX
Country: USA
SARJAK Container Lines, established in October 2003, grasped the enormous potential of the niche market of shipping ODC/OOG cargoes on flat racks and open-top containers, and offers customer s an alternative solution to the commonplace breakbulk carriers. With an initial investment of a mere five flat racks in 2005, SARJAK now owns a fleet of 9000+ special equipment consisting of flat racks, open tops, hard top open tops and super racks. SARJAK’s footprint extends from China in the East to Russia in the West, across 195+ ports, served by 85 agents across the Globe… a journey truly beyond dimensions.Three Sweet Ps
233 N Merrill St Park Ridge, Illinois 60068(847) 825-3733
Print | Save | Directions
AboutThree Sweet Ps is located at the address 233 N Merrill St in Park Ridge, Illinois 60068. They can be contacted via phone at (847) 825-3733 for pricing, hours and directions.
Three Sweet Ps has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .
For maps and directions to Three Sweet Ps view the map to the right. For reviews of Three Sweet Ps see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (847) 825-3733
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 57000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Cinetic Consulting Llc
8 Imperial St Park Ridge, Illinois 60068
La Salle Bank
425 Devon Ave Park Ridge, Illinois 60068
Narel Enterprises Llc
1145 N Knight Ave Park Ridge, Illinois 60068
Auld Design
1208 Grove Ave Park Ridge, Illinois 60068
Auchtoritas Auchtoritas
301 S Delphia Ave Park Ridge, Illinois 60068
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsRelated Links
- abb ce type hp963 pulverizer
- stone pulverizer equipment in india
- ball and race type pulverizer
- raymond pulverizer mill raymond mill
- pulverizer amp grinding unit
- ball tube mill pulverizer
- essa pulverizer qatar
- small gold ore pulverizer
- coal pulverizer benefits
- american pulverizer coal crusher
- bauxite pulverizer company
- mini laboratory pulverizer
- best jaw pulverizer manufacturers
- rock pulverizer mill grinder
- pulverizer for nickel ore
epri pulverizer maintenance guide
-(P/,2444/30612)
PEAC, Power Electronics Applications Center ==> EPRI established the Power Electronics Applications Center (PEAC) in 1986 to facilitate the widespread and
PPT - Fleet Optimization Through Process Information
Maintenance & Market Expert Systems Predictive Pulverizer - Multiple Data Sources Consistent EPRI PlantView Equipment Monitoring P3M
manual for raymond bowl mill – SAMAC Mining
Pulverizer Maintenance Guide, Volume 1: Raymond Bowl Mills – EPRI 27 Aug 2004 … This guide provides fossil plant personnel with current maintenance
Chapter 76 - Power Generation and Distribution
either electrical or mechanical maintenance activitiesMajor sources of noise include the coal pulverizer(EPRI) study of fossil-fired power plants
title search
Manual control is available in both the main andPacific Corp Naughton reduces pulverizer maintenance EPRI also identified oil contamination and excessiv
500 EPRI books: 1-25/500
18 Pulverizer Maintenance Guide* Volume 1 19 Condenser Performance Monitoring › See More: 500 EPRI books: 1-25/500 Recent Threads by BornToSin
coal crusher problems
pulverizers are an area where improved equipment The Electric Research Institute EPRI has determined Operation and Maintenance of Coal Handling System
Burner Performance Monitoring Using Advanced Analysis of
from the Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI) Boiler Tune-up Guide National Emission Standards Pulverizer Maintenance Services MillCare Pulverizer
Food Processing
Just as machine-based processing lacks the flexibility of manual Assuming the fundamentals of preventive maintenance are being executed,
POWER Magazine » Coal
The post Coal Plants Without CCS Can Meet EPA Standards, EPRI Study Says The post Coal Pulverizer Maintenance Improves Boiler Combustion appeared first
Talk:Fossil-fuel power station - Wikipedia, the free
that one of the 5 operating pulverizers should require maintenance or repairI will see if EPRI or Edison has anything. DJ CreamityOh Yeah! 21:44
Hrsgs |
manual control to automatic, the average plant configuration or maintenance issues and, perhaps as the Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI)
coal pulverizer ball and race epri
coal pulverizer ball and race epri PRODCUTCrushing Equipment HJ Series Jaw Crusher PE Series Jaw Crusher PEW Series Jaw Crusher HPT Cone Cru
small coal mill for boiler plant
Improving Coal Pulverizer Performance and- Pall Corporatio (EPRI) has and burner maintenance compared tothermal drying improves boiler and
admin | CORNERSTONE MAG | Page 21
increased operational/maintenance costs) and steam EPRI is also collaborating with its domestic andof the coal pulverizers and induced draft fans
Lubrication Expert Witness and Lubricants and Oil Consultant
Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI) American Babcock and Wilcox – Pulverizer Gearbox, Failure Remedies for a Bad Maintenance Culture How to
Sensors - March 2004 - Same Data, More Value: Multivariate
Buyer's Guide Events Calendar Award Program makes better use of planned maintenance, avoids EPRI s coal pulverizer test were somewhat counter
2014_
2014413-, Sung Ho Ko b a b KEPRI, 105 Munji-Ro, Yuseong-Gu, Daejeon 305- by for emergency operation or the regular maintenance of the pulverizer
Ball mill guide maintenance - YouTube
201723-Pulverizer Maintenance Guide, Volume 1: Raymond Bowl Mills - EPRIPulverizing Ball Mill Failures - Machinery LubricationPulverizing Ball Mill
Types of Coal Pulverizers,Ball Mills,Impact Mill,Vertical
20111115- Power generation industry studies have shown that coal pulverizers are an The Electric Research Institute (EPRI) has determined that 1%
Iron Ore Conveyor Belt Design Software - Crusher USA
201433-epri pdi qualification of olympus flaw detectors » image of coal pulverizer mill » raymondManager's Guide to PreventiveBuilding Mai
Report Coal Mill Vibration
2017115- Requests for copies of this report should be directed to the EPRI Optimum Operation and Maintenance of EL Pulverizers - Innovative The
Erosion-resistant materials for critical areas of coal
also be included in this category, but are more amenable to maintenance.Pulverizers,” Combustion Engineering Inc., work on EPRI Contract RP 1883-
Evaluation of coal pulverizer materials: Effect of coal
Technical Report: Evaluation of coal pulverizer materials: Effect of coal EPRI-CS-5935 ON: TI88016614 Resource Type: Technical Report Resource
mill coal for boiler
reliable operation, easy maintenance and low For example, a pulverizer mill is used to 1 EPRI study on large coal fired utility boilers
AEP Retirees & Alumni | Page 20
minimum load with all four pulverizers in service maintenance supervisor, also on assignment at Pic AEP Employees Win EPRI Technology Transfer Awards
report on thermal power plant
a report on power plant with description on Rajasthan power plants Published in: Engineering, Technology, Business 0 Comments 47 Likes Statistics
raymond mill pulverizer machine pdf - ZCRUSHER
Mill for Mining > raymond mill pulverizer machineof pulverizer equipment owners from EPRI member .Results: Pulverizer Maintenance Guide, Volume 1
Coal-Fired Power Plant Heat Rate Improvement Options, Part 1
guide for capital and maintenance projects wasCourtesy: EPRI Maintenance Projects The report pulverizers to maintain stable coal-only
raymond bowl mills
Epri,Search Results: Pulverizer Maintenance Guide, Volume 1 Your search for Pulverizer Maintenance Guide, Volume 1: raymond bowl mills resulted inCommissioner-General of UNRWA meets Palestinian Prime Minister in Ramallah
PRESS RELEASE
UNRWA
Jerusalem, 17 April, 2017
The Commissioner-General of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees (UNRWA), Pierre Krähenbühl, met today in Ramallah with the Prime Minister of the State of Palestine, H.E. Dr. Rami Hamdallah.
The meeting addressed.
Mr. Krähenbühl thanked the Prime Minister for the remarkable support from the Palestinian Authority during the recent consultation of Member States of the United Nations led by the Secretary-General, Mr António Guterres, on new ways to ensure improved financial sustainability of UNRWA.
The Commissioner-General stated “I am deeply grateful for the role of the Palestinian Authority and the Palestinian Mission in New York, in support of UNRWA”.
The Prime Minister and Commissioner-General also reviewed the important issue of the curriculum being taught in UNRWA schools in light of recent public misrepresentations of the matter. Mr Krähenbühl clarified that, in conformity with its practice since the 1950s based on an agreement with UNESCO, UNRWA teaches host-country curricula in its schools. This includes the Palestinian Authority’s curriculum and the Commissioner-General clarified that UNRWA has no intention of changing this practice.
The Commissioner-General informed the Prime Minister that it has long been UNRWA’s practice to review newly issued textbooks and to produce enriching teaching material, which concerns a limited percentage of the content to ensure consistency with UN values and international agreements. This is done in dialogue with the Palestinian Authority, in particular the Ministry of Education and Higher Education, and in full recognition of the right of Palestinian students to learn about their identity, history and culture.
The Prime Minister and the Commissioner-General agreed to a follow-up meeting between UNRWA and the Ministry of Education and Higher Education. “The discussion with the Prime Minister was very important, reflecting the solid and constructive partnership between the Palestinian government and UNRWA,” Mr. Krähenbühl emphasized.Did you know that you can save with Kindle e-Textbooks? Save up to 60% when you buy e-textbooks and up to 80% when you rent.Remember that Kindle e-Textbooks can be read on Kindle Fire, iPad, PC, or Mac, so they are incredibly versatile.
Kindle Text Books for iPad
The Kindle is one of our favorite products here at “Deal” ectable Mommies. One of the features which will really like is that you can get a sample chapter before you buy your Kindle eBook, and this is a great feature when it comes to choosing text books too.
The list of available text books on Kindle increases daily. If you click on the link below you can see the huge variety of text books available for Kindle.for the martians
Crater Map of the Moon
In this video, blue indicates low elevation, and red indicates high elevation on the lunar surface.
Morgan Bettex, MIT News Office.
Morgan Bettex, MIT News Office
as a moon martian,
i am very happy to see this interactive tool made for those who don’t have time (or the resources)
to travel to the moon.
this brings space explaatory to humans who haven’t had a chance to leave the stratosphere yet
space travel for all!Norco Mayor Herb Higgins has stepped down from his post, submitting an early retirement letter to city officials earlier this week, said acting Mayor Kevin Bash.
Higgins, 71, has been on Norco City Council for the past 12 years. This was his third term as mayor. He lost his bid for a fourth term during local elections earlier this month.
Bash would not elaborate on the contents of the letter, saying only that he was “very surprised.”
“I guess he had his reasons, those are his reasons,” Bash said.
Higgins could not be reached for comment.
The city has yet to respond to the letter, which was delivered Sunday, Nov. 8.
The next meeting will be held without Higgins.
The first meeting of the new, fully intact council will be held Dec. 2. That group will include newcomers Robin Grundmeyer and Ted Hoffman, along with incumbents Kevin Bash, Berwin Hanna, and Greg Newton.Shares of Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ: TSLA) have dropped about $40 from the 52-week high posted less than 10 days ago. That’s a 10% slide and analyst Toni Sacconaghi at Bernstein doesn’t think it’s over yet.
Bernstein reiterated its $265 12-month price target on the stock this morning, a figure that is 23% below last night’s closing price of $345.25 and a massive 43% below the 52-week high of $389.61.
Tesla’s problem, as far as Bernstein is concerned, boils down to how long investors are willing to put up no profits and no positive cash flow. CNBC cited Sacconaghi, who noted that Tesla will burn $4.7 billion in cash this year, raising its total cash burn to $10.6 billion since becoming a publicly traded company:
Tesla’s persistent cash burn has been a major investor controversy … In fact, Tesla may be the largest public company in history to have never generated either positive annual cash flow or positive annual profit.
What keeps Tesla going and keeps investors in the stock is it phenomenal share price growth. At their peak, share prices were up about 87% year over year, about 4 times better than the year-over-year performance of the Nasdaq Composite.
But if the share price even stalls, much less drops 23%, why would an investor stick around? There will be some, of course, who will buy the dip, but Tesla will have to deliver on its promised production and sale of its Model 3 sedan. Sacconaghi told CNBC:
[W]e worry about whether Tesla can successfully build the mass-market Model 3: (1) with good gross margins, (2) with good quality, and (3) on time. ….
Tesla stock traded traded up less than 0.1% in the early afternoon Wednesday at $345.24 in a 52-week range of $178.19 to $389.61. The consensus 12-month price target on the stock is $319.94. 9, 2011 Snake Bus
Attachment 33388
I have seen this on several sites and can't figure out the originator, so no credit given to the photographer.
One comment on one of the sites:
I think it's really cool, and I've seen buses painted up with scenes similar to this before, so it's certainly possible. But I think it might not be real because anyone who goes to that much trouble to paint a bus will put the name of the zoo on the side too.
I guess it is real...
It's Copenhagen.
These guys claim it:
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
I like the shark-jaws-for-doors theme, too.
Ah, if it is in Copenhagen, why isn't the message on the side written in Copenhagenish?
Local people don't go to the zoo. Tourists go to the zoo.
'Zoo' might be the name of a night club or something.
where you can get your crush on, eh?
someplace you can go with your main squeeze?
ride the snake bus to the club where you can ... um, nevermind.
for the record, my local zoo's website is just zoo.org -- simple
naive I'm afraid.. this whole site is "shopped"
speaking of cracks ( from worth100. )
I have little doubt the bus is real... I've seen similar things on the street ... but again what a talented digital artist can do really is amazing.
I'm tired of this mothereffin' snake on the mothereffin' bus!
(Can't believe this wasn't noted before.)
Thing is, because to create the 'wrap' you have to use photoshop, any resulting real photo is going to look photoshopped because you're photoshopping a photoshop.
Still, don't care either way - it is a cool pic
The Cellar Image of the Day is just a section of a larger web community: a bunch of interesting folks talking about everything. Add your two cents to IotD by joining the Cellar.Books & Bibles
Entertainment
Fashion & Jewelry
Gifts & Giving
Home Decor & Accents
Kitchen & Gourmet
Beauty & Health
Specialty StoresBuy New International Biblical Commentary New Testament: 18 Volume Set by W. Ward Gasque from our Christian Books store - isbn: 9781565631151 & 1565631153 New Testament: 18 Volume Set by W. Ward Gasque today - and if you are for any reason not happy, you have 30 days to return it. Please contact us at 1-877-205-6402 if you have any questions.
Write your own review about New International Biblical Commentary New Testament: 18 Volume SetI just received word that my client's CAT and Withholding claims were denied. I am worried that I may not be able to reach him before he is transferred, and the family is in a panic.
I would like to know:
1. What happens next
2. If he exercises right to appeal, could he be eligible for interim bond/release from custody (Alien AF - conspiracy/100 kilos of marijuana is what landed him in Removal proceedings in the first place) during the wait time?
3. How do we determine where he will be taken, and how can we track his movement so that the family can try to get him some clothing, his I.D's and some money?
Any insight from those of you who have gone through this, and had to deal with the anxiety the family members are suffering, would be extremely helpful!
In answer, this is a rather complex compound question. Your client will be placed on the “depart roster.” For security reasons, DHS will not release the time or place they will fly your client out from – it largely depends on what country he is going to. If you ask nicely (and it is that random!), you are technically permitted to bring him a single suitcase before he departs. You are right to coordinate this through his D.O. (deportation officer). However, that’s about as much information and access as you will get.
If appeal rights were not waived, he’ll wait 30 days before anything happens. If he waived appeal, or 30 days elapse, then he’ll be on the next available flight. Generally, flights leave for Mexico regularly, but say, to Nepal, quite rarely indeed.
There is no bond for a detainee who is awaiting deportation. If ever there was a flight risk, that would be your fella! However, if the BIA appeal is successful, and a remand is had, you should be able to avail yourself of the six month rule (primarily in the 9th circuit, but arguable everywhere). Ping me if you need more information on this.
You can file an appeal and ask for a stay of removal pending appeal. You need to ALWAYS ask. Although, technically this should be automatic…trust nothing. I’ve actually had folks deported during their appeal and then subsequently win the appeal…and they are in yonder land. ALWAYS ask.
Do you have a question about deportation relief AFTER an immigration court hearing? Call us immediately as time is of the essence. Oh, and never waive appeal rights. 703-402-2723 or 1-800-579-9864.
Share your thoughts with us!Chelsie Saunders is a licensed REALTOR, born and raised in the glorious landscape of Utah.
Chelsie has been working as a REALTOR for the past two years in Salt Lake City and surrounding areas.
She has a true passion and love for real estate and building long-term relationships with her clients.
There is nothing more rewarding for her than assisting others find a new home or selling the one they’ve loved for years.
As a REALTOR specialized in residential real estate, Chelsie always brings abundant energy, creativity, dedication, and loyalty to her business.
She will stay on top of details to provide a smooth transaction.
Chelsie is very active she has a love of her family, traveling, movies and healthy activities. She is hardworking and so grateful to be a part of the Blakemore Real Estate team.FEATURED REVIEW
Gordon Holscher was my sales rep and he was very knowledgable about the new camry that I bought. He explained all the new interior of the car, esp. th...e electronic items like the audio system, the back up camera, the bluetooth system etc... he was also easy to talk to and to deal with the financial steps of purchasing the car. I feel very satisfied with the entire process. Arleen Marcos did my finances and dmv paper work and she, too, was very efficient and easy to work with.
I bought a Mazda SUV in Capital Toyota, they were cheating from the beginning to the end. The car is totally a piece of junk. I sold that car a few mo...nth later. I will never buy a car here.
We bought a NEW mini van there on July 4th. When we waiting for the test drive and had look at a car, it spent almost 2 hours. The sales explained th...at because of construction. OK, we finally got the car and signed docs. The sales never gave you any VIN history or something similar. When we went home to check the ca history, we found that this dealer gave us a car sitting on their parking lot more than 300 days. other cars, same brand and type and same color, most just less 6 months history. when we back to talk about the change or return, you can imagine. TO anyone want to do business with this dealer, please check the VIN before you buy, even a new car. They may trick you anytime.
My name is Maggie and I am really disappointed with the services I received from Capitol Toyota service center. I dropped my car on Wednesday at 2 p...m. They told me that we have to leave the car over night which was ok with me. I called next day and they Schedule the time to pick me up. They did not call me back. I called few times to make sure I am on their pick up list and each time I was told that you will be picked up. Finally at their closing time which was my last call the guy named David (assistantManager) which was very rude and disrespectful told me that there is no service at this time. I am not going to take my car over there any more and not recommending to anyone.
I had my 2012 Corolla LE receive the 15K maintenance service on 5/19/2016 and was very satisfied with service advisor Gabriel Garcia. He called to tel...l me the car was ready when he told me he would. He was pleasant to talk with and I appreciated his attitude and service.
Thank you so much for your help and very great deal on my new car Mr .Stephen Tran ¿
I had an excellent experience in my car purchasing experience at Capitol Toyota. I looked at the car the weekend before during the big Memorial Day Sa...le at another dealer, and was very close to purchasing it until a friend advised me to check out cars.com. In doing so, I was able to get a quick assessment of the exact car I wanted at the best price. I found Capitol Toyota, and my sales representative Gordon Holscher, to be the fairest, as well as exceedingly professional from the first email, to the last walk-through with my vehicle. Job well done! Thanks Gordon!! :)
We helped our 22 year old daughter purchase her first car from these people - a certified 2013 Corolla. In less than 2 weeks she had to have it towed ...back to them for repairs. Despite the assurances of how well Toyota stands behind their products, they have not stepped up to the plate to own their problem and take care of it as they should have. This has been the WORST car experience we have ever had. I wish we had insisted on a Honda. There we would have been taken care of. In addition, Toyota refused to help us either. DO NOT PURCHASE A CAR FROM THIS DEALER OR FROM TOYOTA AT ALL. THEY DO NOT DESERVE YOUR BUSINESS!!
Hi LGFan, If you still have an issue, our customer relations mgr Toni is available at 408 979-4020 to discuss your matter. best regards, anna
Great service and professional repairs. Always a pleasure to be at Capital Toyota
My son took his 06 sienna mini van in for 100,000 mile check up.Was told that the steering ram was leaking fluid and needed to be replaced.My son told... them that he would come down and look at it.He called me and we looked at the oil that they had just squirted on the steering ram.It was so blaten that it was new oil -not dirty oil- so not to make them mad I told them to just do the normal repairs and skip the steering ram.IT HAS NEVER LEAKED IN THE LAST 60000 MILES.WE will never take our car,s there again.Van now has 160000 miles and still run's great.Love Toyotas.
Hi Larry, if your still having an issue and have time, Toni our customer relations mgr can help at 408 979-4020. thanks.Heroes' Feast
6th-level conjuration
Casting Time: 10 minutes
Range: 30 feet
Components: V, S , M (a gem-encrusted bowl worth at least 1,000 gp, which the spell consumes)
Duration: Instantaneous
You bring forth a great feast, including magnificent food and drink. The feast takes 1 hour to consume and disappears at the end of that time, and the beneficial effects don't set in until this hour is over. Up to twelve other creatures can partake of the feast.
A creature that partakes of the feast gains several benefits. The creature is cured of all diseases and poison, becomes immune to poison and being frightened, and makes all Wisdom saving throws with advantage. Its hit point maximum also increases by 2d10, and it gains the same number of hit points. These benefits last for 24 hours.Parent (Commitee) Meeting
Add to CalendarGet a Timely Calendar
Parent (Committee) Meeting
You ever curious what your son(s) doing in their Boys Scout activities? Do you want to know what the Troops is contributing the growth development of your son? Do you want to know if you can contribute in any way to that development effort?
Come to the monthly Parent Meeting!InteliBrite IPL Hand Piece Repair Sub-Assembly
Contains the beating heart of all IPL treatments.
The IPL sub-assembly holds our precise ipl lamps, optical filter, waveguide, flow tube, reflector, water blocks & TEC plates, all in a precise way so that it can all be liquid cooled.
The sub-assembly needs to be built with quality components in a way which is precise, if something is not correct such as the reflector or flow tube being dirty, the light won't be able to transmit through to the optical filter which will result in a massive power drop.
If the contact crystal is not adequately cooled then it will allow to much heat to transfer through to the skin, which will affect the quality and comfort of the treatment.
Quality parts, cleaned and fitted correctly is the only way High Profile Technologies works.Peter McCarthy - Biography
Peter McCarthy was born in Nottingham in 1954 and studied music at Leeds University. Having previously displayed little competence on a wide range of instruments, a double bass was delivered to his school by accident when he was 17 and a career in music beckoned! Peter was the bass player for the English concert for 14 years. An authority on the history of large string bass instruments, he now combines playing with managing St. James’s Baroque and the Walthamstow concert series 'Music in the Village'.Sometimes different controllers don't play well with each other. Loading... This is 100% repeatable even after a complete re-install. 0 EddDeDuck Joined: November 2012Posts: 10 December 2012 Xbox360ExtraPadSupport - Added: GameStopGamepad3 3695 1025 HoriFightingStickEX2C 3853 13 ==========INSTRUCTIONS============= 1. Then customize your controls and set "Press up to jump" on and map A to Quick Attack and B to Heavy Attack.
Does not support joysticks or taunting. Below is the USB info: Product ID:0xf903 Vendor ID:0x1bad Version:1.00 Serial Number:00003E5B Speed:Up to 12 Mb/sec Manufacturer:Performance Designed Products Location ID:0x14200000 / 5 Current Available (mA):500 Current Required (mA):500 0 ranza Learn more You're viewing YouTube in English (United Kingdom). Are there multiple modes (e.g., D vs X on a Logitech controller or PC vs WiiU on a Mayflash adapter)?
permalinkembedsaveparentgive gold[–]5erif 0 points1 point2 points 11 months ago(0 children)Enjoy2 is a nice free tool for mapping the controller to keystrokes for games without gamepad support. Caleb Reddy 140,297 views 11:10 How to use an Xbox 360 controller on Os X Yosemite - Duration: 4:42. PhoncipleBone View Public Profile Send a private message to PhoncipleBone Find More Posts by PhoncipleBone 345triangle Member (05-09-2010, 05:43 PM) Quote #8 anyone else have an idea about this? If your controller is not working...Some quick troubleshooting things to try first: Do you have any other controllers plugged in?
Loading... Need to get a proper controller for when Super Meat Boy is released on mac :) The wired works if you have the drivers listed on the page earlier. Requires micro-USB cable and driver[]. Xbox Controller Mac Joined: May 2008Posts: 1,565 December 2012 Hey EddDeDuck, I'm freakin out man.
Sign in to add this video to a playlist. Al Valentyn 90,264 views 8:36 Connect An Xbox 360 Controller With A Mac To Play Games - Duration: 4:49. See below. Happy to help, I fixed the script error it was caused was a missing " around one of the comments when I added your fight stick.
So replace the final step in terminal with: sudo kextload 360Controller.kext share Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email Link Like + Quote Reply Ciffy, Dec 18, 2011 Ciffy macrumors Madcatz Drivers I have tried several versions and to no avail. WTF? Send us an email b.
Thanks. 0 Pochat Joined: January 2013Posts: 1 ✭ January 2013 Hello guys ! official site But every once in a while you'll come across a game that requires you to use a keyboard, and for those times, you'll need to download a helper app, something like Madcatz Xbox 360 Controller Driver Mac I am running OS X 10.8.2 on a 2011 MPB 15" also. Xbox 360 Controller Mac Yosemite All the other controllers are appearing, and I have even added a test controller with random vendor / product IDs to the .command file, which is also appearing.
Its not MS. yonder View Public Profile Send a private message to yonder Find More Posts by yonder PhoncipleBone Member (11-16-2010, 12:36 AM) Quote #14 Originally Posted by Yonn Thanks for the quick reply, My controller specs are as follows: Product ID: 0xf016 Vendor ID: 0x1bad It's a MadCatz pad. thank you very much 0 Clayman117 Joined: December 2012Posts: 1 December 2012 Hi, I've followed all the steps on this thread but I just can't seem to get my pad working. Tattiebogle
About AOL Contact AOL UK Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Help Advertising Contact ear iconeye icontext file When I open up the Xbox 360 Controllers menu through my System Preferences, the pull-down menu only says "No devices found". And you can also get the wireless with USB adapter as well. i am having a hard time understanding how to make the extension read my stick.
All rights reserved. Joystick Mapper Mac See below. Some users have reported that these settings did not work, but others did.
Does not support taunting. Last edited by PhoncipleBone; 04-26-2010 at 02:28 AM. Thanks for that tip though. Controllermate I think the reason is that old data is being stored for my vendor / product IDs from previous editing of the controller list when I was trying to fix this
It works slightly on .08, but I'm on mountain lion 10.8.2 and whenever I unplug my controller it crashes my computer. .11 doesn't work, I tried latest controller list... And no stores had the wireless controller adaptor. Go to Page... share Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email Link Like + Quote Reply Vyv, Mar 20, 2013 Vyv macrumors newbie Joined: Mar 20, 2013 #10 Hi, I am running 10.7.5 too.
I saw your post said it was for El Capitan so I tried it, and I went from being able to play a few games to my controller not being recognized so pretty cheap way to get around buying that stupid adapter. There are more kinks than in windows, where it's basically just plug-n-play, but it works pretty well. If anyone downloads the script it will work correctly now!
echo "MadCatzFightStickNeo 7085 61498" Edwin 0 Zilla monster Joined: December 2012Posts: 2 December 2012 Thanks so much for the help!- Michael Lynn Wilson, 62 - Jan 8, 2018
- Jesse J. Turner, 94 - Jan 6, 2018
- Betty J. Dunn, 79 - Dec 16, 2017
- Betty J. Dunn, 79 - Dec 16, 2017
- Clint M. Logan, 47 - Dec 14, 2017
- James K. McEachran, 66 - Dec 14, 2017
- Finetta L. Moore, 86 - Dec 9, 2017
- Katherine L. Carter, 91 - Dec 8, 2017
- Vernie L. Brown, 89 - Dec 7, 2017
- Vicki R. Lawrence, 56 - Dec 6, 2017
- Anthony J. Jamont, 86 - Dec 5, 2017
- Ronnie R. Brewer, 73 - Dec 2, 2017
- Mary L. Brace, 97 - Nov 30, 2017
- Zachery Kevin Ruffcorn, 0 - Nov 29, 2017
- Elaine Holly Jasker, 56 - Nov 27, 2017
- Marlene Viola Lozdoski - Nov 2017
- Jerold L. Norris, 79 - Nov 19, 2017
- John D. Mixon, 76 - Nov 15, 2017
- John E. Cadwell, 81 - Nov 12, 2017
- Stephen J. Nesbit, 77 - Nov 10, 2017.Dog Walkers in Saint Boniface, PA
Book a dog walker to give your dog a 30-minute walk around your
I will run with your dog!
Indiana, PA, 15701
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
Kenya's Dog Boarding
Johnstown, PA, 15902 Bonif Saint Boniface, PA, you'll be amazed at how easy it is to find the ideal dog walker with Rover.com. We take the guesswork out of selecting the perfect Saint Boniface dog walking services for your needs. The dog walkers listed on Rover have been reviewed and approved, and - most importantly - they love dogs. In fact, 95% of reviewed stays and walks have a perfect five-star rating. When a dog walker in Saint Bonif Boniface, PA with Rover's dog walking services, whether it's a one-time emergency or a daily appointment.
In short, when you use Rover to find a dog walker in Saint Bonif?For the umpteenth time the ANC’s move to unseat Western Cape Premier Helen Zille failed as a motion of no confidence in her was defeated after 90 minutes of debate in the legislature.
The ANC had brought the motion following the DA national leadership’s sanction of Zille over her tweets in which she stated that colonialism was “not all bad”.
In a controversial decision, Zille was removed from all DA leadership positions but retained the position of Western Cape premier.
The ANC’s Khaya Magaxa had brought the motion but he was not in the chamber last night and excused because he was summoned to his party’s national executive meeting in his capacity as acting provincial chairperson.
Instead of Magaxa, ANC MPL Cameron Dugmore was the opposition’s main speaker and delved into their objections to the rule of Zille.
Dugmore cited the sale of the Tafelberg School site to private developers, and instead of restitution, said Zille’s administration had sought to trample on the “very victims of colonialism”.
“And what has now become obvious is that the real deeply held views of Zille, have now become clear for all of us to see. In fact these views have been embraced and entrenched in the way this province is governed,” said Dugmore.
He said Zille’s government was a classic case of conservatism hiding behind the fig-leaf of liberalism.
“It is a deeply entrenched view that denies structural and systemic poverty, which manifests in race, class and patriarchal mindset. An attitude which pays lip service to our Constitution and its obligation to effect redress and transformation,” said Dugmore. conquistadorrr
Welcome to the forum!
I think you will learn more from this website than all your clients will ever improve from your hypnosis mp3's.
Are you selling magic beans as well?
Cause I might be interested in purchasing them...
Originally posted by ExternalUseOnly
Hey guys,
I've edited out some personal info from here, we ask our members if they could please keep all that in PMs in the community tool thanks
Hey Elliot,
Nice to have you here, interesting background you have
What level of player are your mp3s aimed at or is it something that all can find useful?
Hows life in Vegas?
All the best
Carl
Originally posted by ArkhamAsylum
Waits for promo video.
Originally posted by Waiboy
Originally posted by ArkhamAsylum
Waits for promo video.Is that an audio file with a big spinning black and white swirly thing playing on the screen?
Sorry OP, couldn't resist. Sounds like a pretty interesting subject and no doubt there will be a ton of folks keen on more information. Anything helping folks play their A game is always appreciated.
I guess you're used to mixed initial reactions, but in general the forums here are supportive and open minded. Mostly.
Take care.Update 2: Hurry, Alive again for 82¢ – $1.27 shipped on the Head & Shoulders Extra Volume Dandruff Shampoo 13.5 Fl Oz!
—————————————-
Update: These aren’t available anymore for free Subscribe & Save shipping and are now only available as an “add-on item” with an order of $25 or more.
Amazon has a few select Head & Shoulders Shampoo/Conditioners right now at $4.49.
Plus, clip the $3 coupon below the price, bringing the total to $1.49!
Additionally, checkout via Subscribe & Save for a final total of just $1.27 w/free shipping!
Note: If you have 5 or more Subscribe & Save orders, your total will be just 82¢ shipped!
- Head & Shoulders Men Deep Clean 2-in-1 Dandruff Shampoo + Conditioner 13.5 Fl Oz
- Head & Shoulders Extra Volume Dandruff Shampoo 13.5 Fl Oz
- Head & Shoulders Men Deep Clean Dandruff Shampoo 13.5 Fl Oz
- Head & Shoulders Old Spice for Men 2-in-1 Dandruff Shampoo and Conditioner 13.5 Fl Oz
- Head & Shoulders Damage Rescue Dandruff Conditioner 13.5-Ounce Bottle
Dead again. Came out free for me but I can’t figure out why. Oh well! 🙂Hotel Koutriaris - Distomo38.4282778028028, 22.6662111282349
- Facilities
Hotel Koutriaris - Distomo
Overview
The central Hotel Koutriaris offers accommodation in a ski area of Distomo.
The central location in the center of Distomo gives guests direct access to Hosios Loukas Monastery, which is just 8.2 km away. The venue is located 17 km from Delphi.
Rooms
Hotel Koutriaris provides 10 guestrooms appointed with a personal computer, an individual safe, climate control, multi-channel TV and Wi-Fi for a pleasant stay in Distomo. In-room self-catering facilities include coffee/tea makers and a dishwasher.
Eat & Drink
A breakfast is served in the dining area.
Services
Guests can take advantage of shoe shine, housekeeping and 24-hour reception.
Internet
Wireless internet is available in the hotel rooms for free.
Guest Parking
Public parking is possible at a location nearby for free.
Number of rooms: 10.
Facilities
General
- No smoking on site
- Off-site parking
- 24-hour reception
- Express check-in/ -out
- No pets allowed
- Luggage storage
- Ski storage
Sports & Fitness
- Skiing
Services
- Room service
- Housekeeping
- Dry cleaning
- Tours/Ticket assistance
- Shoe shine service
Dining facilities
- Restaurant
- Snack bar
- Bar/ Lounge area
Meeting facilities
Children's facilities
- Game room
Leisure facilities
- Sun terrace
- Leisure/ TV room
Room facilities
- Free Wi-Fi in rooms
- Air conditioning
- Heating
- Dressing area
- Ironing facilities
Media
- AM/FM alarm clock
Room decor
- Parquet floor
Policies
CHECK-IN / CHECK-OUT
Children and extra beds
Pets
How to reach hotel
Hotel Address:
Ethnikis Antistasis Square, Distomo, Greece, 32005
- Distomo400 ft
- Check-in:from 2 pm
- Number of rooms:10
Rooms and availability
- Max occupancy:
2 persons
- Bed type:
2 Single beds
- Check Prices
Hotel Koutriaris:10
Hotel Koutriaris Reviews
Guest reviews are submitted by our customers after their stay at Hotel Koutriaris
Share your experience with us.Write a Review
How to reach hotel
Hotel Address:
Ethnikis Antistasis Square, Distomo, Greece, 32005
- Distomo400 ft
- Check-in:from 2 pm
- Number of rooms:10a poem by Naomi Ruth Lowinsky
BIRTH DAY
Carry me back through the laboring dark
into first light first cry first touch
of Mother’s hands Those hands
broad-palmed big-fingered always working
kitchen hands comfort hands hands that tried
to stitch the world back together
when Father erupted the furies took over
It was the summer of ’43 What did my young parents know
about the Europe they’d fled
the trains the chimneys What happened
to Father’s mother his father his sister Maia named
for that goddess who dances with veils Some say
She’s illusion Some say She’s creation
plays with imagination then rips
the magic carpet away
Carry me back to that cave I clambered into
decades ago hushed by the resonant dark
where ancient hands shaped Her stony vagina just so
at noon on the vernal equinox a ray of sun
would penetrate Her innermost space Look
through the rocky lips of Her vulva the earth
bears fruit Your little life and mine in the flow
of all the mothers of mothers the grandmothers of magic
the daughters of ritual skill who carry us living and dead
Come Sit with me by the fire though bones ache
memory flickers hands lose their hold
on the world Those evil spirits who spooked
my cradle are back The fire spits
and sputters The furies rave
and mutter Here comes Maia
dancing in the flames She who lit
the fire of every life I’ve lived
has no patience with lamentation She shows me
Her teeth and I know it is She
who will carry me out through the laboring dark
when it’s time She
who will rip
the veils
Until then I gather my harvest
wild nights belly laughs poems that sing
This one’s for Her was published recently. She is a Jungian analyst and blogs about poetry and life at..
We hold ourselves accountable for what goes into our products as well as how they’re made, and we’re constantly seeking innovative solutions to reduce their environmental impact..
Why you should care
Timberland has progressed from making shoes more recyclable to establishing environmentally responsible product standards across their range of products. Incorporating recycled materials, using organic cotton and eliminating the use of PVC plastics are all part of their current approach to make the fashion industry more sustainable.Chair: James E. Metz, DDS, The Metz Center, Columbus, OH.
The goal of the Dental Sleep Medicine Interest group is to bring together dentists with an interest in sleep medicine and align them with the Assembly on Sleep and Respiratory Neurobiology so that they may discuss common interests that will benefit patients worldwide. The Groups objectives are as follows:
- To further identify research priorities and outcome studies in the area of oral appliances
- To Collaborate with the Assembly on Sleep and Respiratory Neurobiology in the development of joint statements that will benefit the sleep community, the field of Dentistry and patients worldwide. The joint statements should include:
a) What screening devices are appropriate for use in the dental office
b) Definition and characteristics of an oral appliance for the treatment of obstructive sleep apnea
c) Titration Procedure for mandibular advancement devices
d) When are mandibular advancement appliances appropriate.
e) Durability of mandibular advancement devices and report of problems to FDA
f) Considering allergic potential, what materials are acceptable
g) Medications and procedures that are appropriate for dentists
- To Collaboratively create opportunities for the Dental Community at the ATS International Conference
News
- 2017 ATS Interest Group on Dental Sleep Medicine - Meeting Agenda
- 2017 ATS Interest Group on Dental Sleep Medicine - Washington DC Meeting Flyer
- 2016 ATS Interest Group on Dental Sleep Medicine Meeting Agenda
- 2016 ATS Interest Group on Dental Sleep Medicine Meeting MinutesToday was an amazing journey. We rose at 4:30am after a sheltered night and walked 5km down the mountain and across the desert floor using head lamps for light. Walking at dawn is beautiful and freezing, we heard owls hooting and the smell of wet grass is over powering. We stop for a short time under a bridge called Scissors Crossing where water has been left for hikers to use along with some oranges and Keith from the army veterans group makes us a strong cup of coffee – and we think about taking a swig of taquila left for hikers passing by.
We are all apprehensive about our next clime, 22kms and no water. As the sun rose into the valley we rose off the desert floor and through some truely amazing flora. The cacti in this particular area completely transported me and lifted my spirits. All in bloom the tall spinderly plants seem to sway and defy gravity resembling coral and giving it an under-water like feeling.
I (Harriet) have recently been given the trail name Pine Cone (because of picking up giant pinecones near Mt Laguna with my long nail extensions) this kept me feeling positive and entertained whilst also having some rather amusing pseudo-hippie thoughts like;
Who are we animals? We are not bound to earth like plants, unlike soil we are animate, unlike water we are contained . . .
I’m sure this will seem pretty lame in about 2 seconds.
We push on until 1:30 when we feeling well and truely footsore and the sun is burning us off the path. We stop in some chaparelle and essemble the tent fly for some shade. We eat lunch and rejoice in the fact that we have already walked 29km and most of it uphill!
We rest and read and lie around until we set off again and reach the second water dispatch. We are limited to 3 litres each which seems so little in the heat of the afternoon. After chatting to fellow hikers about the abundance of snow in the High Sierra we push on to the very top of the range and set up camp for the night! I’m so proud for our resilience and endurance today! Our bodies are amazing!
What a fabulous effort…we are proud and impressed with your resilience and endurance as well! Wonderful young women!!!! Love youse all. Gayl
If you ladies are already strong enough to be doing this kind of mileage, and are wiling to get up @ 4:30am to accommodate the trail, then you should be fine in the Sierra.
When there’s snow, if really doesn’t matter if it’s 10″ or 10′ deep, either way you’re walking over snow. The key is to adapt to the trail as it dictates the situation (just like you’re doing in the desert right now). For the Sierra, that means getting over the passes between 7-9am. If that means getting up @ 4am and hiking in freezing pre-dawn for 3 hours before reaching a pass, then that’s what needs to be done.
Hiking during the spring in the Sierra is one of life’s great experiences. Those who do it never forget. I go every year about the time PCTers are heading north from KM. Whatever you do, don’t let anyone try and talk you out of doing it if the conditions and weather are ok ie 6/15 ->
Here’s a trip report from last year to give you a sense of what it’s like:
Hey Hobbes, thanks for your words of encouragement. We are definitely leaning towards waiting for the snows to melt a bit before going into the Sierras.:
- Category:
- Sin City Series, WPT, 20 Najnovijih PokerNews Videa, LAPT, EPT
Šta misliš?Run Auckland: Millwater
Sunday, 6 July 2014
Metro Park, Millwater Parkway, Silverdale, Auckland
The current edition of this event is on 29 July 2018.
Run Auckland at Metro Sports Park East, Millwater on Sunday, 6 July is the final of six races in the Run Auckland Series in 2014 and includes a half marathon.
There are 5km and 10km multi-lap fun runs/walks, a half marathon, and a kids fun run. The series is Auckland's largest Fun Run & Walk Series with 6 races at a variety of scenic locations throughout Auckland with exceptional value for money and a fun, relaxed & friendly environment.
Organiser
Series
Run Auckland
- Next (29 March 2015)
- Previous (15 June 2014)
Distances/Events
Kids 2km
Kids 4km
5km
10km
21km-01
Publisher by :
Pink And Blue
Author by : Jo Barraclough Paoletti
Languange Used : en
Release Date : 2012
Publisher by : Indiana University Press
Jo B. Paoletti's journey through the history of children's clothing began when she posed the question, "When did we start dressing girls in pink and boys in blue?" To uncover the answer, she looks at
Blue
Author by : Sarah L. Schuette
Languange Used : en
Release Date : 2002-08-01
Publisher by : Capstone
Simple text and photographs describe common things that are blue, including blueberries, bluebirds, and blue jeans. Note Records
Author by : Richard Cook
Languange Used : en
Release Date : 2004
Publisher by : Justin, Charles & Co.
Insightful scenes abound in the first full history of the most noted label in jazz history. With record-collector zeal, Cook analyzes everything from Sidney Bechet's 78s to Norah Jones' recent chart-t
The Blue Fairy Book
Author by : Andrew Lang
Languange Used : en
Release Date : 1891
Publisher by :Nook Dining Room Sets
Nook Dining Room Sets have some pictures that related one another. Find out the newest pictures of Nook Dining Room Sets here, so you can get the picture here simply. Nook Dining Room Sets picture uploaded ang uploaded by Admin that kept in our collection.
Nook Dining Room Sets have an image associated with the other.
Nook Dining Room Sets In addition, it will feature a picture of a kind that could be observed in the gallery of Nook Dining Room Sets. The collection that comprising chosen picture and the best amongst others.
They are so many great picture list that could become your inspiration and informational reason forNook Dining Room Sets theNook Dining Room Sets picture. We provide image Nook Dining Room Sets Nook Dining Room Sets outside home, to have the ability to see straight, you can use the category navigation or maybe it is using a arbitrary post of Nook Dining Room Sets.
We hope you enjoy and find one of our own best collection of pictures and get inspired to decorate your residence.
If the hyperlink is cracked or the image not entirely onNook Dining Room Setsyou can call us to get pictures that look for We provide imageNook Dining Room Sets.As a parent, even the prospect of living for a moment without your child is difficult to absorb..
In the Palmetto State, the Family Court may award parents–and, in some cases, non-parents–either sole, joint or shared custody of a child. Regardless, in the interest of creating a stable home for the child, the Court will likely choose one parent and household as the parent and place of primary custodianship and residency.
Custody
In all child custody and visitation matters, the best interests of the child or children involved is the primary and controlling consideration of the Court. Generally, when presented with a question regarding custody of a minor child, the Court will consider ten factors:
- The welfare of the child, and what is in his or her best interests
- The child’s reasonable preference, if the child is of suitable age and maturity to make such a choice
- The existence of any domestic violence, including physical and sexual abuse
- Which parent has been the historical primary caretaker
- The character, fitness, attitude and inclinations of each parent
- The psychological, physical, environmental, spiritual, educational, medical, family, emotional and recreational aspects of each child’s life
- Mother’s role as primary caregiver since the child’s infancy and whether a change in custody would isolate the child from his or her mother, considered against the mother’s efforts to include father in the child’s life.
- Any immoral conduct of either parent, shown to be detrimental to the welfare of the child
- Religion of the parents and child
- Any written agreement of the parties.
Custody to Non-Parents & Guardians.
Modification of Custody
All custody-related questions are modifiable, and the court which entered the final custody order retains the authority to modify a prior custody arrangement. For the court to determine that custody should be changed, three things must have occurred:
- The overall circumstances must have changed considerably and substantially
- Those considerable and substantial changes must have occurred after the initial custody arrangement was established by the Court
- Those considerable and substantial changes must substantially affect the best interests and welfare of the children in question.
Regardless of whether the existing custody arrangement is sole, joint or shared, and regardless of the nature of the desired custody arrangement after modification, the party requesting the modification has the burden of establishing those three factors above, and showing that there has indeed been a material change of circumstances substantially affecting the child’s welfare.
Mere disagreements between parents or one parent’s dissatisfaction with the status quo are generally not enough to be grounds for a change in custody, unless those disagreements or that unhappiness has somehow had an adverse effect upon the children. Some possible grounds for a change in custody include the following:
- with Relocation. Remarriage in itself most likely will not warrant a change of custody, but questions arise if that remarriage requires the relocation of the child outside South Carolina.
- interests of children in connection with a request for modification of custody. Still, several lower-level court cases have shed light upon and attempted to establish guidelines for such a determination. Those factors include:
- prioritize the child’s life properly,. Here at The LaMantia Law Firm, we are eager to help.
Visitation
In South Carolina, the parent without primary custody has the right to reasonable visitation, to be scheduled as agreed upon by the parties, or as ordered by the Court. As with all matters involving kids, though, the best interests of the child:
- Award extra visitation to compensate for lost time, in a manner that does not interfere with the best interests of the child
- Award custody or primary residence to the noncustodial parent, if it is the best interests of the child. (This is unlikely, unless the denial of visitation has been egregious.)
- Punish the custodial parent by contempt of court or other remedies as the Court deems appropriate
Here at The LaMantia Law Firm, each and every one of our attorneys and staff are parents. We cannot imagine being kept from our children, and we understand the frustration and stress that comes from being in a situation when issues of custody and visitation are uncertain. We are here to help — contact us today for a free initial consultation.Or at least he will if he is re-elected.
I have often heard from those who plan on voting for Obama this fall, that he has not moved for any gun control measures, that he is not against guns and that he is not a threat to the Second Amendment.
All of which are false. And I can prove it.
First of all there are the obtuse reasons. The fact that his Attorney General Eric Holder in 1995 is quoted as saying “we need to brainwash people against guns”. This from the same Attorney General who has stonewalled congress in regards to the Fast & Furious scandal that was reportedly a scheme to promote gun violence in order to pass new gun control measures.
Then there are the words of the President himself who said, while on the campaign trail in 2008, of Pennsylvanians that “they get bitter, they cling to guns or religion”. Well, as a Pennsylvanian myself I will tell the President this, I cling to my religion because I am faithful, I cling to my guns because I am an American. If that makes you bitter Mr. President, I think the issue lies with you.
Now for his voting record. While it is true that he has not overtly passed any legislation against the Second Amendment in his first term a look at his past will show that he is a consistent and constant believer in the disassembling of that right.
So, on the quick rundown of votes and quotes above. He respects the Second Amendment but also feels that any town or city can completely ban firearms. That’s like supporting the First Amendment…as long as no one says anything. He has consistently backed the banning of firearms. Wanted to allow the bankruptcy of the firearm industry by allowing frivolous lawsuits and just to top it off, limit the purchasing of firearms to one a month. He has a track record of being anti gun long before he became President and when he doesn’t have to worry about re-elections he will show his true colors once more.
But as I think about it, he didn’t even wait to get re-elected before he starting making his move. As he told told Sarah Brady in regards to gun control when he dropped in on a meeting to “fill [them] in that is very much on his agenda.”
Obama: “I just want you to know we are working on it. We have to go through a few processes, but under the radar.”
If you are wondering what “under the radar” means, I would wager a guess that it has something to do withsubmitting American sovereignty to the United Nations
Other under the radar type moves. Lets take a look at his Supreme Court nominees. Both Justice Kagan and Sotomayor, in testimony before congress flatly claimed that they believed in the Second Amendment. Sotomayer even said she would follow the precedent set by Heller…that lasted until she voted againstMcDonald.
So, with a record of voting for and supporting extreme gun control measures, with the appointment of 2 anti gun Supreme Court justices, the appointment of an Attorney General who believes they must “brainwash people to turn against guns”, the promotion of a treaty that would give up American Sovereignty for worldwide gun control, and for his casual and utter disdain for gun owners in general, can anyone honestly believe, that without having to be re-elected that President Obama, in his second term, will not be the terror to the Second Amendment that he is so eager to be?Hola Hello!
Welcome to a NEW and exciting update! …well it’s exciting to me but feel free to react how you wish – preferable in a way that can be photographed/snapchatted/instagram and which will go viral.
So at TheArtyONE! Studios there’s been some changes. First of – TheArtyONE! is now used for my caricature work only now. Before it was used for both caricature and illustration work but some sage advice from the Association Of Illustrators suggested I split the two. …and so with that….
New website
With the division of my two types of work has come a NEW website. Visit for my new website for illustration work. I am pushing for more illustration work from now on (as caricature work had taken over my life) and to get some more stories published as it has been many years now since the last ones. So stay tuned for updates on this.
I have a blogger/newsletter which focuses on my illustration work and if you wish to get these updates in your email then CLICK HERE to subscribe.
I look forward to entertaining you some more with my artwork.
– Mikey
For all your illustration, character design/concepts needs visit my website, Birmingham based illustrator, character designer and Comic book artist
Website:
Instagram:Franchising and Benefits of Franchise Ownership
The licensing arrangement in a business where distribution of product or services can be done through registered dealers is known as “franchising”, the owner of the franchise is known as a “franchisor”, whereas a dealer who deals with the distribution of the products and services is called a “franchisees”. An individual has already done the work setting up the business in franchising.
The trend of running a franchise has rapidly increased and has become an essential part of America’s commercial area. Research indicates that the franchises have earned beyond $300 billion in the mid 1990s. A great contribution in reaching this figure has been done by companies like McDonald’s, Jiffy, The Gap who have established their presence in the form of numerous franchises at a large number of places, and it is estimated in the upcoming years that 50% of the U.S. retail sales will be earned through franchise outlets.
Benefits of Franchise Ownership
There are many Benefits of Franchise Ownership. A person who gets a franchise is in short establishing a branch of already well-settled company. The purchase of a franchise guarantees a track record of success. Buying a franchise gives immediate recognition to the business. A franchise is already well reputed in the market and among its competitors.
The business has been proven to work. Marketing tools as well as ad campaigns are offered. Most franchisors help make a chief local impact with an exposed launch of the business. Franchisees get ongoing support from franchisors. The franchisee benefits from low-cost price on goods for a retail store. In all aspects of the business, you are fully trained.
Mentioned above are some of the key benefits of purchasing a franchise that are gained by the owner instantly, however there are also many other benefits associated with the purchase of a franchise.
Advertising and Promotion: The Company provides every franchise with advertising material, such as poster, brochures, mobiles etc. they also benefit the franchise from launching national advertisement campaigns. This helps the franchise is saving the cost that was to be spent on the advertisements and its production.
Operations: Operations include material like inventory systems, financial as well as accounting systems, human resources and products and production machinery, etc. which is instantly provided to the owner of the franchise from the company, free of cost. Some of the companies also benefit the franchisees by giving them seminar workshops and conducting training activities for the new employees.Adam unlocked a badge!
Hopped Up (Level 4)
Load up those hops, watch the IBU grow and drink it down! Now you’re all hopped up. The more bitter, the better. That's 20 different beers with an IBU of 65 or higher. Try 5 more for Level 5!
Sun, 18 Jun 2017 04:23:01 +0000Remain Neutral
We don’t mean to be biased, but we are crushing hard on neutrals, especially when it comes to accessories! Taupes and khakis, camels and cognacs, and that amazing putty-like grey we’re seeing everywhere are all great neutrals. From looks with southwestern influence, to sweet floral ensembles for the true romantic, no matter what trend is your favorite this spring; neutral accessories will be a part of the equation. We’re not splitting the fence on this trend; accessories in this color family will prove to be a major investment for spring. They go with everything! Neutral accessories can also give you a more classic look when it comes to color blocking. Try a putty grey neutral with cool color combinations like teal with green or blue. Warmer neutrals like oatmeal look good with reds and corals.
Click here to find the Body Central store location nearest you!
Knowledge and Tools to Guide You
Owning a home with a mortgage comes with a lot of responsibility. As a premier mortgage lender, we have the responsibility to educate our customers. We want you to be knowledgeable and be informed about mortgages so you make the best decisions for yourself and your family. Being educated means you will be better prepared for the commitment and know how you will be managing your finances in the future. Also, knowing your options means you will be choosing the best possible loan for your home. Learning about mortgages can be overwhelming, and Sun West is here to make it easy for you to learn and understand the process. After going through our Borrower Resources section, we expect that you will still have questions, and we will be here to answer those questions for you. Call us at
1 (844) SUN-WEST (786-9378)
with your questions or when you are ready to apply for your loan.
Q & A Session
In this section, you will find answers to some of the most frequently asked questions regarding mortgages and the mortgage process. Sun West has made every effort to provide detailed explanations wherever possible. If you still have questions, please call us at
1 (844) SUN-WEST (786-9378)
and our knowledgeable loan experts will be happy to assist you.
The Mortgage Process
We provided a brief overview of what you can expect during the application and the closing of your loan with Sun West. You will gain a better understanding of each step in the mortgage process and know what to expect from your lender.
Home Buyers Education Center
Besides applying for your mortgage, the process of looking for a home and all the steps involved before closing the deal can be another daunting task for first time homebuyers. You have come to the right place to learn about the home buying process. As your premier lender, we offer you a unique, comprehensive, and easy to read guide on buying your home. We have taken the time and made the effort to make all of the important and relevant information available to you, in one place, in an easy-to-digest format. If you still find yourself with questions after reading through our guide, we encourage you to give us a call at
1 (844) SUN-WEST (786-9378)
and one of our loan experts will be able to help you.
Mortgage Calculators
We offer several unique calculators to help you optimize your mortgage decisions. In addition to a standard fixed rate mortgage calculator, we also have calculators that can help you determine your refinance or the size of the home that you can afford. We even have a calculator to let you compare whether it is better to rent or buy. Use our calculators as tools to help test out different scenarios and determine what type of loan is best.
.Being a parent is one of the most rewarding aspects of life, and learning the basic skills to do it well will make it even more so. This article offers a selection of no-nonsense ideas and inspiration for easing the stress of parenthood and improving the quality of time spend with your children.
Think about how your children receive what you say. It’s important for your kids to feel that what you say is true and that they can trust you.
As a parent, you know how important it is to spend time with your child, but it is equally important to have some time to yourself. This helps you keep your individuality, while also being a great parent.
It is difficult for young children to embrace change. It can be stressful to make an abrupt switch from one activity to another, and your child’s behavior may suffer.
It is necessary for parents to get away, together or alone, apart from the children.. Take your travel breaks at restaurants with a place for the kids to play, or parks and open areas with plenty of grass for them to burn some excess energy.
As this article has described, well prepared parents find more joy in being a parent and see it as less of a chore. Life is made easier when one can learn from the mistakes that others have made in order to avoid repeating them, and using those lessons to build success. Try these tips and see how well they work for you.Responsive WordPress themes are one of the hottest trends in the web design industry because those themes help to drive a lot of traffic to any website in any niche. A theme is said to be responsive if it changes the layout of the website based on the device the internet user is using to browse your site. This is a good way of starting any business online because it is easier to get prospective customers to know about what you are selling.
Using Cool WordPress Themes. There are many cool WordPress themes in the sense that they are attractive. However, being attractive is not only what you need online. You should also make sure that the theme is able to make your site accessible by anybody using laptop, desktop computer or any type of mobile device. A lot of people want to buy your products, but there are hundreds or even thousands of other business selling the same or similar products. Therefore, the use of a theme with a responsive web design is one of the ways of defeating your competitors.
Responsive Web Design Examples. If you are looking for a WordPress theme with a responsive layout, you should consider some of the examples described below. They are of different designs and look for different types of businesses. Therefore, it is necessary to go through each of them to know the one which works best for your type of business. However, there are still some which fit any type of business.
Avada Business WP Theme
This is used by many website owners because it provides an experience which helps users of all devices to get what they want from any website
Live Demo / Download Avada
Fable Responsive WordPress Theme
If you are looking for a responsive WordPress theme with many social features for promoting your website, you should get this
Live Demo / Download Fable
RAW Multi Purpose WordPress Theme
This is a good option because, among many other features, its social features can be taken advantage of because a large number of the social referrals will come from those who use mobile devices
Live Demo / Download RAW
Foxy WordPress Theme
This is a very good option for small businesses or amateur bloggers, as it helps you to improve the experience of your users without spending a lot of money
Live Demo / Download Foxy
Gameplan Gym Fitness WordPress Theme
You will love this theme because of its functionality, one of the features to look for in a theme; you will not have any need to waste time changing the look
Live Demo / Download Gameplan Gym
StyleShop eCommerce Theme
To the developers of this theme, responsiveness is one of the features which are most important; thus it should not be ignored
Live Demo / Download StyleShop
STYLISH WordPress Theme
Most people love this theme because it has many features that support social media connects, newsletters and image sliders
Live Demo / Download STYLISH
Chameleon Business WP Theme
If you are tired of using various site-slowing plugins, you should use this theme because it has many features which are in-built to make it unnecessary to use plugins
Live Demo / Download Chameleon
Porcelain Multi Purpose WP Theme
If you need a theme which can be easily customized, this is the best option for you because it has a nice page which explains how easy it is to change things such as font, color and layout
Live Demo / Download Porcelain
Evolution Responsive Theme
Those who need cheap, cool WordPress themes always use this, and it has all the necessary features you need in a site for your online projects
Live Demo / Download Evolution
Mana Responsive WP Theme
Because this is the responsive WordPress themes with wide, boxed and attached layouts, you should consider it when creating your site
Live Demo / Download Mana
Envision Retina WordPress Theme
This is one of the themes to watch out for in 2014 because of its unique and new Metro Blog layout for any type of business need
Live Demo / Download Envision Retina
Marble Flat Responsive Theme
This is the right one for you if you need a theme with different Blog layouts and many Metro post styles for any online business or personal blog
Live Demo / Download Marble
Corsa Creative OnePage Theme
Some of the cool posts styles of this theme are Centered, Regular, Right image, Left image, Grid 2, Grid 3, Grid 4, Metro and many others
Live Demo / Download Corsa
OneUp Parallax Retina WordPress Theme
This is another good theme because of its advanced page title options for spacing and the image of the background
Live Demo / Download OneUp
Subway Responsive WordPress Theme
Most website owners also love this theme because it has many advanced top bar options such as Menu, Language widget and Shopping cart and you can place social icons on the sides
Live Demo / Download Subway
Valenti Magazine News Theme
If you need a theme which has many menu styles, you should use this; it has styles like icon, metro, regular text and transparent
Live Demo / Download Valenti
Braxton Magazine Theme
In addition to have a responsive layout, this theme has many header layouts for your logo and menus like Icon, Metro, Resular and Content
Live Demo / Download Braxton
Essenza Grid Portfolio Theme
With the detailed admin panel of this theme, you will not have any problem setting up the site; there is no need to edit any code or call a professional to help you
Live Demo / Download Essenza
Mexin Premium WP Theme
Being retina-ready, all the parts of this theme look beautiful on high pixel displays, making it to be ideal for any type of business website
Live Demo / Download Mexin
Chariot WordPress Theme
You need this theme if you want something which makes it possible for you to customize the page of your site
Live Demo / Download Chariot
Time WordPress Theme
Creating unique, styled pages is possible with this theme; you can configure the page layout, the top bar, the header and the page title
Live Demo / Download Time
Samba Colored WordPress Theme
The ability to configure important parts such as page content, page footer and page sub-footer is one of the things which make this to be a must-have theme
Live Demo / Download Samba Colored
Big Junior WP Theme
The cool layout options that you will always enjoy with this theme are Advanced Category, Author, Search Result and Tag; therefore, you should get it
Live Demo / Download Big Junior
Zinc WordPress Theme
Many advanced footer options are possible with this theme, some of which are custom color and background image; column layout and the color for the footer
Live Demo / Download Zinc
Nordic Responsive WordPress Theme
To help you to get started quickly, this theme comes with some predefined layouts for you and supports many modern plugins, including the ones used for ecommerce
Live Demo / Download Nordic
David Goliath Business Theme
In addition to being able to set the column of the footer, this theme comes with many SEO options for increasing traffic to your site
Live Demo / Download David Goliath
Second Touch Theme
Being able to include premium sliders is one of the things you will enjoy with this theme; it even supports many types of fonts which are loved by the search engines
Live Demo / Download Second Touch
Barberry WordPress Theme
Being able to create a site in any language is made possible because of the included .po and .mo files; it also supports many ecommerce plugins for any business website
Live Demo / Download Barberry
Astrum Multi Purpose WordPress Theme
Are you looking for a responsive WordPress theme which is compatible with many popular ecommerce plugins? If so, this is the best one for you
Live Demo / Download Astrum
Dimple Responsive WordPress Theme
Sidebars are good because they enable you to place ads in key places where they can be easily seen by your visitors; that is one feature which this theme has
Live Demo / Download Dimple
Satellite7 WordPress Theme
You will enjoy the responsive web design of this theme if you love placing widgets on your site; there are also many post formats for your use
Live Demo / Download Satellite7
Visia Responsive WordPress Theme
This is a good theme because it supports many post formats like Video, Audio, Chat, Gallery, Image and Quote
Live Demo / Download Visia
Maximus Responsive Theme
A responsive layout is very important today because more mobile users are using the social networking sites; therefore, you can also get your content shared through the sharing options supported
Live Demo / Download Maximus
Rocco Flat WP Theme
If you need a theme which supports many sharing options like Facebook, Google+, Twitter and Pinterest, then this is the right theme for you
Live Demo / Download Rocco Flat
The7 WordPress Theme
A site without traffic is useless, and that is why you should use this theme; it supports many Google fonts and has advanced typography options for any responsive website
Live Demo / Download The7
Swatch WordPress Theme
Being able to create a unique website is very important; that is why this responsive WordPress theme has the needed PSD files for your use
Live Demo / Download Swatch
Kyte Responsive WordPress Theme
If you want to create a responsive website of any language, you should use this theme because it works with WPML
Live Demo / Download Kyte
Metrika OnePage WordPress Theme
This is a good option for any business website because it has the modern HTML5 and CSS3 coding needed for more online security
Live Demo / Download Metrika
Sweet Cake WordPress Theme
This helps you to create a sticky header for your site and with its social media options, your content will easily be shared through Facebook and Twitter to increase traffic
Live Demo / Download Sweet Cake
Limitless Multipurpose Drag n Drop Theme
You will love this theme because it has a layout which can be configured the way you like; this is very good for targeting users of mobile devices
Live Demo / Download Limitless
Astra Responsive WP Theme
Everything about this theme is responsive, as through any mobile device, your pricing tables, product images and many important things are easily seen
Live Demo / Download Astra
Newspaper WordPress Template
Your responsive website will appear nicely on any browser through this theme, and that is why it should be one of your top choices
Live Demo / Download Newspaper
Flat WooCommerce Theme
In addition to the detailed documentation which comes with this theme, you will have an easy-to-use admin panel for determining the way you want your site to look
Live Demo / Download Flat WooCommerce
Those are the cool WordPress themes with the responsive layout for any business website or personal blog. Using them increases your chances of succeeding online, especially as new smartphones are released every month. With the mobile devices, more people will discover your website and could be your customers for life. Therefore, you should get all the themes you want from the list above.E cigarette safety advice
E cigarette safety advice. Electronic cigarette Fremont Ohio, Joye evic electronic cigarette, E cigarette safety advice, Green smoke e cigarette price, How long do blu e cigs last disposable, Air New Zealand e cigarette, Liquid for e cigarette with nicotine, Effectiveness and tolerability of electronic cigarette in real life. e-liquid is only intended to.e cigarette electronic cigarettes office policy safety advice.There is a lot of talk about e-cigarettes E-cigarette brands that do not make such a claim will not require a medical license but they will have to meet a set of standards for safety tips and blu e cig tobacco flavor advice.Current Topics Forums are full purchase marlboro electronic cigarette of bad battery safety advice.If you have COPD and use supplemental oxygen, you need to read these oxygen safety e cigarettes dubai customs tips.Using e cigarette safety advice.We proudly design, do vapor cigarettes have nicotine in them innovate,.Learn the facts about e cigarettes buy starter kit e-cigarette safety and effectiveness.Nonetheless, What the best electronic cigarette UK e cigarette best price e cigarette safety advice.keep Reviews of logic e cigarettes well away e cigarette blows up in pub from children and pets. But they're not safe because e-cigarettes are still putting nicotine — a. If you have COPD, you may be wondering if e-cigarettes can help you quit smoking. Halo is a leader in the electronic cigarette and E-liquid industry.Electronic cigarettes blu e cig cartridge price (e-cigarettes) have become remarkably popular in the past few years.Compare the top 10 electronic cigarette companies of e cigarette e cigs brand free starter kit safety advice 2017 About E-Cigarettes.CA e cigarette safety electronic cigarette import tax advice INC.E-cigarettes and vaping; it e cigarette safety advice might also be useful to read some of the latest safety advice for using e If you are wondering about using an e-cigarette.Current green puff e cigarette branches Topics Forums are full of bad battery e cigarette safety advice safety advice.Find the best vapes, best electronic cigarette (e cigs), vape pens, and e juice here! See 2017 vaping reviews and discover your perfect device Vaping is no safer than smoking, scientists Electronic cigarette how much nicotine have warned after finding that e-cigarette vapour damages DNA in ways that could lead to cancer Jul 06, 2015 · The Dangers of E-Cigarettes – disposable e cig burnt taste and How to Protect Your Kids Experts worry that e-cigs will contribute to a new generation of young people Electronic cigarette shop in Las Vegas becoming.An expert review of the latest evidence concludes e cigarette safety advice that e-cigarettes are around 95% safer than smoked tobacco and they can help smokers to quit The ultimate guide electronic cigarette yerevan to the best electronic cigarette brands and e-cigs in the world reviewed for you by Quit Smoking Community nicotine safety IMPORTANT: Nicotine in liquid form is a known poison.Reports on the e cigarette safety advice news continue to surface of e-cigarettes exploding, bringing to mind legitimate concerns regarding the safety of e-cigarettes. South Yorkshire Fire and Rescue.If you’d like to learn more about the government guidance electric cig maker on e-cigarette safety you can Fire Safety At Work Advice for Employers Advice for Employees Fireworks. Vsmokes offers the finest e-cigarettes available.Jul 06, 2015 · The Dangers of E-Cigarettes – and How to Protect Your Kids Experts worry that e-cigs will contribute electronic cigarette buy brisbane to a new generation of young people becoming. This briefing reviews the safety of e-cigarettes and how effective they are as an aid to stopping smoking.Government acts to improve e-cigarette my e cig has no flavor safety. E-Liquid Safety Information General Advice.This is the main best e cig battery brand finding of an.Nobody likes it when hash oil e cig recipe some e-liquid seeps out of the tip of an e-cigarette so the best advice is to not take chances.Summary of e cigarette safety electronic cigarette uk tornado advice various ecig research and studies during E cigarette which brands are the best 2015, plus links to the actual study papers and statements from medical bodies concerning safety of e-cigarettes
keep well away e cig battery overcharge from children and pets. Best electronic cigarette for Marlboro light smokers Summary of various ecig research and studies during 2015, plus links to the actual study papers and statements from medical bodies concerning safety of e-cigarettes."Safety Report on the e cig juice 30ml Ruyan e-cigarette Cartridge and Inhaled Aerosol," Oct.What Exactly Is an E-Cigarette? An e-cigarette buy e cigarette australia is a e cigarette safety advice battery operated device that produces a vapor.E-cigarettes are exploding in popularity, but how safe are they for the people around them? Consumer Reports looks e cigarette safety advice at the latest research on secondhand.WebMD gives you the pros and cons of vaping so you electronic Wholesale e juice Toronto cigarette price in kolkata can decide if e-cigarettes are safe or a health risk safety advice.Exploding batteries in e-cigarettes lead to safety advice from Trading Standards ; Cigarette fire accident counselling e cigarettes washington post ;.Reports on the news continue where can i buy e cigarettes in atlanta to surface of e-cigarettes exploding, bringing to mind legitimate concerns regarding the safety of e cigarette safety advice e-cigarettes.Nobody likes e cigarette safety advice it when some e-liquid seeps out of the tip of an e-cigarette so the best advice blu e cigs india is to not take chances.Try our smokeless vapor cigarette for the freedom that you deserve Sep 03, 2013 · Video embedded · While much is are e cigarettes allowed in non smoking areas still unknown about the health risks of e-cigarettes, here’s what we do know: E-cigarettes are addicting.Best E-Cigarette Guide electronic cigarette stores in garland makes it easy to compare e-cigs and vapor products by offering you unbiased, trustworthy Rating and Reviews.There are a large top electronic cigarette brand number of websites discussing the safety of e-cigarettes I will listen to any valid argument that might come up against the safety of e-cigs, Harvard Health Publications should The median age of an e-cigarette user.If you have COPD, e cigarette safety electronic cigarette retailers minneapolis advice you may be wondering if e-cigarettes can help you quit smoking.Electronic Cigarettes are not intended to be used as e cigarette safety advice an aid to quit smoking, however they vapor e cig starter Electronic cigarette ego buy online kit uk are becoming an ever growing.Our homes are filled e cigarette Vip e cigarettes discount code safety advice electronic cigarette in flights with electrical appliances which Fire Safety Inside the Home.Home / Safety advice / E-cigarettes and the evod e cig stopped working risks to keep e-cigarettes and e-liquid refills well out of Use of e-cigarettes (vaping) in the home: advice for
If you’d like to learn more about the government guidance on e-cigarette safety you can Fire Safety At Work Advice for Employers Advice for Employees Fireworks.Electronic cigarettes, marketed as safer than regular cigarettes, deliver a cocktail of toxic chemicals including carcinogens into e cigarette safety advice the e cigarette sold in canada lungs, new studies show.E-Liquid Safety Information General best price e cigarette Advice.Electronic cigarettes (e-cigarettes) have become E cigarette what is the vapour remarkably popular in the past few what effects do e cigs have on your body years.Best E-Cigarette electronic cigarette vapor pro Guide makes it easy to compare e-cigs and vapor products by offering you unbiased, trustworthy Rating and Reviews. Do not mix components of different e-cigarettes.Halo is a leader in the electronic e lites e80 electronic cigarette starter kit cigarette and E-liquid industry.Jul 22, vivid e cig how to Best electronic cigarette parts use 2009 · E-Cigarettes Pose a Health Hazard, have expressed concerns about the safety of these products and the risk that e-cigarette manufacturers have. This briefing reviews the safety of e-cigarettes and how effective they are as an aid to stopping smoking.Over the last 5 years or so the electronic cigarette has increased dramatically Are e cigarettes tobacco free in popularity and as a result, there are now hundreds e cigarette safety advice of. When crews arrived they found a small fire in the lounge area which was due to an e-cigarette Fire service safety advice.Try our smokeless vapor cigarette for the freedom that you deserve This is where you will Best e cig vapor liquid UK e cigarette safety advice find detail of our e-cigarette product warranty and safety information Welcome to the Electronic Cigarette Review Site, where you can find all the information you need regarding e-cigarettes and the market's top brands e cigarettes and e cigarette accessories on sale, E-CIGARETTES.WebMD tanks for electronic cigarettes does not provide medical advice,. e cigarette shop japan .According to e cigarette safety sell electronic cigarettes on ebay advice Electrical Safety First, about 2.Electronic cigarettes (e-cigarettes) are designed for users to inhale electronic cigarettes new york times nicotine without most of the harmful effects of smoking E-cigarettes - fire safety tips. GENEVA - Electronic nicotine delivery systems (ENDS), of which electronic cigarettes are the most common prototype, are devices that do not burn or use tobacco leaves.Get the latest e-cig reviews e cigarette safety advice electronic cigarette blueberry on the world's best e-cigarette brands.Electronic Cigarettes are not intended to be used as an aid to quit smoking, however they e cigarette safety advice are becoming an ever growing.Safety evaluation and risk assessment of electronic cigarettes as tobacco cigarettes The site provides information e cigarette safety advice on e-cigarette research, not advice on.Ie All right reserved This briefing reviews the safety of e-cigarettes and how effective they are as an aid to e research paper about e cigarette cigarette safety advice stopping smokingI officially hate ALL weather. Please do whatever it takes to bring us the weather-proof air conditioned bubble above DC, so we can have year-round 68 degree weather and a comfortable level of humidity. Or bring us the Caves of Steel, or whatever else you can come up with.

United OPEC Banks has been the leader in
multiple housing construction finance for more than 100 years because we deliver, consistently, through many economic cycles.
We're an enduring construction lender with a history of fast decisions and creative loan structures offering flexibility and liquidity.
Whether the loan is $5 million or $2 billion, our deals get done. What's more, our clients benefit from
the broad product offering and loan syndication capabilities of
United OPEC Banks - a capability that is unmatched in the real-estate lending industry.
For nearly a century, house building companies from virtually every country in the world have turned
to United OPEC Banks for sound financial solutions.
We're dedicated to helping middle-market and large corporate borrowers achieve their goals.
Our proven track record and commitment to excellence have resulted in lasting relationships and satisfied clients.
As the leading senior secured lending organizations in the world, with the largest asset-based portfolios, United OPEC Banks is positioned to finance companies
in a broad array of industries.
Whether you are a housing material manufacturer, distributor, retailer or a service organization,
we will work with you to understand your unique business needs and structure a financial solution that meets your company's strategic goals.
Commercial Housing and Real Estate Development Projects Finance
Financing World's Major Corporate, Multinational Companies, Most Complex Construction Projects,
Commercial Property Development, Multiple Housing and Real-Estate Projects from US$5,000,000
up to NO LIMIT enhanced with our traditional GUARANTEED LOWEST INTEREST RATES
and attractive terms.
Highlights
There is only one United OPEC Banks.
Our scope, financial strength, balance, depth of talent and integrity have made us our clients' trusted global advisor.An evening of murder and mystery featuring two chilling one-act plays.
Friday and Saturday performances begin at 7:00 pm.
Sunday performances begin at 3:00 p.m.
In Susan Glaspell’s Trifles, a man has been murdered. Will an investigation bring a killer to justice–or has justice already been served? In Lucille Fletcher’s Sorry, Wrong Number, a bedbound woman races to unravel a murder plot with only a telephone to aid her. Can she outwit the hit men before its too late?
Sorry, Wrong Number
Mrs. Stevenson – Donna Romero
Operators/Information – Lauren Burdey
Chief Operator/Hospital Receptionist – Clare Hughes
Duffy – Andrew Mooers
First Man/Counter Attendant/Western Union – Matt Paul
George – Vinny Ali
Trifles
Sheriff Peters – Andrew Mooers
Mr. Hale – Matt Paul
Mr. Henderson, County Attorney – Vinny Ali
Mrs. Hale – Terry Baraldi
Mrs. Peters – Deanna Daugherty
Complete Cast Biographies
Ticket Pricing
Standard: $9
Group Rate: 5 tickets for $39This course provides delegates the ability and knowledge to ensure a successful transition from the mechanical construction completion phase to final production operations.
Who should Attend?
Oil engineers, project managers, commissioning engineers and new management professionals moving into facility operational and management positions.
Course Outcome:
Delegates will gain knowledge and skills to:
- Understand commissioning management systems
- Investigate machinery and equipment specific commissioning issues
- Identify issues dealing with the commissioning of electrical, instrumentation and utilities systems
- Utilise a commissioning management plan, resource plan and budget
- Comprehend plant commissioning management
- Understand plant commissioning programme development
- Employ plant commissioning planning and strategy
- Manage risks during commissioning
+4402032661001Appearance''Carex spectabilis'' produces clusters of stems 50 to 90 centimeters in maximum height, sometimes from rhizomes. The inflorescence is an erect to heavily nodding cluster of flowers covered in dark purplish scales. The fruit is coated in a perigynium which is pale yellowish to dark purple to black.
DistributionThis sedge is native to northwestern North America from Alaska to the Northwestern United States, and in California and Utah. ''Carex spectabilis'' grows in moist mountain habitat in subalpine to alpine climates.
References:
Some text fragments are auto parsed from Wikipedia.Jarrett skating with Max. While Max is busy chomping down his candy cane from Santa.
The kids brought their letters to Santa with them so they could give them to him personally.
I wrote down exactly what Max told me too. Ha ha! I had to laugh at some of things he wanted.
10 pumpkins, but not real ones, just pretend ones!
I also took the picture before Max signed his name :( oh well. He did sign it before we took it :)
THE ENDMADRID (Reuters) - favored out on Thursday, remains firmly on course for a fourth Madrid Open crown.
David Ferrer, the fifth seed, beat unseeded Latvian Ernests Gulbis 7-6 (7-3) 6-3 to join his compatriots in the semis. Feliciano Lopez could make it an all-Spanish affair by defeating Kei Nishikori in the late match. The 10th-seeded Nishikori, though, would become the first Japanese to break into the world’s top 10 if he triumphed.‘m favorite.”
Writing by Rex Gowar, editing by Tony JimenezWebsite Worth and Statistics for Domain: switchboardfree.co.uk
Last update: Sep 26, 2015
Find the best content from switchboardfree.co.uk right here. Direct fast access to switchboardfree.co.uk. Our network of dedicated servers connects via a fast connection to any website. We do not host any files on our server. Visit switchboardfree.co.uk. This website contains information about switchboardfree.co.uk and. The data come from various sources. switchboardfree.co.uk is not affiliated with us in any way. We offer statistics, hosting information, server information, google pagerank information. Google pagerank of this site can be found below.
Switchboardfree.co.uk has a three-month global Alexa traffic rank of 292,086. Relative to the overall population of internet users, this site's users tend to browse from work. It is located in the UK. About 8% of visits to the site are referred by search engines. Switchboardfree.co.uk has attained a traffic rank of 11,653 among users in the UK, where we estimate that 95% of its audience is located.
Domain information
Site Information
How engaged are visitors to switchboardFiesta de la Mare de Deu del Mar
It’s a bit of a mouthful, but what it basically means is ‘The festival of the lady of the sea’. And that translates into lots of sporting events and live music at what is Cala d’Or’s biggest annual fiesta. As for the big finish, that comes via a huge maritime parade around the harbour.- offrd2001Asked on April 16, 2010 at 05:12 PMI recently created a form as guest, without paying attention. The java src is in my webpage, so the form is active....somewhere. How can I recover this form in my account and save it?
- JotForm FounderaytekinAnswered on April 17, 2010 at 02:51 AMIf you can send us the URL of the form we can assign it to your account.
You can also try entering the email address used on the form emails on the Reset Password page and it should allow you to reset password for the guest account. Log out of your account and then click on the "Forgot Password?" button at the bottom of the site.
-In this world, there are three kinds of bacon. Prosciutto, pancetta, and Oscar Meyer. I lied. I knew it the minute I typed it. There’s Canadian Bacon, turkey bacon, slab bacon, real bacon, fake bacon bits, quite possibly literally hundreds of styles of bacon.
People, there are Baconfests that abound in these here United States. A quick Yahoo search revealed Baconfests in Milwaukee (Surprise surprise), Atlanta, Indianapolis, Chicago, Los Angeles, Little Rock, Des Moines, Monterey, and even Belling freaking ham Washington. And I stopped at page two of the search. America LOVES bacon.
There’s great soliloquy by George Burns in the movie Grumpy Old Men about long life and bacon consumption that I share with you. It’s only 45 seconds I urge you to watch it:
So it is not without surprise that I was allured to a recent recipe I found from British chef, Jamie Oliver that involved pancetta. For a fleeting second, I thought pancetta was an exotic island fruit. It’s not. It’s bacon and it gives a pizazz to the recipe. The ingredients looked healthy enough so I modified it a bit and gave it a whirl.
When I started cooking, my wife chuckled because I was actually following a recipe. Usually, I modify a couple recipes and throw stuff in that I got in the house. Actually, I wasn’t trying to follow the recipe so much as I was trying to figure out what a tin of tomatoes and a rasher of welfare pancetta involved since Jamie is a British chef.
Here’s what I came up with and by all reviews in this household, it was delicious.
INGREDIENTS
Olive oil
2 onions
1 leek
4 garlic cloves
1/3 pound Pancetta
Sprigs of fresh Rosemary
1 Tablespoon Italian seasoning
4 bay leaves
1 butternut squash
3 sweet potatoes
1 yellow pepper
8 Oz package portabella mushrooms
3 15.9 oz cans tomatoes (2 diced, 1 whole cut up)
1 6 oz can of Italian seasoned tomato paste
1 can jumbo black olives slices in halves
8 boneless Chicken thighs, trimmed and sliced into 2 inch strips
3/4 cup Pinot Noir
PREPARATION
Preheat over the 350 degrees.
You’ll need an over proof pan like the one in the cover photo.
Uncork the wine and have a glass to make sure it’s OK.
Peel the onion and cut into eighths. Peel the leek and garlic, chop and simmer all in the olive oil. Finely slice the pancetta and add to the mix with the rosemary, bay leaves and Italian seasoning. Simmer while stirring until the bacon, uh pancetta starts to brown.
Meanwhile, peel the sweet potatoes and squash. (I found cutting the squash in half, removing the seeds and using a paring knife to remove the outer shell worked for me). Chop both into one inch cubes.
Slice the mushrooms into thirds so they are thick slices. Slice the yellow pepper into strips as well. Add to the simmering mixture, stir it around for a bit so the pancetta mixes with the veges and spices.
Layer the chicken thighs on top of that. Pour the wine over the thighs and simmer maybe 5 minutes or so. If you must, refill your own glass with more of the Pinot Noir and chop the black olives in half.
Pour the 3 cans of tomatoes over the top of the thighs and veges, stir them around a bit. Mix in the black olives then place the pan in the oven.
It’s now ready for the oven.
Cook uncovered for 30 minutes or so. Remove from oven, check to make sure the potatoes and squash are cooked but not mushy and stir in the tomato paste then cook another 15 minutes.
Your dinner is ready. I’m not a fan of “enjoy” or “bon appetite” so just dig in.
You don’t really need to serve it over anything since there’s potatoes and squash in there, but a few slices of whole grain bakery bread makes a good accompaniment. I served it in a big soup bowl looking thing.
FOOTNOTE:
Wordpress tells me the TopTtwo most visited posts for Wedwand in 2015 also involved food. Here they are in case you missed them.carpeting
is a 9 letter English word, see more 9 letter words
✓ Words with Friends - VALID
✓ Words with Friends - VALID
✓ Scrabble - VALID Official Word Check
What Words Are Nearby?
carpeted : carpeting : carpetings
Words that sound like or rhyme with carpeting
carpetings crepitating carpetbag crepitant curveting scripting crepitate excerpting acerbating crafting"We felt that was the best option: To get it here as quickly as possible and get it in the ground and stabilized," said John Stanwich, the Park Service's deputy liaison to the White House. "We knew we would have that system in place, and as much as possible, keeping in mind the safety of the staff, we would do our very best to monitor it as much as possible during the storm. Obviously we're very happy it's doing very well."
New National Christmas Tree survives the storm →
The Park Service has used a brace on past trees, Mr. Stanwich said.Free Newsletter
Never miss a
business opportunity.
monthly newsletter.
Your Email:
Advertise here from
15,-EUR per month.
Showing all postings looking for customers, in total 391.
Zorbing Ball Soccer Zorb Ball Football Bubble Bumper Human by kanyfun , 22 May 2017 , 120
Software company looking for outsourcing partner / projects by efurito , 18 March 2017 , 408
Bg Sblc Mtn Lease and Sales Offer by anyleby , 26 January 2017 , 192
Inflatable products and services by papynem , 20 September 2016 , 376
Grow your business with Toggar by cajepor , 11 August 2016 , 256
RYMAX Maxto Board | Fiber Cement Board | Drywall | FCB Board by asigoba , 09 August 2016 , 22572
Working with foreign businesses in Vietnam by bacopyr , 09 March 2016 , 583<<This time the Philadelphia Flyers did the hawking, smothering the New Jersey Devils with fire-on-ice defense to easily claw through the neutral zone trap and gain self-esteem with a 4-1 victory yesterday at the CoreStates Spectrum.
Philadelphia, 0-3 against the defending Stanley Cup champion Devils this season, sparkled from the opening face-off, using quick puck movement to send a solid barrage of shots against highly-rated Devils' goalie Martin Brodeur.If you are searching for cheap Erlanger home insurance, you have landed at the right place. Enter your Zip Code above and our comparison tool will locate the best homeowners insurance companies that serve Erlanger, KY. Saving on your home insurance coverage has never been easier. We have aggregated the best home insurance options in Kentonl Cleghorn, Iowa
- Homeowners Insurance Greene, New York
- Homeowners Insurance Maidsville, West Virginia
- Homeowners Insurance Harvard, Illinois
- Homeowners Insurance Hamilton, Texas
- Homeowners Insurance Loco Hills, New Mexico
- Homeowners Insurance Darrington, Washington
- Homeowners Insurance Genoa, Colorado
- Homeowners Insurance Atwood, Oklahoma
- Homeowners Insurance Welling, Oklahoma
Purchasing house owner's insurance policy is a fiscal stage virtually as big as purchasing the house itself. The charges are much less, but insurance coverage is perpetual. It outlasts even the longest house loan. Regardless of whether you are searching for new house owner's insurance policies or want to increase the recent deal you have, listed here are some clean suggestions on the subject.
As before long as you spend off your mortgage, speak to your property insurance coverage organization. There is a great opportunity that you will get your high quality lowered. An insurance firm views someone with no a home loan in a good light, contemplating that they are a lot more probably to consider excellent treatment of their house if they personal it outright.
When contemplating insurance for your house, keep in mind that getting your home loan paid off can truly impact your top quality volume. Insurance businesses will commonly reward you with a decrease premium if your mortgage is compensated off, because it is typically considered that a property will be greater taken treatment of if it is entirely owned.
If you want to be sure you are paid correctly for a homeowner's insurance claim, you have to report any decline to the insurance coverage company quickly. Promises on your property are topic to specific time constraints, so waiting way too prolonged could give the insurance provider a explanation to say that the claim is no lengthier legitimate.
If you have any spare funds in a personal savings account, use it to pay out off your mortgage loan. When you possess your residence outright your annual home insurance policy rates can drop significantly as insurance coverage businesses tend to believe that property-owner's are a lot more likely to get care of and safe their house.
To ensure the protection of significant home enhancement assignments usually report them to your homeowner's insurance coverage organization once they are completed. Whilst this might result in a tiny top quality increase, it is the only way to make certain that the additional price of your house is lined in circumstance of hurt.
Getting an excellent alarm technique is a wonderful way to decrease your homeowner's insurance policies premiums. That will prevent split-ins. Your insurance company will think about your house much less risky and can reduced your rates. You will have to provide evidence of a security program to get a reduce charge.
When you achieve the happy day on which your house loan is lastly compensated off, be certain to consider advantage of the insurance rewards. The premiums for homeowner's insurance are drastically reduced for a residence you possess outright than for 1 you are nevertheless paying out off. Insurance policy companies are betting,with great justification, that you will take greater treatment of a property that is all yours.
Add further smoke alarms to your residence to reduce your insurance premiums. Incorporating smoke alarms can decrease your annually premiums by as considerably as ten %. Based on your insurance policy business, you may even qualify for added discounts for including far more smoke alarms than the least required to get the price reduction. You not only conserve income, but you defend the life of absolutely everyone in your household.
No a single is protected without end and the procrastinating mentality can only direct to much more struggling. There is no cause to steer clear of investing a tiny cash each thirty day period to maintain by yourself from spending enormous sums in the occasion of an accident. Protecting your house must always be at the best of your record and home owner's insurance can do this.North Fort Myers Real Estate for Sale - Houses Condos Property Search
Displaying up to 10 properties on this page. Total Search Results in this Category: 647
MLS ID: 218001607
Bedrooms: 2 Bathrooms: 2
Sq/Ft: 1786 Year built: 2007
Description: Picture yourself in this gorgeous 2 bedroom + den, 2 bathroom 5-STAR RESORT - STYLE LIVING condo with beautiful views of the Caloosahatchee River in North Fort Myers for women,... read more
MLS ID: 217054325
Bedrooms: 3 Bathrooms: 2
Sq/Ft: 2250 Year built: 1981
Description: If you are looking for space, this is your home! Impeccably maintained three bedroom pool home with an almost 2,500 sqft detached garage and office. AG zoned so your pets... read more
MLS ID: 217053866
Bedrooms: Bathrooms:
Sq/Ft: 0 Year built: 1925
Description: Take 41 North into North Fort Myers and pass Pondella rd, take a left on Betmar Blvd---property will be on the R side. ... read more
MLS ID: 217064925
Bedrooms: 5 Bathrooms: 2
Sq/Ft: 3937 Year built: 1981
Description: $20,000 PRICE REDUCTION - MOTIVATED SELLERS - BRING OFFERS! Large family home 5 Bedrooms, 2.5 Baths with over 3,937 sq. ft. under air located in the sought after gated, gulf... read more
MLS ID: 217043351
Bedrooms: 3 Bathrooms: 2
Sq/Ft: 2264 Year built: 2013
Description: GULF ACCESS NEWER HOME ONLY MINUTES TO THE RIVER. 3 Bedroom with den has an open floor plan and lots of natural light. Pool and spa with waterfall. Perfect for... read more
MLS ID: 217065958
Bedrooms: 3 Bathrooms: 2
Sq/Ft: 2071 Year built: 2007
Description: Come live the Resort Lifestyle at North Star Yacht Club. The Aquarius (corner) model on the 8th floor of this Gulf-access community gives you the privacy you crave with spectacular... read more
MLS ID: 217062968
Bedrooms: 3 Bathrooms: 2
Sq/Ft: 2133 Year built: 2006
Description: Fabulous EAGLE located in Majestic Isles within Herons Glen. This beautiful home features 3 bedrooms, 2 and 1/2 baths, living room, formal dining and family room overlooking a large LAKE... read more).
U.).
Mexican Grain Team In Nebraska, D.C.: NAFTA Is A Good Deal For U.S. Agriculture.
Op-Ed: NAFTA Concerns Show Why Farmers Must Pay Attention To Trade
By Tom Sleight, President and CEO, U.S. Grains Council
Some days don’t go how you expect them to go.
I have had many of those in my career, but few like this Wednesday, when we thought for 12 hours that we could soon see action from our own government to withdraw the United States from the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA).
Immediately and obviously we – and the larger agriculture community – knew how critical this situation could be.
Pages
Why is it you and your little one simply can't get on the same page today? Try sending a more clear message with no ambiguities. If you make all your instructions clear and consistent, you'll easily avoid any misunderstandings.
It's free!
Create an account and get full services: do tarot card readings, take personality type test,
like other users, find friends or love, play questions game, try it!
Get zodiac sign by birth date:
Made with inRealtor Phone Call With A Twisted Ending
Have you ever given your Realtor a phone call? You know that if you want to get your message through, you need to go text
message over phone call or voice mail message these days, right? Or even a Facebook message will get more immediate attention than a phone call. Nobody talks in LA or Orange County. So maybe we’re just out of practice. And that’s how I’m choosing to look at my recent interesting interaction on an actual Realtor phone call from another agent regarding a client’s home that is currently listed for sale in the California Regional Multiple Listing Service (CRMLS.)
I don’t know what your ring tone is for calls coming in from a business prospect, but mine has alternated between “Strangers in the Night,” “For the Love of Money,” and “If I had a Million Dollars” over the years, depending on my mood, and my check book balance at the time. So when my phone “rang” recently I actually answered. What ensued I could not make up. I’ve never written for a Sit Com.
I answered the phone and the agent on the other end said she had a client interested in making an offer on my client’s property. I’m thinking GREAT! Since it’s only been on the market for 4 hours this is AWESOME. The other agent tells me she has a buyer paying all cash who is interested in the house and asks if there’s any way the seller would go lower. I politely advise her that we’re priced very aggressively for today’s market, and also let her know that I can’t speak for my client, but will present all offers that I receive. She repeats that her offer will be all cash and they can close very quickly, so would an offer below the list price work for my seller? I again let her know that I can’t make that decision for my client and will present all offers I receive, and encouraged her recall that the listing stipulates that my seller needs to find her next home, so a fast escrow that renders her homeless is not an ideal situation.
I thank her for the phone call and believe we are through, and I’ll wait to see her offer. But she never hung up. She never hit “end call” or tapped that big red button on her smart phone with the iconic image of an old land line telephone handset. So I kept listening. And did I get an ear full. Here are the highlights.
Her client, who was listening in the car thinking she had ended our call, totally reamed her agent out for the way she presented her case. She went on a four minute rant about how she didn’t know how to sell by highlighting the attractive points of their deal. I caught “what do you mean they don’t want a fast escrow – who wouldn’t just want to have the money in hand – she can find somewhere else to live with all that cash,” “you probably just screwed this up,” “,” and “she said can’t answer for her client, she’s not on our side, she’s representing her seller” I had this image in my mind of the other agent with her tail between her legs and her head in her hands.
In the next 20 minutes that our phones were still connected, I heard a lot about their thinking and their strategy. I’m just waiting to see their offer. And of course I always have my clients’ best interests as my top priority. It’s my job. And always check that you’ve ended you phone call before you go on a rant.
I’m Leslie Eskildsen. Keeping it real in Mission Viejo real estate.
Call me. 949-678-3373.
Text me. 949-678-3373.Developer: GAME FREAK
Publisher: Nintendo
Genre: RPG
Platform: Nintendo 3DS
Released: 28/11/2014
The third generation of Pokémon games, Ruby & Sapphire, were released on the Game Boy Advance over ten years ago. Now the game that introduced us to MIDI-trumpets and large swathes of water receives the remake treatment. After years of calls from fans to bring back Hoenn, we can say that the wait was certainly worth it, with a pair of games that take an approach of both looking back at the good times and bringing it all up to speed with the present.
GAME FREAK have endeavoured to remain faithful to the original games, so Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire will feel very familiar to those who played Ruby & Sapphire. The madcap Professor Birch is still being chased by rogue Pokémon in the tall grass, Team Magma and Team Aqua are still up to no good, and there’s still a large region to explore with over 200 monsters to capture.
The plot of these remakes is largely the same as the originals, albeit with a few tweaks here and there and an all-new epilogue which adapts the events of the 2004/5 movie Destiny Deoxys. You take the role of Pokémon trainer Brendan or May, having just moved to the Hoenn region. After being given a starter Pokémon by Professor Birch, you set off on your journey to become the Pokémon League champion, while saving the world from the plots of Team Magma expanding the land (in Omega Ruby) or Team Aqua expanding the sea (in Alpha Sapphire) by using the power of the super-ancient Pokémon Groudon and Kyogre.
While it will please some fans in remaining faithful to the original games, in many areas Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire feel a step backwards from X & Y. The difficulty of the game seems easier than ever, with not one opponent in the single player game posing a challenge; the dreams of having a true difficulty select stuck in the days of Black and White. Gone are the vast array of trainer customisation options, leaving you stuck with an uninspired redesign of the original Brendan and May models; the Pokémon Centre and PokéMart facilities have been split into two buildings again, the text boxes have the terrible green background and red border which made the originals so unreadable, and some of the sensible TM/HM teachable move revisions have been reversed. While these changes keep things consistent with Ruby & Sapphire, it often feels like a missed opportunity, particularly when a later story point attempts to write the different strands of the original games and the remakes into cannon. There’s plenty of positives in the design though – Team Magma and Team Aqua have more personality than they ever had in Ruby & Sapphire, with a distinct set of characters that you can easily become attached to, helped along by the better scriptwriting which has seen continuous improvements since the story-heavy Black & White. There’s some genuinely funny moments and each character is given a voice, rather than being just another person to battle.
X & Y’s 3D engine offers a lot to these remakes over Ruby & Sapphire, and looking back it’s not hard to appreciate how far the series has come in the last ten years; ditching the 2D sprites for what is an exceedingly pretty looking world with a lot of vibrant colours. The engine gives everything a lot of life, and has seen some improvement since X & Y, with a lot more visual effects and an improved frame rate during battles. The old 3DS still struggles at times, but take this to the New 3DS and it feels like this was the right direction for the franchise to move in.
In terms of features and mechanics, Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire attempt to cherry pick the best bits of the franchise, and while it brings back some features that were missed from the third generation, it fails to capitalise on the successes of newer features. While Ruby & Sapphire’s trademark double battles are still the core focus of the mechanics, there’s also triple and rotation battles from Black & White, and horde and inverse battles from X & Y. While double and horde battles are well placed, there is still a severe lack of triple and rotation battles, both of which seem to be resigned to a multiplayer experiment by GAME FREAK. That’s a shame, as both types of battles offer a different kind of strategic outlook than just matching the correct move to the correct Pokémon. Being fair, you don’t want to fix something if it’s not broken, but having some battle variety could pay off in shaking up the formula.
One of the biggest battle changes since Ruby & Sapphire was Mega Evolution, and this becomes even more prominent in Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire, introducing an extra twenty Mega Evolutions (22 if you count Groudon and Kyogre’s Primal Reversions, which are essentially the same thing) in addition to the 28 present in X & Y. Although you don’t get access to it until you have completed the story, Mega Evolution brings in one of Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire’s coolest features: soaring. Once you have the Eon Flute, Latias/Latios and their respective mega stone in your possession; you can use the flute to fly around a fully realised 3D overworld of Hoenn. This is what feels as the successor to using the Fly HM, and is more immersive than just hitting a button and switching location. The sky is dotted with flocks of flying Pokémon which can initiate battle with some of the rarer types, if you can collide with the flock at the right spot. It’s not the smoothest experience, but it certainly makes the skies feel alive. Soaring also introduces a new key feature of these games: Mirage Spots. Mirage Spots are islands dotted about in the sea surrounding Hoenn which you can pick up from other players through Spotpass. Crucially, special Mirage Spots are the only way to capture select legendary Pokémon from previous games. It’s a neat way of giving players a better chance at catching them all, but with the inclusion of past legendary Pokémon from previous generations increasing in each successive game, there is a sense of devaluation of legendary Pokémon being a one-time capture.
Catching Pokémon has had a bit of a shake up with the new sneaking mechanic. Movement on the circle pad is linked to how far you push it – taking it to the edge will result in a brisk walk, but hold it closer to the centre and you will tiptoe along. This is key to catching the rarer Pokémon who hide in the shaking grass, which sees its best implementation here since its introduction in Diamond & Pearl. If you creep along, you can easily get into a battle with these Pokémon, which have a raised chance of being one of the different-coloured ‘shiny’ Pokémon, having a hidden ability (extra effects which can be used in battle, for example Intimidate lowers an opponent’s attack at the start of battle), or having a move that it can’t usually learn through levelling up. You can find these shaking spots easier by using the DexNav, which conveniently shows the Pokémon you discover in an area. Once you’ve caught at least one of a Pokémon, tapping its DexNav sprite activates a series of shaking spots which can be chained to raise your success rate in getting one of these rarer types.
This is part of the PokéNav Plus, which continues the line of the in-game smart devices, providing useful functions such as a map of the Hoenn region, and a feed of events that have happened in either your game or a friend’s. It’s often a useful tool, but is often at odds with the apps that form the lower screen features of X & Y (Player Search System, Pokémon Amie, and Super Training). While in X & Y the three core apps were very accessible, Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire has them as a sub-app of the PokéNav Plus, which with the way its interface is structured, makes it inconvenient to switch between the game’s multiplayer and single player functions. It feels like the mashing together of two incompatible ideas, and it makes the UI clunky to use.
Outside of battle and catching Pokémon, there are a variety of minigames available of which some work better than others. From X & Y there is the return of Super Training and Pokémon Amie, both of which aren’t worth your time unless you are doing a specific action. Super Training is an easy way of raising your Pokémon’s base stats (sometimes called effort values or EVs) where you fire balls at balloons in order to pop them, earning your Pokémon EV points, increasing its base stats. As a minigame it works as a distraction, but when it takes about an hour to fully EV train a Pokémon using special items you can find and allow your Pokémon to hold and using the horde battles to gain lots of points, there is no real need to use Super Training. Pokémon Amie allows you to feed your Pokémon PokéPuffs to raise their level of happiness and provide certain other in-battle effects in single player. Just as with Super Training, there are already faster ways of building your Pokémon’s happiness and is at best a throwaway distraction.
Both contests and secret bases return from Ruby & Sapphire in their new forms of the Pokémon Contest Spectacular and Super Secret Bases. The best of these features is Super Secret Bases, which offers you the ability to create your own hideout out in the field using the move Secret Power. These bases can be decorated using a variety of items and furniture just as they could be in Ruby & Sapphire, but this time around they are able to fully utilise multiplayer thanks to the 3DS’ online and Streetpass functionality. The secret bases of players you meet either online or through Streetpass will be downloaded and placed in your game. While this allows you to view other players’ secret bases, the neat trick is that you can recruit players to join a team, adding them into your secret base for other players (or yourself) to battle.
Pokémon Contests offer an alternative way to play the game, which can be particularly fun after you’ve finished the main story. The goal of contests is to outperform your opponents by using moves of a certain theme to appeal to an audience. There are five themes; tough, cool, beautiful, cute and clever; and each move fits into one of these themes. You train a Pokémon by feeding it PokéBlocks to raise its stat in a specific category and by giving it moves of the correct type. Contests can be a good time-waster, particularly for younger players; but there is often too much riding on luck for this to be a concrete type of play.
Unlike other games in the series, Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire features an epilogue in the Delta Episode, which, as mentioned previously, loosely adapts the events of the Pokémon movie Destiny Deoxys. While only a few hours long, it offers a different perspective on the mythology surrounding the legendary Pokémon and ties the loose ends at the end of the main story together nicely, while giving fans some kicks with links to Pokémon Emerald.
When all this is said and done, the rest of the post-game content is typical of what we have come to expect from the more modern entries in the franchise. The Battle Maison returns from X & Y, which is a surprising decision when compared to the third generation’s Battle Frontier, which was much more fully featured than the Battle Maison’s continuous run of battles. There are 720 Pokémon to obtain, and there are a good bunch of classic legendary Pokémon which can be found not just in Mirage Spots but in other hidden locations throughout Hoenn. The golems of Regirock, Registeel, Regice and Regigigas are all here, yet their puzzles, which were designed to be partnered with the braille alphabet in the Ruby & Sapphire instruction manuals are now largely irrelevant and are more likely to be bypassed with a quick internet search.
The online multiplayer is the same as in X & Y, using the Player Search System to perform random matchmaking, battling and trading with friends, using the Global Trade System and participating in official tournaments. These online features are perhaps the best a Pokémon game has ever had, so it is good that Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire has stuck with them, but there is still a lack of freedom in the battle rulesets – random battles are limited to 3v3 and there is a heavy preference on the championship-style double battles. That remains a minor issue though, as the online play is accessible and most importantly, fun.
Pokémon Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire stand at a mid-point between old and new, and they achieve their goal of being faithful remasters while keeping up with the changes of the mainline games. Despite being the easiest in the franchise to date, they are certainly the most accessible and bring a host of good ideas of their own to act as an excellent partner to X & Y, whose heights Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire don’t quite achieve.
7/10 – GoodArchive for January 26th, 2006
empty. )If you entered a parking garage to find that your car had been taken away, you’d be justifiably upset. However, if in its stead, that car had been replaced by a brand new Mercedes SL6, you’d probably have a different reaction.
In a new campaign for Mercedes-Benz, called The SL Sting, Madrid-based agency Wysiwyg/Razorfish pulled the exact switcheroo described above on three unsuspecting drivers. Since there are an extremely limited number of SLs available in the country, the agency wanted to allow as many people as possible to experience the ride. Thanks to an abundance of hidden cameras, both in and out of the car, we–and, presumably, many more people online–can see how the “victims” reacted. Initial confusion and skepticism gives way to acceptance and enthusiasm, eventually leading to a female passenger cautioning one of the drivers, “If a goddamn cow crosses the road, we are screwed,” as they apparently drive like the valet guys in Ferris Bueller’s Day Off.JBYour shopping cart is empty!
Please choose the store you wish to visit.
Convention Schedule
Look for us at these Conventions
Day Break Illusion: Akari Taiyo Key Art Wall Scroll
This Day Break Illusion wall scroll features:
Akari Taiyo in both her normal and magical girl forms.
The words Day Break Illusion in white English.
Wall scroll is made of cloth, has a horizontal plastic rod on top and bottom and 2 adjustable plastic hooks for hanging.
Dimensions:
(Metric): 79 tall x 109 cm wide
(US): 31 tall x 43 inches wideAvoiceformen.com
2011 06 07
It is now seriously suggested that women’s prison close
By Paul Elam
Great Britain is about to lend new meaning to the pussy pass.
At least, that is the recommendation in a report issued by the Women’s Justice Task Force which has concluded that offering healthcare services, housing and drug abuse treatment to female criminals is better than holding them to the same standards of punishment to which they hold men….(Full Story)
_________________
Comment by F4L:
If women with children should be at home and not in jail, then the question remains why that should be so. Perhaps the report justified the recommendation by arguing, based on the evidence the authors selected, that it is better for such women’s children to be brought up by women criminals than by the government or by the children’s fathers.
How will that play out in a court of law, in a hearing in which it will be settled what is “in the best interest of the children”?
Millions of anti-father decisions in child-custody cases were rationalized by asserting that they were in the best interest of the children. Still, although there is plenty of evidence that father-custody is almost always better and in the best interest of the children, it has not ever been established in any court of law that obligatorily awarding child custody to mothers is in the best interest of the children.
The reality of the recommendation is that it comes after the fact and only establishes as a rule what is already being done with women criminals. Virtually all women criminals that should be serving time (94% in the US and 99% in Canada) are on the loose. All that will happen when the recommendation of the report is accepted (and that will most surely be not only in the U.K. but in all developed nations) is that the remaining small proportion of women criminals who had the misfortune of being incarcerated will be let loose, too.
Sex ratios of incarcerated prisoners
Unites States: 16 Men for every woman (Note 1)
Canada: 99 Men for every woman (Note 2)
_______
Notes:
- About 12 years ago, the ratio for federal prisoners in the U.S. was 17.6 men for every woman. I don’t know what it is now, but it is quite likely larger now.
- That was the sex ratio of prisoners in the Canadian federal prison system about 12 years ago. The total capacity of all six Canadian women’s prisons then was 258 inmates, while the women’s prisons housed only 150 women criminals, men’s prisons held 13,500 prisoners who were double-bunked.
Those ratios are as likely as men are to commit crimes and that vastly fewer women criminals are serving time in jails or prisons.
Judicial crime statistics are the worst possible source of criminal statistics, as they indicate only one of the consequences of judicial bias, namely how many prisoners of either sex were caught, brought to trial, convicted, found guilty and sentenced to serve time in incarceration. Judicial crimes statistics pertaining to both sexes are a good indicator of judicial gender bias.
It is not practical to make judicial bias applicable to an identical extent to men criminals, because then we would have a catastrophic number of job losses in the judiciary, in its adjuncts and in its support and service industries.
There is an aggravating factor that makes it necessary to be absolutely lenient with women criminals. To keep a woman incarcerated costs approximately 2.5 times as much money than to keep a man incarcerated for an equal length of time.
All of those are arguments in support of letting women go free if they have committed crimes.
Of course that promotes chaos and anarchy, and of course it is damaging to all of society and to the well-being of the children by such women criminals, but is it reasonable to argue that the comfort of some women should be sacrificed, so that society can be protected against them and to deter other women from committing crimes? Is that not looking at things the wrong way when it comes to promoting women’s rights? Should women’s rights and privileges not trump the welfare of society, even the future of civilization?
Those are age-old questions, and the answers to them were expressed and written down more than 2,400 years ago., in Politics
The German soldiers under Hitler had a song whose refrain glorified their intentions for, and possible consequences of, world conquest and Hitler’s 1000-year empire:
Well, Hitler’s soldiers marched and fought until Germany and much of Europe was turned into rubble and ashes, and his 1000-year empire fell to pieces after only 12 years.
So far the redfems are doing much better than Hitler did in their quest for total world domination. They keep on marching and demand more and more until all to pieces shall fall….
So, are the Brits pussy-whipped? Are we?
Does it make a difference whether we are or not? The redfems don’t care. They don’t care how men and children feel about it. No matter how much damage it causes to society, and even if all should fall to rubble and ashes, they want women to be in total power, regardless of the consequences, and no arguments against their wishes is permitted.
The question now is why civilization paid no attention to the common sense approach expressed by Aristotle. Well, Aristotle had the answer to that, too:This is a sponsored post brought to you by Rug Pad USA. Although all opinions are 100% truthful and mine.
***************************
If you've followed along with my blog you'll know that I have some decorating obsessions. One being area rugs! I love them! To me they can make or in some cases break a room. So sad! But, not to worry the choices out there are limitless to say the least.
For years I owned rugs but never bothered to put a rug pad underneath. And why? Mostly for cost reasons. In some cases it was a big enough investment just to buy the rug. Then to have to purchase a rug pad on top of it? I figured my family could slide around and take their chances staying upright!
One day after my Husband had had enough of sliding through the kitchen I bought a rug pad! Great right? Not so much! The rug pad stuck to the floor and caused a discoloration on my beautiful and not mention new wood floors! Not cool!
So I was excited when I was contacted by Rug Pad USA to try out their higher end eco-friendly rug pads that are made in the good ole USA! Besides I'd been gun shy in purchasing a new rug pad for my new living room rug anyway!
You see the market is flooded with low quality, toxic pvc imported rug pads, that can actually be quite toxic and will actually damage certain types of hardwood floors. Rug Pad USA products are guaranteed to never strip, damage or discolor floors and come with a 15-20 year warranty!
They sell a variety of rug pads that will best meet your needs. Their pads are cut fresh from the factory after every order, which is particularly important since most handmade Persian rugs often come in unusual sizes. Every one of their Oriental rug pads are custom cut from large rug pad rolls and shipped within a 24 hour time frame. How many companies can say that? Oh and did I mention that shipping is free?
Eco-Cushion.
So after using our new rug pad for a while now I can safely say that every ones feet are planted firmly on the ground and my beautiful wood floors are safe too!
If you're in need of a rug pad head on over to Rug Pad USA and know that you're bringing in a non toxic product that's safe for your family and your floors!
Thank you Rug Pad USA!!Eberron: Side-Hacks
Merlot d'Vigne
From a family of d'Vigne d'Vigners and wine-makers.
Description:
Race: Elf
Character Level: 5
Class: Diviner 5
Alignment: Neutral Good
10 – Strength: (10 base)
14 – Dexterity: (14 base, 2 racial)
16 – Constitution: (15 base, -2 racial, CL4)
15 – Intelligence: (15 base)
12 – Wisdom: (12 base)
10 – Charisma: (10 base)
3 – Fortitude: (1 class, +2 Con)
4 – Reflex: (1 class, +3 Dex)
8 – Will: (4 class, +1 Wis, +3 feat)
BAB: +2
Attack:
Ray: +5 (+2 BAB, +3 Dex); damage (By Spell)
HP: 29
AP: 7/7
15 – Armor Class: (+1 Armor, +3 Dex, +1 NatArmor)
13 – Touch: (+3 Dex)
12 – Flatfooted: (+1 Armor, +1 NatArmor)
With Buffs: (Shield)
19 – Armor Class: (+1 armor, +3 Dex, +4 shield, +1 NatArmor)
13 – Touch: (+3 Dex)
16 – Flatfooted: (+1 armor, +4 shield, +1 NatArmor)
Feats:
CL1: Combat Casting
Div1: Scribe Scroll
CL3: Metamagic Spellpower
Div5: Craft Wand
Skills:
3 – Acrobatics: (+3 Dex)
13 – Arcana: (8 ranks, +3 Int, +2 synergy)
0 – Athletics: (+0 Str)
8 – Civics: (5 ranks, +3 Int)
13 – Cosmology: (8 ranks, +3 Int, +2 synergy)
3 – Deception: (+3 Int)
3 – Dungeoneering: (+3 Int)
11 – Endurance: (5 ranks, +2 Con, +4 synergy)
3 – Engineering: (+3 Int)
1 – Husbandry: (+1 Wis)
0 – Impress: (+0 Cha)
0 – Intimidate: (+0 Str)
3 – Investigate: (+3 Int)
3 – Legerdemain: (+3 Dex)
3 – Mechanics: (+3 Int)
1 – Medicine: (+1 Wis)
9 – Perception: (8 ranks, +1 Wis)
3 – Psionics: (+3 Int)
3 – Skullduggery: (+3 Dex)
1 – Survival: (+1 Wis)
0 – Swordplay: (+0 Cha)
6 – Theology: (1 ranks, +3 Int, +2 synergy)
0 – Use Magic Device: (+0 Cha)
10 – Willpower: (5 ranks, +1 Wis, +4 synergy)
Languages Known: Common, Elven, Draconic
Equipment:
Weapons
Amulet of Natural Armor +1
Bracers of Armor +1
Wand of Fireball (5th Lvl) (5 charges)
Wand of Scorching Ray (3rd Lvl) (10 charges)
Wand of Daze Monster (3rd Lvl) (10 charges)
Wand of Haste (5th Lvl) (5 charges)
Wand of Shocking Grasp (5th Lvl) (5 charges)
Spells per day:
0th: 4
1st: 4+1
2nd: 3+1
3rd: 2+1
Spells known:
0th: All non-Necromancy
1st: Protection From…, Shield, Comprehend Languages, Detect Secret Doors, True Strike, Mage Armor, Grease, Magic Missile, Shocking Grasp, Enlarge Person, Magic Weapon
2nd: Protection From Arrows, Web, Detect Thoughts, See Invisibility, Daze Monster, Scorching Ray, Hypnotic Pattern, Invisibility
3rd: Dispel Magic, Magic Circle Against…, Clairaudience/Clairvoyance, Tongues, Fireball, Haste
Gold Pieces: 101Escape Artist Offering Reward To Find Un-Escapable Trick
Escape Artist Offering Reward To Find Un-Escapable Trick
COLUMBUS, Ohio (Wireless Flash) A world-renowned escape artist is offering $100,000 to any American who can come up with a trick he cant escape. Michael Griffin has escaped from it all: handcuffs, ropes, a hangmans noose and even a steel coffin that locks from the outside. Thats why hes asking folks to come up with new, yet rational, challenges. If Griffin cant escape from it, he says he will pay the challenger $100,000. There are limitations to what Griffin will accept. For instance, he refused one challenge that involved being chained to the back of a four-wheeler and dragged along the ground. Eventually, the escape artist wants to turn his act into a TV show where viewers phone in and vote on which trick they want to see him escape from.
Fri 05-31-02Over the last few weeks the numbers of small birds has dropped drastically. The coal tits have gone, there are fewer siskins, no blackbirds, and many fewer sparrows, chaffinches and yellowhammers. We think....
However, we can't believe he has eaten all the blackbirds, so it may be that our summer population has moved south for the winter, and that they'll be replaced over the next few weeks by migrants from the north.
We too have resident sparrowhawks and buzzards, and when you add the herring gulls and the crows, it's no wonder I don't have many little birds visiting!
Lovely images.iPad Art: Create a Monster in Procreate
Nic Squirrell, Artist and illustrator.
- 0.5x
- 1x (Normal)
- 1.25x
- 1.5x
- 2
About This Class
Join me in making a cute and quirky monster using the Procreate app on your iPad.
In this 26 minute class you'll be taken step by step through my process from initial sketches to finished art.
I will show you how I comes 90 See All
254 of 255 students recommendSee All
You demonstrated some features in Procreate I wasn't aware of, like the layer you used to paint the monster. I can now use that feature in other illustrations I've created. Thanks so much!
Students
Projects
Nic is an artist and illustrator living in Kent, England.
She studied Creative Visual Art & 3D Design at the University of Greenwich and loved every minute of it.
Her illustrations are on many products from prints to suitcases and everything in between.
She loves drawing on her iPad as well as using traditional media, particularly watercolour.
If anything stays still long enough, Nic will draw on it.
Nic Squirrell's website
Squirrell ...Website Worth and Statistics for Domain: spymac.com
Last update: May 6, 2015
Find the best content from spymac.com right here. Direct fast access to spymac.com. Our network of dedicated servers connects via a fast connection to any website. We do not host any files on our server. Visit spymac.com. This website contains information about spymac.com and. The data come from various sources. spymac.com is not affiliated with us in any way. We offer statistics, hosting information, server information, google pagerank information. Google pagerank of this site can be found below.
Domain information
Site Information
How engaged are visitors to spymac.com
Bounce Raten/a
Daily Pageviews per Visitorn/a
Daily Time on Siten/a
Hosting information
Site Traffic & Worth Estimates
Embed our widget
Copy/Paste this code to your forum
Copy/Paste this code to your website
Related domainsraw, smooth almond butter
(100% natural)
We love almond butter and we make sure to get it right!
Our almond butter is satisfyingly rich and bursting with nutty flavour. Made with natural raw almonds and pure almond oil only, our almond butter is naturally low in saturated fat.
Add to smoothies, baking, oatmeal, bread, pancakes, veggies, and fruit for a nutritious boost.
Comes in 250g and 500g jars!
Features:
Vegan / Dairy Free / No Sugar Added / Raw
Ingredients:
Whole almonds, pure almond oil.
American Flags in Odebolt.
100% Made in the USA!
How did the American flag become exactly what it is today?
Folding the American flag.
The U.S. flag is a solid symbol of American identity and also national pride. Also known as Old Glory, the U.S. flag has a vivid history and also has undergone many modifications starting from the initial main flag of 1777.
Today the U.S. flag contains thirteen straight stripes, 7 red rotating with 6 white stripes. The stripes represent the original 13 colonies; the stars stand for the 50 states of the country. The shades of the flag are symbolic also: red signifies hardiness and valor, white symbolizes pureness and innocence and blue stands for vigilance, determination and also justice. The reason the Continental Congress originally selected the red, white, and also blue shades was not made clear in the resolution adopting the flag. Historians believe it was possibly a color selection based upon the British Union Jack, which had formerly flown over the colonies.
Over time, some have connected slightly different significances to the three colors, as an example, the color red representing the blood spilled to maintain our freedoms, however the essence of the original significance has actually been fairly constant since 1782.
How did the American flag become what it is today?
It is so much greater than the 3 shades or a “decoration”. Think of the locations around the globe that the American flag has actually flown, consider the improvement it has actually gone through throughout the decades on American soil. It is truly humbling to think about all that was given as well as compromised so that the American flag could fly easily throughout this nation.
The flag that started with just 13 stars grew to 50 with the addition of new states to the Union. The variety of stars on the flag progressively increased to its present happen as it will make the flag appear crowded and also it would make the flag unwieldy. It was decided then that the flag would go back to consisting of only thirteen stripes to represent the initial colonies.
The American flag is a sign not only of strength, valiance, purity, innocence, vigilance, determination as well as justice; it is a sign of freedom. Freedom that has actually been battled so hard for over the decades. Freedom that has actually cost this country and the families within a lot, and yet it is still a beacon to those wanting they had the freedom that the nation has.
Folding the American flag.
Traditional flag rules suggests that before an American flag is stored or presented, its handlers should twice fold it in half lengthwise; then (from the end opposite the blue field) make a triangular fold, remaining to fold it in triangles up until the other end is reached. This makes a triangular “pillow” of the flag with only the blue starred area revealing on the outside, and also it takes thirteen folds to create: 2 lengthwise folds and eleven triangular ones.
The flag isn’t really folded in this way since each of the folds has a unique symbolic definition; the flag is folded in this manner because it offers a dignified ritualistic touch that distinguishes folding a flag from folding an ordinary thing such as a bedsheet, and because it results a visually pleasing, easy-to-handle shape. This thirteen-fold procedure was an usual method long before the production of a ritualistic assignation of “suggesting” to each of the actions.
A fancy flag folding ceremony including these definitions has actually since been created for unique celebrations such as Memorial Day and Veterans Day. These connections are “genuine” in the feeling that they mean something to the people who participate in the event, yet they are not the reason that a flag is folded up in the traditional thirteen-step manner.
This is America and its sign is the American Flag. This respectable icon has actually been targetted at, set fire to, spit on and also stomped on, and yet she rises time and again. Even though numerous Americans in the state of Iowa happily fly the flag outside their homes and businesses every day, it is fitting that we, as a nation, have actually set aside one details day every year to honor our flag and also to bear in mind that it stands for the beliefs and also values that we ought to aim to maintain. May God bless America and also those who defend her.
Odebolt ZIP codes we serve: 51458The Book of Origin – Chapter 3
by MJSmith
Chapter 3 – THE SETTING OF THE STAGE – Seth, the spiritual lineage.
Notice that the name God and not the Lord God is used in the two verses above. It brings back to memory the Sixth Day of Truth, hence, as mentioned earlier, I feel that Adam becomes spiritually enlightened with living 130 years, symbolic of the compound man, which is man in God’s image and likeness. This is when Seth, the Third Degree son is begat. Adam is seen from a different standpoint here for he is the “man in the image and likeness of God.” There never were two trees in the center of the Garden of Eden, just as there never were two Adams or two Eves.
The kingdom within
.”[1]
Genesis 5:3 – And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his own likeness, after his image; and called his name Seth:
It is okay, since Adam is finally spiritually translated back to God, that he has a Christ son in his own spiritual likeness, after his spiritual image. Adam has awakened in the Sixth Day of Truth and has gained spiritual understanding, the Third Degree. So his son Seth is of the Third Degree, however, if Seth is to be comprehended in the human realm he must also be of the Second Degree, a divine and human coincidence. There is the parallel lineage of Cain and Seth, both being seven generations from Adam, however, Cain’s progeny are cast out from God’s sight while God eventually translates Enoch, Seth’s progeny, to where there is no death. “By faith [understanding] Enoch was translated that he should not see death; and was not found, because God had translated him.” (Heb. 11:5)
“Seth, settled; determined; founded; set; placed; disposed; constituted; substituted; compensation.”[2] Seth is the substitute for the immoral Cain; hence he is the spiritual sprout of God that is founded. Seth has a place in Bible prophecy.
.”[3]
Man is in a sense a creature of free will, yet he is the Son of God, made in the image and likeness of God. Man is the express image of God and he demonstrates spiritual perfection. His growth into Christ-likeness is accelerated greatly as he comes into a knowledge of Christian Science where the Truth sets you free. Man must think and act consciously, voluntarily, and in harmony with Truth.
Seth is a substitute for Abel, just as Jacob is Esau’s substitute later on. The Second and Third Degrees (representing the human and divine coincidence) must always be the substitute for the First Degree. Adam and Eve are actually forced by adversity to think on a new point of view that is new to them; it is the level of the Third Degree.
“Genesis 5:4 – And the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years: and he begat sons and daughters: And all the days that Adam lived were nine hundred and thirty years: and he died.
What do the eight hundred years after Seth symbolize? It must be the completion of a cycle, moving from Mind to Spirit, to Soul, Principle, Life, Truth, Love, and finally returning back to Mind in the tone of Science. And Adam was the cause of many spiritual ideas (sons and daughters). Adam’s corporeal body was no more; matter is all that ever dies.
Enoch foreshadows the work of the individual Jesus while Noah (the complete rebirth of the human race) foreshadows the universal mission of Christianity leading to Christian Science; the work of the individual – Mary Baker Eddy.
These two set the stage for the entire life-drama of the third period with the children of Israel.
Enos(h) means, “mutable being; transient man; corporeal man; mortal man; suffering man; miserable man.” “Another [man]; man; men; mortal men. ‘.”[4]
This definition is most certainly speaking of the physical man and the opposite of Soul. Enos seems to be a physical man in belief only. If any change takes place it is his mental attitude. Soul is changeless.
Cainan means, “possessor; acquisitor; centralizer; one who fixes and establishes his center; acquisition.” Cainan must establish his objective consciousness in the Truth that man is spiritual. If Cainan is centralized around Principle then he is well established and centered.
Mahalaleel means, “mighty rising; glory of brightness; mighty exaltation; raise a joyous shout to God, praise of God; splendor of God.” Mahalaleel must hold to light and good. If we exalt God in our consciousness we are uplifting ourselves into eternal Life.
Jarad means, “descent; going down; descending; low country; declining descent of spiritual through praise and acknowledgment of God.” What Jarad really represents is the Womanhood that descends as divine Science in the Sixth Day of Truth. This is when the second coming of Christ took place with Mary Baker Eddy.
Enoch means, “founder; centralizer; teacher; instructor; initiator; fixer; repentance; contrition.” Enoch walked with God, he never died. He is the state of thought that is the new (original[5]) spiritual consciousness, the new life in Christ. What must be taught is Love.
Methuselah means, “man of the sword; man of the dart; extension of the sword; swift hurled dart of death; sending forth of death; sting of death.” A quick, piercing thought or word of life, power, and oneness with God, puts away death. The Word speaking Science (Science Word or the S-word = Sword) puts away death, where there is no more death.
Lamech means, “over thrown; leveler; arrester of dissolution; principle of law and order; a strong young man; strength; health; power; principle of life.” Is it not the Christ that over throws material dissolution and practices Principle’s law and Spirit’s order?
Noah means, “rest; calm; quiet; peace; tranquility; equilibrium.” Noah prefigures the Comforter of Christian Science. It is in the union of Christianity (Noah) with Science (the Christ Son Japheth) that man experiences the Sabbath (the Seventh Day of Love)
Noah’s triplet son
The Second Degree
“Shem (Noah’s son). A corporeal mortal; kindly affection; love rebuking error; reproof of sensualism.”[6]
Shem means, “upright; renowned; brilliant; shining; splendor; dignity; sign; monument; memorial; name; the spiritual in man.” (TMBD)
The First Degree
“Ham (Noah’s son). Corporeal belief; sensuality; slavery; tyranny.”[7]
Ham means, “warm; oblique; curved; inferior; hot; blackened.” (TMBD) He is the physical in man, given over to sensuality.
The Third Degree
“Japhet (Noah’s son). A type of spiritual peace, flowing from the understanding that God is the divine Principle of all existence, and that man is His idea, the child of His care.” (S&H “Glossary”)
Japhet means, “extended and wide; extender; widespread; latitude; increase; expansion; unfoldment; absolute existence; infinite space; extends without limited action.” (TMBD) To me this means that Japhet represents the city of our God without walls our boundaries, the +.
I will draw the feminine cup for these three sons, where Shem and Japhet are the human and divine coincidence.,[8] when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare children to them, and some became mighty men which were of old, men of renown.
Genesis 6:5 – And God saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually..
Could this last verse possibly mean that Noah understood that the one true God was incapable of knowing about sin and evil; that this was just a false acceptance about God? Perhaps Noah understood, just like Mary Baker Eddy understood, that God is incapable of knowing sin, of seeing evil, because God did not create sin or evil. And perhaps this is the main reason why Noah is chosen by God.
Genesis 6:9 – These are the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect in his generations, and Noah walked with God [As did Enoch].
Notice (look in your actual King James Bible to see it) that in verse 5 how God has small caps yet here in verse 9 it does not have small caps. Could this be a pointer to the fact that Noah walked with Elohim and not with Jehovah? I think so.
Genesis 6:10 – And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
These three sons are triplets representing the Three Degrees in the scientific translation of mortal mind. Ham is the Physical – depravity, unreality; Shem is the Moral – evil beliefs disappearing, transitional qualities; and Japheth is the Spiritual – understanding, reality.
Genesis 6:11 – The earth also was corrupt [of the First Degree] before God, and the earth was filled with violence.
Genesis 6:12 – And God looked upon the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth.
Genesis 6:13-15 – And God said unto Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me; for the earth is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I will destroy them with the earth. Make thee an ark [a Church].
This ark represents the Ark of the Covenant; it is where man communes with God. God is the only creator. Yet, in this material Adam dream it seems that evil is well and alive and it must have come from somewhere, something must have created it. Is not evil just the opposite of good? If good (Spirit) is all that is real then evil must be unreal and it only seems to exist as an opposite to that which is real. It is Truth (reality) that reverses the physical senses and this is what destroys that which is not real. If we think that two plus two equals five this is an error. However we may believe it to be a reality until we are shown the principle of mathematics and it is this understanding of the principle that helps us to realize that two plus two equals four. Where did the mistake (the error, the evil) go to? It just vanished.
Genesis 6:16 – A window shalt thou make to the ark, and in a cubit shalt thou finish it above; and the door of the ark shalt thou set in the side thereof; with lower, second, and third stories shalt thou make it.
There is a single window, a single eye that looks out toward Truth. And the door is present to allow entrance of the Christ Mind into Noah’s consciousness. The three stories are three levels or the Three Degrees.
Genesis 6:17 – And, behold, I, even I, do bring a flood of [baptismal] waters upon the earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under heaven; and everything that is in the earth shall die.
Genesis 6:18 – But with thee will I establish my [Ark] covenant; and thou shalt come into the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife [divine Womanhood], and thy sons’ wives with thee.
Genesis 6:19 – And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be male and female.
The duality of male and female is not what is really being brought into the ark (church). It is really the understanding that male and female are one whole (completeness); that man is married to God and only God.
Genesis 6:20 – Of fowls [lofty ideas] after their kind, and of cattle [Christ ideas] after their kind, of every creeping thing [cautious thoughts that protect] of the earth after his kind, two of every sort shall come unto thee, to keep them alive.
Genesis 6:21 – And take thou unto thee of all food that is eaten [mentally digested], [your complete conscious thought, all ideas] into the ark; for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation.
Genesis 7:2 – Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens, the male and his female; and of beasts that are not clean by two, the male and his female.
The clean beasts are the pure ideas that are mentally digested, and these pure ideas are Mind, Spirit, Soul, Principle, Life, Truth, and Love; completeness. The human (male) and divine (female) coincidence is not a pure idea if seen as separate ideas. But it is allowed entrance in hopes that it will be acknowledged as pure ideas and accepted in their oneness.
Genesis 7:3 – Of fowls [lofty ideas] also of the air [Science] by sevens [the seven names for God],.
Noah is given the chance to prepare for the flood, he is given the seven days of Genesis 1-2:3 to ponder. The forty days and forty nights is a symbol of the forty weeks that a woman carries a child in her womb, hence the flood is a period of spiritual rebirth where the old is no more and the new-man comes forth from the matrix womb of the Ark Covenant.
Genesis 7:5 – And Noah did according unto all that the Lord commanded him.
Genesis 7:6 – And Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was upon the earth.
The six hundred years symbolize the Sixth Day of Truth when the Holy Ghost floods the earth with divine Science. This is the Day of Mary Baker Eddy.
Genesis 7:7 – And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his son’s wives with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood.
The four husbands represent a divine calculus, but this calculus needs its Womanhood to make it complete. We could say then, that the wives represent the x of the city foursquare while the husbands represent the + of the city of our God. Being one they become the Holy City of God, or the Kingdom of God that is within man’s consciousness. This symbol is even represented in the Great Pyramid of Egypt, as it actually has eight sides instead of four. (As seen in my diagram below.):10 – And it came to pass after seven days, that the waters of the flood were upon the earth.
These are the seven days that Noah had prepared within his consciousness, his going over the seven synonymous terms for God. He was now prepared for the spiritual baptism.
Genesis 7:11 – In the six hundredth year of Noah’s life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains of the great deep [unconscious error] broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.
We already know that the sixth hundredth year means in the Sixth Day of Truth. The second month is a reference to the second man, or the second coming of Christ. The seventeenth day after this second coming represents two centuries after Christ Jesus plus three years, when the third coming takes place. This would be 1999 when the windows of The First Church were understood and when Mother Hood opened the Stargate – Window of the Open Book.
Genesis 7:12 – And the rain was upon the earth forty days and forty nights [to spiritually baptize the earth].
Genesis 7:13, 14 –.
In a way, the creeping things, cattle, and birds also represent the Three Degrees..
Noah was alone with his own being.
Genesis 7:17 – And the flood was forty days upon the earth; and the waters increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lift up above the earth.
The spiritual baptism lifted up Noah’s Church consciousness.
Genesis 7:18 – And the waters prevailed, and were increased greatly upon the earth; and the ark went upon the face of the waters.
The ark rested upon Spiritual understanding.
Genesis 7:19 – And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the high hills, that were under the whole heaven, were covered [spiritually baptized].
Genesis 7:20 – Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountains were covered.
The seven names for God plus the divine calculus plus the four Sciences represent the fifteen cubits upward, being even higher than the Major Pyramid Matrix of Truth or the mountain ranges of Revelation.
Genesis 7:21, 22 – And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth, and every man: And all whose nostrils was the breath of life, of all that was in the dry land [of Adamic mortal mind], died.
Genesis 7:23 – And every living [material] substance was destroyed [dead] which was upon the face of the ground [nothingness], both man, and cattle, and the creeping things, and the fowl of the heaven; and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah only remained alive, and they that were with him in the ark.
Only the spiritually minded is really alive.
Genesis 7:24 – And the waters prevailed upon the earth an hundred and fifty days [150 days].
If we forget about the zero (nothingness of error) we have the number 15 again. So the waters of spiritual baptism prevailed (were victorious) when understood to be Mind, Spirit, Soul, Principle, Life, Truth, Love, the Word, the Christ, Christianity, Science itself, Science, divine Science, absolute Christian Science, and Christian Science.
Genesis 8:1, 2 – And God remembered Noah, and every living thing, and all the cattle that was with him in the ark: and God made a wind to pass over the earth, and the waters asswaged [pacified]; The fountains also of the deep and the windows of heaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was restrained.
“Wind. That which indicates the might of omnipotence and the movements of God’s spiritual government, encompassing all things.” (S&H 597:27)
Genesis 8:3 – And the waters returned from off the earth continually: and after the end of the hundred and fifty days the water were abated.
Genesis 8:4 – And the ark rested in the seventh month [man’s Love for God is peace and rest], on the seventeenth day of the month, upon the [capstone of Truth in the] mountains of Ararat [the sacred land, the Holy Land].
Remember that the seventeenth day represents the third coming of Christ that took place two centuries after Christ Jesus plus three years. The year would be 1999 when Mother Hood came to understand the Major Pyramid Matrix of Truth and the Stargate.
Genesis 8:5 – And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month: in the tenth month, on the first day of the month, were the tops [capstones] of the mountains seen.
The ten months represent perfection and completeness – the androgyne of male and female as one (our marriage to God).  first day represents divine Mind, the All-in-all.
Genesis 8:6, 7 – And it came to pass at the end of forty days [the spiritual rebirth cycle], that Noah opened the window [the Stargate Matrix] of the ark which he had made: And he sent forth a raven [the First Degree], which went forth to and fro [could find no resting place], until the waters were dried up from off the earth.
Genesis 8:8, 9 – Also he sent forth a dove [divine Science] feminine divine Science is taken back into Noah’s conscious thought.
Genesis 8:10, 11 –.
Noah must go through the spiritual footsteps of the seven synonymous terms again before he can send divine Science back into the world. It is of importance that the dove of divine Science is the womanhood that is represented in the Sixth Day as Mary Baker Eddy. This time, in the beginning of the day (the evening) she returns with the symbol of peace. The earth is now swallowing up subconscious error to where there is no more sea.
Noah’s subconscious thought has completely accepted divine Science.
Genesis 8:12 – And he stayed yet other seven days; and sent forth the dove; which returned not again unto him any more.
Again, Noah traverses the “Footsteps of Truth,” when this has been accomplished he finds that his objective thought has completely accepted divine Science.
Genesis 8:13 – And it came to pass in the six hundreth and first year, in the first month, the first day of the month, the waters were dried up from off the earth: and Noah removed the covering of the ark, and looked, and, behold, the face of the ground was dry.
In the tone of Truth as Mind, Mind, Mind (Mind cubed), the flood is no more. Noah is able to uncover the protecting roof of the church to be the Christ Mind because Soul is the only Ego there is. The Big Giant Head of human ego (personal sense) has been uncovered and destroyed.
Genesis 8:14 – And in the second month [Spirit], on the seventh and twentieth day [3 (Soul) x 3 (Soul) x 3 (Soul) = 27; 3 cubed = 27] of the month, was the earth dried.
Genesis 8:15-17 – And God Spake unto Noah, saying, Go forth of the ark, thou, and thy wife, and thy sons, and thy son’s, 19 – And Noah went forth, and his sons, and his wife, and his son’s wives with him: Every beast, every creeping thing, and every fowl, and whatsoever creepeth upon the earth, after their kinds, went forth out of.
The divine calculus will never end.
Genesis 9:1 – And God blessed Noah and his sons, and said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth.
Noah and his sons (really only one son) are reminded of the Sixth Day promise in Genesis 1 when man is given dominion..
Before the flood the animals and the men were supposed to have eaten no meat, now they are given permission to eat meat. What this really means is that man is allowed to mentally digest higher ideas.
Genesis 9:4 – But flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood thereof, shall ye not eat.
Raw meat is forbidden. This simply means that unpurified meat (material substance) is forbidden, it is not to be mentally digested (bloody meat is like the fruit from the tree of knowledge of good and evil). Only Soul can maintain, retain, and sustain the body (church).:7 – And you, be ye fruitful, and multiply; bring forth abundantly in the earth, and multiply therein.
This does not mean that you create man via sexual intercourse (through sin) but that you are to bring forth purified thoughts and multiply these pure ideas.
Genesis 9:8-11 – And God spake to Noah, and to his sons with him, saying, And I, behold, I establish my covenant [of the Spirit of the Law] [new] covenant with you; neither shall all flesh be cut off any more by the waters of a flood [by the Letter of the Law]; neither shall there any more be a flood to destroy the earth [because of the Letter of the Law].
Genesis 9:12-17 – And God said, This is the token [sign, symbol] of the [new] covenant [the Arch.
It is in Revelation 10 that this Arch Covenant is described as the angel (divine messenger) who descends (as divine Science) with a little open book (Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures).
The sign is not necessarily a rainbow because it had not been raining; it could just be a cloud that is multicolored in rainbow hews. But the angel of Revelation 10 is said to have a bow upon his head. This bow or rainbow represents the understanding of the seven synonymous terms for God, specifically in its Word order. Joseph’s coat of many colors is also a symbol for the Arch Covenant for the Spirit of the Law.
Genesis 9:17 – And God said unto Noah [to emphasize its importance], This is the token [symbol] of the [Arch] covenant, which I have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth.
Genesis 9:18 – And the sons of Noah, that went forth of the ark, were Shem, and Ham, and Japheth: and Ham is the father of Canaan [which is where the land of Canaan (the Holy Land) gets its name].
Genesis 9:19 – These are the three sons of Noah: and of them was the whole earth overspread.
These are the Three Degree sons within Noah’s consciousness, and this is what the earth is populated with.
Genesis 9:20,21 – And Noah began to be an husbandman, and he planted a vineyard: And he drank of the wine, and was drunken; and he was uncovered within his tent.
Noah becomes the head of the Christ vine, the church’s body. But he seems to become drunk with “error; fornication; temptation; passion”[9] and was exposing himself within his tabernacle as mortal mindedness instead of “inspiration; understanding.”[10]
Genesis 9:22 – And Ham [mortal mindedness], the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brethren without.
Ham sees his existing roots as being descended of Adam, as being clothed in matter (naked) because he believes his own father is a mortal being. He does not understand his own Christhood, that he could possibly be the Son of God. Because his two brothers are “without” I feel that this means that the two brothers are not really members of Cain’s idea of material organized religion (or church).
Genesis 9:23 – And Shem and Japheth [the human and divine coincidence] took a garment, and laid it upon their shoulders, and went backward, and covered the nakedness of their father; and their faces were backward, and they saw not their father’s nakedness.
This is the true Son, the human and divine coincidence, who refuses to look upon (they walk backward) inequity (nakedness).
Genesis 9:24, 25 – And Noah awoke from his wine, and knew what his younger son had done unto him. And he said, Cursed be Canaan; a servant of servants shall he be unto his brethren.
Noah woke up to the error of the inebriated mortal minded man. What is the harm that Ham really did? Well, Ham did harm to God’s chosen witness during the Second Day of Spirit. Noah was God’s Christ representative. What Ham did was he made the false claim that Noah was a mortal minded man (naked) and that he was drunk (with power) because Noah was head of the Church body (the Christ body). Ham saw Noah as being flawed and an imperfect mortal. Perhaps Ham wanted to be in control of the Church? But he did not get his way as we see in the following verses.
Genesis 9:26 – And he said, Blessed be the Lord God of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.
Mortal mind must be the servant of the human, not the other way around.
Genesis 9:27 – God shall enlarge Japheth, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.
The divine always dwells within the human consciousness, just as the human should always mentally dwell upon his divine nature, and again, mortal mind must serve both the human and the divine.
Genesis 9:28, 29 – And Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years. And all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years: and he died.
This could be a prophecy that mankind lives on earth until about the year 4500. Then he will be totally spiritual. There will be no more material man.
Genesis 10:5 – By these were the isles of the Gentiles divided in their lands; every one after his tongue, after their families in their nations.
The Church of Christ Scientist (Sons of Japheth) versus material organization:
Gomer means, “organic accumulation; organized aggregation; full and complete; finished; perfected; ended.” If human reason fails to reach spiritual wisdom and Truth it is because it believes in organized religion and collecting of material money or possessions. Gomer also means, “completion; heat.” Gomer being the first son of Japheth represents Mind. Mind is full and complete, finished, and perfect. It puts to an end to the organic accumulation and aggregation.
Magog means, “upper north; elasticity; extreme extension; ample covering; enlargement.” The cardinal point for the Word is the north. To me Magog is symbolic of how the Spirit of the Law (in regards with the Word) covers the Earth like a tent. Spirit protects mankind. Magog reminds me of when The First Church of Christ Scientist, in Boston, was gaining so many members that the congregation needed a larger church, so they built the Extension. The Extension stands for good if what is growing is spiritual but what has taken place in the Extension since December 3, 1910 has been the growth of the material organization.
Madai means, “media; medes; sufficiently; measurability; indefinite capacity; middle portion; medium.” Media can relate to books, movies, television, computers, etc., does the media of the Church present the Christ? Or does it put forth the anti-Christ? In Truth Christ is the only medium (media) there is. When the corporeal senses seem to be the medium (a midwife of sorts) between man and God we get the red dragon of ecclesiastical despotism in the churches, where the priests or fathers or even practitioners seem to be the medium for man. The Christian Science periodicals of today are a far cry from what Christ Mary Baker Eddy set up. There is more human intellectualism in them than there are spiritual teachings.
Javan means, “Greece; Ionia; the East; the dove; warmth; fertility; effervescence; productiveness; clayey soil; mud; mire; deception.” Greece and Ionia represent the intellect, even if they are located in the “East” (the cardinal point for the Christ is the East). As above, if the periodicals reflect intellectualism instead of spiritual teachings of Christian Science then we are getting mud (Adam thoughts of deception). The negative meaning of Javan presents non-Principle to the human intellect and what we read or hear may sound good but it is only a deception and we are being fooled because it lacks Principle. Javan really represents the true sense of divine Science (the dove) when we feel the warmth, fertility, effervescence, and productiveness within the periodicals.
Tubal means, “diffusibility; diffusive motion; flowing forth; welling; flowing copiously; leading; conducting; bringing forth; jubilation; shout of joy; triumphal song.” A strong sense of Life is presented by Tubal. However, diffusibility and diffusive motion have some negative connotations. One is that something becomes blurred and the other is that something becomes more material. If the teachings of Christian Science become diffused or unclear then we are in serious trouble. Again, what are the periodicals teaching us? Is the teaching leading “The Way”?
Meshech is really Michael “Who is like God?” Michael, Mary Baker Eddy tells us, is the angel of Truth. Meshech means, “perceptibility; perceptible cause; meditative conceptions; drawing out; deducting.” Meshech’s opposite would be giving testimony to the senses (of The First Degree) instead of gaining spiritual understanding (of The Third Degree). So, who is like God? It must be man who is like God because man is God’s image and likeness; man is God’s reflection.
Tiras means, “formative faculty; determination of forms; thought; imagination; conception; desire; longing.” Tiras is the fullness or completeness that comes in the Seventh Day of Love. The opposite of Tiras would be set limits and boundaries that come from the Board of Directors (or the heads of any church). They may claim that these limits and boundaries are set up for the good of the congregation – saying that the Field is not spiritually advanced enough to read books that they have not “authorized.” When the Letter of the Law (in the Church Manual) is obeyed without the Spirit of the Law then limitation sets in, and the Board has recently referred to the Church Manual as their prison.
Sons of Gomer (Mind as)
Mind – Ashkenaz means, “fire that spreads; latent fire; hidden fire.” Ashkenaz is a state in Armenia that does away with the confused mind of Babylon. It is the destruction of evil and error by the baptismal fire of the Holy Ghost.
Spirit – Riphath means, “centrifugal force; spoken word; spiritual rarefaction; material slackening; remission; pardon; healing.” The mental action of Gomer’s Riphath refines and heals. In physics and medicine centrifugal force is used as a form of separation (this is symbolic of Spirit).
Soul – Togarmah means, “universal centripetal force; centralizing energy; density; gravitation; precipitation; compactness; bony; hard; strong.” Negatively Togarmah would be selfishness (of mortal ego). Is man pulled toward mortal mind or divine Mind, is he pulled toward being egotistical or toward reflecting the divine Ego? What is it that man is going for? Is it material one world government or is it God’s perfect Principle?
Sons of Jovan (Principle as)
Principle as Mind with the Word – Elishah means, “God firmly establishes; God sets upright; uprightness of God; God saves; God who is a help.” Scripture says, “Blue [Life] and purple [Love] from the isles of Elishah [the Word] was thine awning [shade or protection].”
Principle as Spirit with the Christ – Tarshish means, “gravitational energy; precipitant force; hard; hardness; severity; breaking; broken; subdued; subjected; place of the stone; chrysolite; topaz; beryl; amber.” The negative side of Tarshish would be intellectualism. The positive side of Tarshish is that he is composed of rare stone treasures, which would represent the Christ.
Principle as Soul with Christianity – Kittim means, “the cut off; the rejected; outsiders; islanders; schismatic; barbarous; uncivilized; terrible; gigantic; reprobate; damned.” Erroneous (outsiders, islanders, schismatic, barbarous, uncivilized, terrible, gigantic, reprobate, and damned) thought (sense reasoning, the opposite of the divine calculus) must be cut off and rejected. How hard is it for a man, woman, or even some children, to reject that what the five physical senses present to them, or testify to them, is really just an illusion, part of the Adam dream? Schism can mean a division between groups of a church, those who break off with the “official” church are considered to be outsiders or uncivilized because they refuse to follow the church heads (the counterfeits of the divine calculus). Those who break off from the “official” church are called heretics. But if those who break away because the “official” church no longer follows “The Way” then are not the members of the “official” church the real heretics?
Principle as Principled Science – Dodanim means, “covenanters; confederates; the elect; civilized; lovable; beloved; sympathetic; pleasing.” In the negative Dodanim represents the intellectualism of Greece. Positively Dodanim represents the reasoning (divine calculus) of Principle, and those who follow the Ark and Arch Covenants.
Generations of Noah with the First Degree as morally depraved man.
Sons of Ham – Cush (death), Mizraim (sickness), Phut (sin), and Canaan (disease) – the 4 horsemen
Sons of Ham (father to the four horsemen)
death – Cush means, “fire like; burned; blackened; combustible; Ethiopia.” Cush represents the physical, material, and sensual expression. Cush seems to represent the Ashen Horseman of Revelation 6. This brings about death.
sickness – Mizraim means, “Egypt; Egyptians; circumscription; limitation; bondage; affliction; tribulation; straitness; distress.” He is the physical in man given over to sensuality. Sense belief, that the life as well as the organization of man, is bound to matter and this hinders man from receiving good (Spirit), from being healthy, thus, Mizraim represents sickness. I feel that Mizraim represents the red horseman of Revelation 6.
sin – Phut means “bow.” Phut is that which is curved, bent, or crooked (not straight). A bowman is an archer. The off-white horseman of Revelation 6 is an archer; he is the same symbol as Sagittarius. This is symbolic of the flinging or shooting of pointed arrows — dangerous thoughts toward someone. This is what Christian Scientists call mental malpractice. This type of error, which is sin, is what leads to sickness, disease, and then death in man.
disease – Canaan means, “realized nothingness; material existence; traffic in materiality; a merchant; a pirate; low; inferior; low land.” This low land is the subconscious and being consciously aware of a physical body. This type of thought results in death. Because Canaan means “a pirate” he prefigures the black horseman of Revelation 6. What does “realized nothingness” mean? I think it means that all that seems to be realized (that which seems to be real) in ones thought is matter, even though matter is nothing it certainly seems to be SOMETHING to the carnal mind.
Canaan becomes the homeland for the Hebrews. This is not to say that Canaan changes from being materially minded to spiritually minded, it just means the higher spiritual understanding that the Hebrews manifest within their consciousness come to be in the land, and so the material land transforms out of the First Degree into the Second Degree and Third Degree.
Sons of Cush (death) – Seba, Havilah* (later on there is a second Havilah), Sabtah, Raamah, Sabtecha
Seba means, “radical moisture; vital fluid; condensation; sap; sucking up saturation; drinking to excess; drunken; intoxicated; turning; reeling.” Seba is extreme indulgence of the physical sensation. Spiritually translated he represents uplifted thought or the enrichment of consciousness.
Havilah means, “virtual travail; encompassed; surrounded; circular; struggle of elementary life; virtue born of trial; virtue born of courage; brings forth with effort.” In the positive it would seem that the feminine Havilah[11] would be the woman God-crowned of Revelation 12. Negatively Havilah is animal possessions or animal magnetism.
Sabtah means, “determining motion; a turn; orbit; circuit; course of action; striking; stroke; rock.” Sabtah is in his own orbit, he follows his own personal will. The action of sense consciousness falls. Spiritually he has some very good qualities if he follows Principle, he would be as strong as the Christ.
Raamah means, “moved with agitation; trembling; quaking; troubles; tossed with rage; thundering.” Raamah is darkened ignorant thought and he makes a great show of his (seeming) power.
Sebtecha may mean, “lattice; network; snare; wreath; wreathenwork; checker.” I find this interesting because Sebtacha, in the positive, would represent the square matrix (the Network Matrix) that John W. Doorly came up with in the 1940s based upon Mary Baker Eddy’s Textbook. And he may also represent the Unity Matrix (with its circle) because a wreath is round. In the negative Sebtecha would be a snare or trap.
Sons of Raamah – Sheba** (later on there is a second Sheba), Dedan
Sheba means, “seven; cyclic fullness; completeness; fullness of times; fulfillment; an oath; a covenant.” This is the postitive translation of Sheba, which is not really attributed to Raamah. But I feel it is a very good translation of the name because it fits in so well with today’s Seventh Day of Love (that we now live in). The meaning of Raamah’s son’s name is, “rest; repose; stability; equilibrium; reintegration; return to an original state; restoration; redemption.” Some of these qualities also seem to point to the Seventh Day, or the Sabbath Day.
“Sheba pertains to wholeness or fullness on some plane of existence. Whether or not this thought of wholeness, of bringing to fullness and stabilization, belongs to the inner or outer man, to good or to seeming ill, depends on who the persons in the Bible named Sheba were, and on their history. Those who were of Israel and were constructive in their activities would refer to higher and more spiritual thoughts than those who were descended from Ham and from others who were not of Israel.”[12] From this I take it that Raamah’s son Sheba represented the wholeness of error, which really amounts to nothingness.
Dedan means, “mutual attraction; selective affinity; physical love; low.”Dedan represents the lower phase of the physical or animal attraction which would be animal magnetism.
The sixth Son of Cush (death) – Nimrod (has 4 negative *kingdoms)
Nimrod means, “self-ruling will; arbitrary sway; fallen from allegiance; insubordination; rebellion; revolution; anarchy; despotism; misrule; impiety.” Nimrod becomes the king of Babylon and he is responsible for the Tower of Babel being built. His four kingdoms must be places of error.
The 4 negative kingdoms of confusion (Bab.
Babel means – “Babylonia; gate of Bel [Lord Baal]; confusion; chaos; vanity; nothingness.” You cannot contact God via material methods (high towers).
Babel’s material calculus –
Erech means, “long; length; extender; prolonged; attenuated; slack; dissolute; prostrate; prostitute; in a good sense – prolonged; lasting; relaxed; health.” The prostitute definition makes me think of the Babylonian woman from Revelation, she is the opposite of the Word-Bride. With this kingdom (of thought) we have one living in mortal mind that is manifested upon the body as error. Erech is really the extension of material organized religion. This leads to Accad, with a hierarchy of five members on a Board of Directors (instead of four).
Accad means, “a castle; fortress; vantage point; highland.” This actually sounds like a good definition, however, it is actually a protection of the physical and intellect hence it is negatively bad. It is like the high towers of the hierarchy administrations of material organization.
Calneh means, “complete concentration; centralized ambition; a fortress.” Calneh trusts in matter (all-in-self) instead of God (All-in-all). This false trust is easily overthrown. If I were to interpret Calneh as being the overthrown “Deeds of Trust” in the Church Manual what would Christian Scientists think? It was the Board of Directors who violated the Deeds of Trust in the early 20th century. And yes, the Field let them get by with it because they were fooled and taken in by animal magnetism (Calneh – centralized ambition of the Board of Directors).
Shinar means, “two rivers; divided stream; wholly severed; wholly cast off; divided mind; overthrow of restraint; revolution.” These two rivers are the Tigris and the Euphrates. There once were four rivers that met as one, one of them is now dried up. These are, or course, the four rivers in Genesis 2. So remember back as to what they were. But let us think upon this. If the divided stream (of thought) happens to relate to the Christian Science periodicals then what is it that is being divided? It would have to be the woman’s teachings. This division of the river of spiritual teachings has divided the Field into two camps. There are the loyal members who are loyal to a Board of Directors with their organized religion and there are the loyal members who are loyal to Mary Baker Eddy and her system of spiritual science.
These four negative kingdoms must be translated back to four positive kingdoms.
Genesis 10:11, 12 – Out of that land went forth Asshur [son of the Second Degree Shem], and builded Nineveh, and the city Rehoboth, and Calah, And Resen between Nineveh and Calah: the same is a great city.
Ninevah means, “abode of Ninus; exterior growth; growing vigor; colonization; coordination; education of youth; handsome; agreeable.” When Jonah came to Ninevah he was hoping that the people in the city would not change their evil ways so that God would destroy their city. But this was not God’s plan, because the people of Ninevah were not willfully wicked; they only awaited spiritual instruction (from the Christ prophet that Jonah really represented) that would turn their attention away from the outer and material (organization of Church), to God.
The same can be said today of the members of The Mother Church in Boston. They are not willfully wicked when they follow the Board of Directors and cow-tow to their demands. They just await spiritual instruction from divine Science.
Rehoboth means, “broad places; enlargements; bread lands; wide streets; market places; forums.” Rehoboth is the reasoning plane of the divine calculus. Rehoboth gives a sense of church business. A forum is where public discussion takes place. Are Christian Scientists going to be allowed to speak publicly about justice and church business, or are they going to be told to be quiet and shut up? We must be able to speak about God and Christian Science, and about the fact that Mary Baker Eddy is the second coming of Christ, or there is no justice!
Calah means, “completed; finished; soundness; firmness; integrity; strength; balanced judgment; an ancient; an old man (wise man).” Experience has helped bring the “old man” of Christianity to “the place, or degree of unfoldment, wherein he perceives and is willing to unify himself with his indwelling Spirit, that he may enter into true spiritual understanding and godlikeness.”[13]
And Resen is between Ninevah (spiritual growth) and Calah (righteous judgment). Resen means, “executive power; reign of government; control from above; restraint; curbed; a bridle with bit; fountainhead.” Resen in the city (of thought) that allows for God’s directing Mind. Resen follows divine Principle. A bridle with bit symbolizes the divine calculus – what truly directs man, not a Board of Directors. Resen also represents The First Church of Christ Scientist in obedience to the estoppel clauses (“restraint; curbed”) within the Church Manual.
Sons of Mizraim (of Ham) represent seven mistakes that Romanism and material organizations (Egypt) make –
(not Mind) Ludim
(not Spirit) Anamim
(not Soul) Lehabim
(not Principle) Naphtuhim
(not Life) Pathrusim
(not Truth) Casluhim (out of whom came Philistim)
(not Love) Caphtorim.
Ludim means, “travails; strivings; physical generation; conception; pregnancies; nativity; physical birth; childbirth.” The biggest mistake of any mainstream religion is that they believe that man is supposed to procreate through sex because God told man to go forth and multiply the earth. But this going forth and multiplying had nothing to do with sex; it had to do with thought processes, or the creation of spiritual ideas of goodness (no evil is allowed). Ludim does not represent the woman God-crowned or spiritual rebirth; he represents the idea presented by organized religion that man must have sex (physical generation) in order to continue the church’s existence. Physical generation only brings about the belief in “many minds (or brains).”
Anamim means, “statues; rockmen; fountains.” Anamim, the opposite of Spirit, represents the idolatry of personal sense. He counterfeits the Christhood within the consciousness of man, and fountains that bring forth both bitter and sweet waters (duality). The best example would be all the Roman Catholic statues of Saints, Jesus, the Virgin Mary, etc. They also idolize the Pope as their Holy Father, which would be the Christ successor of Jesus. Jesus was chosen by God as the first coming of Christ, however, he was only a man; he was not God, for he called himself the “son of God.” The Church made Jesus God so that the Popes could be God too.
Lehabim means, “inflamed uprisings; blazing exhalations; fiery illusions; flaming; passionate; polished swords; pointed weapons.” Matter substance (the opposite of Soul), or organized church, tries to destroy Spirit by fire (counterfeiting spiritual baptism by fire). The Christian crusades were waged so that Christianity’s enemies were destroyed by weapon warfare. These weapons were of swords that cut down the enemy.
Naphtuhim means, “they of Ptah; the opened; the hollow; the cavernous; the empty ones; the loosened; border people; bowmen.” These Egyptian empty thoughts send forth quick, darting (harmful) thoughts. Naphtuhim is the sense belief that man is subject to evil (and that evil hinders good). It is the belief that man can be separated from God and has his own life to live in organic matter. The bowmen of Egypt are the archers with arrows that doth wound the dove (divine Science). What Naphtuhim really represents, in our modern world, are things like Roman Catholic curses and the dark arts of the Jesuits. There has also been a growth in witchcraft. I am not against white witchcraft, but I do think that Christian Science is really the only true path.
Pathrusim founded the upper kingdom of Egypt (which was actually in the South). Pathrusim founded the false sense of Christianity. He represents material organization of corporeal life.
Casluhim means, “tried for atonement; expiatory trials; forgiveness of sins; hopes of life; fortified.” Casluhim is the belief that fallen man must be tested and put through trials before he can gain the kingdom of heaven.
The Roman Catholic Church set up Confession in order that “one’s sins may be forgiven.” However, sin is only forgiven when it is given up or forsaken. Atonement comes to man when he understands the Truth about his relationship with God, that man has have never been separated from God.
Caphtorim means, “converters; converts.” Many churches have groups of people that volunteer to go out and try to convert people to their religion because they feel (without any doubt) that their church is the one true Church that God created. However, the easiest way to gain converts is simply to “Love thy neighbor.” To Love unconditionally and have no judgment about how the other person is living. To be able to demonstrate Christian Science is the ONLY WAY to gain converts. If the Christian Science practitioners are refusing to take patients because of the “little love in their hearts” then they are not going to be healing anyone and the Church will loose members.
Why is it that when someone calling a Christian Science practitioner for help, that they would rather ask the patient multiple questions (given to them by the Board of Directors) rather than just heal them?
When Mary Baker Eddy took on a patient she never asked them (like today’s practitioners do) if they were taking medicine or vitamins, or if they were attending church services, or reading their Bible Lessons on a daily bases! So why are these things so important to Christian Science practitioners today?
Sons of Canaan – Sidon, Heth, Jebusite, Amorite, Girgasite, Hivite, Arkite, Sinite, Arvadite, Zemarite, Hamathite
Sidon means, “lier-in-wait; providing, i.e., as for a journey; catching of fish; fishery; fishing; hunter; traper; beast of prey.” Sidon represents animal ideas in consciousness, or animal magnetism of mortal mind.
Heth means, “sundered; broken; weakened; destroyed; filled with fear; dismayed; terrified; confounded.” Heth is fear, terror, dread, a resistance to Truth; it is a belief that error (matter) has power.
Jebusite means, “of or belonging to Jebus – trodden down; trampled under foot; a threshing floor; conquered; subjected; utterly subdued; laid waste; contemptuous; profaned; polluted.” Jebusite is a belief in the reality of physical sense.
Amorite means, “dweller of the summits; mountaineers; highlander.” He is a belief in race inheritance (a result of sex). This type of belief is only overcome by spiritual baptism by fire (the Holy Ghost). Amorite is the subjective and objective acceptance that the generation of mortal man is what is elevated to the heights. This is promoted by his religion.
Girgasite means, “of or belonging to that which is dense; condensed; palpable; marshy ground.” Girgasite represents the very material state of thought of the Adam man. His consciousness is not established in Truth. This type of consciousness can only lead to death.
Hivite means, “animation; physical existence; life born of effort; beastiality; wickedness; villager; midlander.” He represents the physical and carnal in a man, that which sides with animal magnetism and fights Truth.
Arkite means, “fugitive; blind passions; brutish appetites; a tusk.” He represents a thought pertaining to the carnal consciousness in man, and this thought can only be hate.
Sinite means, “clayey; muddy; miry; hateful passions; bloody dispositions; bloodshed; rage; combat.” He most definitely is rooted to the Adam man of the red clay matrix.
Arvadite means, “avarice; plunder; piracy.” Arvadite represents that which is willing to take that which does not belong to him and he is willing to break the law (blasphemy) to do it.
Zemarite means, “that which exceeds the limits of moral authority; hunger for dominion; thirst for power; despot; tyrant; rebel.” Zemarite belongs to the “mind of the flesh.” He is what lies behind the material organization with its ecclesiastical despotism. Zemarite represents the opposite of the city of our God.
Hamathite means, “enclosed; defense; heated; passionate; excited.” Hamathite has confidence in matter instead of Spirit.
Genesis 10:19 – And the border of the Canaanites was from Sidon, as thou comest to Gerar, unto Gaza; as thou goest, unto Sodom, and Gomorrah, and Admah, and Zeboim, even unto Lasha.
Sidon – a great increase of ideas in the animal phase of thought
Gerar – a halting place in the physical
Gaza – strength on a purely sense or physical plane
Sodom – concealed or obscure tyrannical thought or habit of man
Gomorrah – a tyrannical state of mind in man that is adverse to the law of Spirit
Since Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed later on during Abraham’s sojourn I want to take a closer look at them. It is interesting that both of these cities have to do with tyranny. Tyrannical means, “characterized by oppressive, unjust, or arbitrary behavior or control: despotic.” (Webster’s New Collegiate Dictionary) So it is this false type of government (like that found in tyrannical governments or in ecclesiastical despotic church governments) that God really destroys. Notice that Gomorrah is adverse to the law of Spirit – or the Spirit of the Law – the Arch Covenant brought during the second coming of Christ with the angel of Revelation 10.
Most people feel that these two cities were destroyed because of the homosexuals found within the city. Paul Smillie writes about homosexuality in his biography on Mary Baker Eddy. What he means by his use of the term is that the male homosexuals of The Mother Church hate Womanhood, they hate Mary Baker Eddy and they did all they could to take away her estate and they do all they can to destroy her place in Bible prophecy. Having said this, could it be this type of homosexuality that the Bible is speaking of needing to be destroyed? I think it is.
Admah – a seeming strength and merciless sureness of the death thought and condition that enter into man’s experience as the result of his carnal, material, adverse thoughts and activities
Zeboim – ravenous appetites, sensual passions, the wild-beast nature, holding away in the sub-consciousness wars against the Spirit
Lasha – representative of the subconscious substance and life in man, ruled over and actuated by various phases of the subjective carnal, sensual mind
Genesis 10:20 – These are the sons of Ham, after their families, after their tongues, in their countries, and in their nations.
Generations of Noah beginning with the Second Degree of moral transitional qualities
Genesis 10:21 – Unto Shem also, the father of all the children of Eber, the brother of Japheth the elder, even to him were children born.
Sons of Shem –
Elam means, “hidden; concealed; remote time; eternal; everlasting; fully developed; a young man; puberty.”
Asshur means, “a step; level ongoing; straightforward; observation of laws.”
Arphaxad means, “son of Shem; a tribe east of the Tigris near Elam and Asshur in the north of Assyria.”
Lud means, “desire to bring forth; generative power; conception; pregnancy; travail; striving; emanating; bringing forth; creation; nativity; birth.” Lud represents the woman God-crowned.
Aram means, “highlands; high; exalted.” He represents the intellectual understanding that must give way to spiritual understanding.
Sons of Aram –
Uz means, “substantial; growing might; formative power; concentration; purpose; plan; impression; imagination; fertility; counsel; advising; consulting; making firm; fixing; hardness.”
Hul means, “circle; circling; turning about; whirling; ecstasy; joy; attending; resolving; hoping; placing faith; turning away; desolation; writhing; travail; sorrow; pain; trembling; fear; terror.”
Gether means, “abundance pressed out; reciprocal increase; vale of trial [the belief that one must work hard to make a living].”
Mash means, “pressing out by contractile force; pressing out of fruits; harvest of fruits.” This presents the results of spiritual demonstration.
The son of Arphaxad is Salah. Shem is the third son of Noah, Arphaxad is the third son of Shem, and Salah is the first son of Arphaxad. With this we get the tones of Soul as Soul as Mind.
The son of Salah –
Eber means, “passed over; come over; overcome; on the other side; beyond; region beyond; beyond the world; ultra mundane; a shoot.” Eber represents the pass over of the Hebrews while in Egypt with Moses. It is the time that death passed over their homes. Death, on the other hand, is called “the other side.” But what is it supposed to be the other side of, the other side of life?
Sons of Eber (in his life the earth was divided) –
Peleg means, “moral distinction; separation through grace; distinction of principle; cleaving; cutting in two; dividing; separating a water course; channel; canal.” Peleg begins to recognize his spiritual being, and his name certainly brings out the tone of Spirit.
Joktan means, “extreme attenuation; that which is diminished; that which is made small; lessened; slight; thin; little; of little concern; a manifest lessening, i. e., of evil.” In homeopathic medicine the attenuation occurs after a chemical element is placed into a liquid and shaken up. This becomes the medicine. However, the matter (which is shaken and becomes diminished) begins to disappear while the mental activity of the doctor increases hence matter becomes impotent while mind becomes the powerful factor in the medicine.
The 13 Arab tribes of Jaktan prefigure the 13 tribes of Israel (in the book of Numbers)
Sons of Joktan (when matter decreases and the spiritual increases) –
Almodad means, “incommensurate; immeasurable; measure of God; agitated; the agitator.” Negatively Almodad represents the wandering Arabians that are the unsettled and unproductive thoughts in man. Spiritually Almodad would be the Holy Grail of God. The agitation of Joktan’s medicine casts out matter with its acceptance of Spirit.
Sheleph means, “reaction; reflection; refraction; emission; extraction; drawing out; plucking; gathering.” Sheleph is a working out from within man’s consciousness, of the spiritual in man for greater expression in and through the individual. Again, the “drawing out” of the material from Joktan’s medicine is a purification process.
Hazarmaveth means, “village of death; court of death.” Hazarmaveth is a strong belief in death. Its conception of justice (court) is always on the negative, condemnation, and destructive side. Spiritually speaking, however, Hazarmaveth could really only condemn and put to death that which is not real.
Jerah means, “compassionate; radiation; radiating brother; he will breathe; he will become inspired; he will have sweet breath; moon; lunar month.” Jerah is light and understanding and presents the idea of brotherly love radiating throughout the world. Because he is of the “moon” we get the sense of Principle’s Forth Day with its lesser light. I would place him on the wheel in the position of the Word as Science.
Hadoram means, “(is) high; highly ornamental; powerful; pompous; majestic.” He is rooted to Hadar (sharp; quick; might; force; hidden principle). Hadoram represents the lifting up of the outer, sense mind of man that counterfeits the Christ Mind. The Christ is the true King within man’s conscious thought. Jesus came in the Fifth Day of Life.
Uzal means, “sympathetic communication; carried rapidly to an object; constant progression; continual going forth; divine spark; purifying fire; purified air.”
Diklah means, “palm tree; palm grove; ethereal lightness.” Diklah is victory, triumph, and illumination (Love). The Palm Leaves of Salvation are the pages of the Christian Science Textbook.
Obal means, “extreme attenuation of matter; uncovered; stripped; bare; naked barren.” This gives us the sense of Joktan’s medicine washing away the Adam dream that man is naked (a material being).
Abimael means, “a father from God; (my) father from God; father of Mael; father of abundance.” Is the father made from a material father or the one spiritual God?
Sheba** is of the number seven, which is Love.
Ophir means, “a final state; fulfillment of an elementary principle; purity; nobility; riches; refined gold; pure gold; gold coast; land of gold; ashes; baseness.” When the divine Mind (the gold) truly reigns in man’s consciousness the carnal (that which is unreal) becomes ashes (dust to dust).
Havilah*
Jobab means, “celestial jubilation; shout of joy; fullness of joy; welling; shout of rejoicing; trumpet call of victory; desert; howling of wild beasts; wail of tribulation.” Jobab represents dominion over error and rejoicing of Truth.
Genesis 10:29, 30 – And their dwelling was from Mesha, as thou goest unto Sephar a mount of the east. These are the sons of Shem, after their families, after their tongues, in their lands, after their nations.
The land of Mesha means the place of the harvest of spiritual fruits; heaped-up; fullness of being; refuge; withdrawal; departure; deliverance; salvation; freedom. Prayer and faith raises man up to salvation (Science and Health). Sephar, means, “spiritual travail; meditating; numbering; recounting; remembering; narrating; engraving; writing; scroll; sacred writings; book; scribe.” A mount (the Major Pyramid Matrix of Truth) in the east (the Christ), represents the within (capstone head-hub), the mountain high plain of thought, or even perhaps a pain of glass, with a window. Could then, this land represent the book itself and the one Church (on the eastern coast of the United States) that is a tribute to God’s scribe, Mary Baker Eddy? I think so.
Genesis 31 – These are the families of the sons of Noah, after their generations, in their nations: and by these were the nations divided in the earth after the flood.
Genesis 11:1 – And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech.
For all spoke Christian Science.
Genesis 11:2 – And it came to pass, as they journeyed from the east, that they found a plain in the land of Shinar [two rivers; divided stream; etc.]; and they dwelt there.
It is because they live in a place of duality that they are fooled into building the tower.
Genesis 11:3 – And they said one to another, Go to, let us make brick, and burn them thoroughly. And they had brick for stone, and slime had they for mortar.
Genesis 11:4 – And they said, Go to, let us build us a city and a tower, whose top may reach unto heaven; and let us make us a name, lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth.
Genesis 11:5,, 11 – These are the generations of Shem: Shem was an hundred years old, and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood. And Shem lived after he begat Arphaxad five hundred years, and begat sons and daughters.
Shem is the Second Degree lineage that Jesus Christ eventually comes from.
[5] This conscious thought only seems new to the carnally minded, but it is man’s original consciousness that he is remembering.Washington state driver license restriction code f 2018 - School bus driver bumper stickers
In the United States of America, driver's licenses are issued by each individual state, territories, and the federal district rather than by the federal government. You will need: An Idaho issued driver license or identification card; For businesses, an EIN filed with the Idaho State Tax Commission; Your renewal notice. Current structural design, construction support, inspection and maintenance engineering of all State highway structures. Links to motor vehicle and road information.
Free download driver for kingston datatraveler g3
Gun laws in the United States regulate the sale, possession, and use of firearms and ammunition. State laws (and the laws of Washington, D.C. and the U.S. territories. State Ignition Interlock Laws. Updated December Below is information on state ignition interlock laws. All 50 states have some sort of ignition interlock law. A. If a vehicle meets the above listed criteria, contact the Washington County Sheriff’s Office Records Department at () to report it.
U.S. national, state and local laws The following are some laws and regulations relating to laser pointers. This is not a comprehensive list, and it does not cover. Subdivision 2 Game, Furbearers, Nongame and Depredators Chapter 1. General Provisions and Definitions § General Prohibition Against Taking Resident Game.Welcome to the VA Office of Small And Disadvantaged Business Utilization (OSDBU). Trucker Docs answers FAQ about FMCSA regulations and DOT physical requirements to get your CDL medical card.
Download driver vga asus eee pc series windows 7
Federal government web portal for veteran owned businesses. Supports the implementation of the Veterans Entrepreneurship and Small Business Development Act of. Get the latest breaking news across the U.S. on jalriameolei.tk This is a selection of recent court cases affecting cities, towns, counties, and special purpose districts in Washington State within the last five years, listed in.
The U.S. Department of Transportation, with the Federal Aviation Administration and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, have issued an. Trucker Docs answers questions from commercial drivers about DOT physical requirements, FMCSA regulations, medical certificate, and DOT long form.§ Short title of title. This title shall be known and may be cited as the Game and Wildlife Code. Curious to see how much your NJ traffic ticket costs? look it up here. , and more!
Hp scan 2400 driver for win7
Title 1: Government. General Provisions. Chapter 1. Definitions. Article 1. General Definitions. § Northern Mariana Islands: Defined. § Commonwealth: Defined. A question mark ("?") without a number means that particular form of gambling is legal in that state, but the minimum age requirements, if any, are not known. Session laws not yet codified. As the Washington State Legislature adopts new laws, those new laws occasionally become effective before the state’s Office.
General Deer Hunting Rules A hunter must carry personal photo identification (such as a driver’s license) or a secondary form of positive identification while hunting. a. general provisions b. subject vehicles c. emission test procedures and emissionstandards d. official emission inspection.Having trouble with your Primera product or have a question? Contact customer support to resolve your issue. This rule is promulgated pursuant to the authority vested in the superintendent under section of the Revised Code. (C) Other public notice by superintendent. Driver zte mf110 windows 7, Check status of florida driver license, Hp laserjet 1320 driver free download xp, How to install new dvd driver, Microsoft lifecam vx-3000 driver windows 10, Presario v2000 wireless driver ubuntu, Driver san francisco walkthrough part 3, Asus p5l 1394 audio driver download
0 Replies to “Driver citizen ct-s310ii windows 8 - Driver canon mp250 windows 8 64 bits ”Eames Lounge Chair
The Eames—the chair with Ottoman retail for around $3,200 or more in the US, depending on the selection of veneer and leather (leathers by Edelman, recently offered by Herman Miller, add considerably to the cost). In Europe, Vitra's versions are considerably more expensive (around $9,000 for the classic Palisander / black leather version). In part the appeal of the chair comes from its comfort. The Eames focused first on usability in their designs.
-The seat is balanced on a five-star,die-cast aluminum swiveling base
-360 degree rotation is available
-The leather is available in black,tan, white, beige and brown and so on.
-Sit comfortable, elegant and generous.In order to reduce stress, eliminate fatigue effect.
-Applicable people: the boss, business white-collar,, designers, have individual character demand and other high-end consumption crowd
-Application places: study, office, hotel, leisure clubs, villas, sitting room, lounge, example room, sales offices, etc
Designer : Charles Eames& Ray Eames
In continuous production since its introduction in 1956, the Eames Lounge Chair is widely considered one of the most significant designs of the 20th century. It was the culmination of Charles and Ray Eames' efforts to create a club chair using the molded plywood technology that they pioneered in the '40s. In Charles Eames' words, the vision was a chair with the "warm, receptive look of a well-used first baseman's mitt."
- Item:Charles-Eames-Lounge-chair-and-Ottoman(TC-0139L)
- Designer:Charles Eames& Ray Eames
- Struct:
- KD Structure
- Size: Seat : 72*83.5*79；Footrest : 65*53*41.5
- Material(Optional):Leather/Fabric/cashmere+Wooden
- Apply TO:Living Room Chair
- Country of origin:ShenZhen China
- Custom-made:Custom-made is also for buding companies,design companies,bars,hotles,hospitals
- Guarantee: 2~5 year
- Freight: Sea transportation
- Lead time: 15~30 days
- PRODUCTS |
- NEWS |
- SERVICES |
- VIDEO |
- MAINTENANCE
A rainbow crosswalk in Atlanta has been painted as a “symbol of unity”:
🌈 Busy midtown intersection closes as the city installs rainbow crosswalks this weekend: pic.twitter.com/WYPcY5qnUC
— WSB-TV (@wsbtv) July 2, 2017
Atlanta celebrates Pride by announcing permanent rainbow crosswalk 🌈 😍
— huffpostqueer (@huffpostqueer) June 14, 2017
The price tag was reportedly quite high. How high?
The city of Atlanta says the new rainbow crosswalk in Midtown cost $196,000. pic.twitter.com/0mjrH0rs1c
— Everything Georgia (@GAFollowers) July 12, 2017
Atlanta's $196,000 rainbow crosswalks | Was it worth the price tag?
Here is what you said: #AtlantaAlive pic.twitter.com/o2PQW0hvNW
— 11Alive News (@11AliveNews) July 13, 2017
Easy come easy go with the taxpayer dollars, apparently.
When I lived in Key West, the city did this at a cost of exactly $4K, and the city only paid half of that.
— Emily Zanotti (@emzanotti) July 13, 2017
cost of paint & labor for 1 crosswalk: $196,000
funds not spent on actually helpful municipal services: $196,000
Propaganda value: Priceless
— Fresh (@FreshAiracle) July 12, 2017
What kinda fucking paint yall buy?
— Marcus (@BlvckGrip) July 12, 2017
20 gallons of paint and a couple of rollers and I would have done it for a case of beer and a couple grand.
— B McMahan (@Huckcat) July 13, 2017
What a waste of money. Someone could have EASILY done that for $1,000
— Michael Luoma (@theTURT_22) July 12, 2017
Nothing against the crosswalk but where'd they buy the paint? Holy hell I'm moving to Atlanta and opening a Sherwin Willams! High $ paint!
— Tony Bowman (@tbowman88) July 13, 2017
Are my Atlanta friends paying too much in taxes?
DEMAND to see competitive bidding process on this job.
— Sandy (@RightGlockMom) July 13, 2017Early Black A.A. Leaders
and their friends
PHOTOS NO. 2
Joe McQuany of the Joe and Charlie tapes
Joseph Daniel McQuany
Nov. 16, 1928 - Oct. 25, 2007
Joe McQuany
Joe McQuany
Charlie Parmley, the other half
of the Joe and Charlie tapes
Charlie Parmley (left) and Joe McQuany (right)
Joe McQuany (left) and Charlie Parmley (right)
in Marathon Key, Florida, in 1989
Charles A. Parmley
April 8, 1929 - April 21, 2011
Charlie Parmley
Joe McCoy
Joe McCoy began taking on Joe McQuany's job in conducting
the Big Book study groups during the late 1990s when the latter
began finding it more and more difficult to travel. Joe McCoy
then died on November 24, 2014 at the age of 75.
Joe McQuany and Theodoshia Cooper
Joe McQuany and Theodoshia Cooper
####
####Chelsea House Arrow Console Table
Welcome to our online shop. Are you looking for , this is the nice choice for you. Because we have a very good price of and You can read reviews of this console and sofa table Here!. it will be out of stock Soon, Let's go to shop now!We all know that a plant-based diet is the optimal way to eat, but slicing and chopping endless veggies can be very time-consuming, which makes us less likely to sustain a healthy lifestyle. One solution is to get the all-in-one Chop N’ Slice Pro. With 7 interchangeable blades that fit safely and securely onto the box lid and a handy container to collect and store the produce, this is one inexpensive, fast and fun way to enjoy your veggies!Young people in Christ Church pioneered reading the whole Bible, starting in the summer of 2010. They have contributed most of the quotes on this page
2011 marked the 400th anniversary of the publication of the Authorised (King James) translation to promote Bible reading. Along with many other churches we encouraged our members to start reading the whole of the Bible in that year. We also wanted to follow the example of many of our younger members who had taken up the challenge several months earlier at Soul Survivor.
Reading and studying the Bible is a great thing to do at any time, and this page lists some resources - mainly online - to help us to do this.
Both sites allow the whole Bible to be read or searched in a variety of translations, and offer commentaries and other resources.
Both the above sites offer the New International Version (NIV), which is the translation used for public readings in Christ Church. Christian bookshops stock a range of modern English translations.
A site created specifically for users with vision disabilities.
Daily Bible readings with devotional notes.
Read the whole Bible, the New Testament or selected passages in a systematic way. A whole Bible plan typically covers about 4 chapters a day (depending on length), chosen to provide variety in what is being read.
A Bible reading programme based on 100 selected passages. Scripture Union publish a companion book a for this programme (see picture) and provide a downloadable planner listing all 100 passages.
Some of the websites listed on this page offer companion apps for iOS and Android.Dog Walkers in Woods, ND
Book a dog walker to give your dog a 30-minute walk around your neighborhood.
Experienced & Responsible
Fargo, ND, 58103
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
Avid runner for your energetic dog
Fargo, ND, 58104
Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
Caring pet-sitter
Fargo, ND, 58103
House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Dog Walking
Lifelong animal lover and advocate
West Fargo, ND, 58078
Dog Boarding, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
Pet lover, and owner.
Fargo, ND, 58103
Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care, Dog Walking
Stay at home mom and animal lover!!
Kindred, ND, 58051
Dog Boarding, House Sitting, Drop-In Visits, Doggy Day Care
Quality Care for Your Fur Family!
Fargo, ND, 58103
Dog Boarding, House Sitting,
Rover also offers dog walking in:
When you need dog walking services, we doubt you'll find a better experience than through Rover. Thanks to our wide selection of dog walkers in Woods, Woods, Woods, ND, you'll be amazed at how easy it is to find the ideal dog walker with Rover.com. We take the guesswork out of selecting the perfect Woods dog walking services for your needs. The dog walkers listed on Rover have been reviewed and approved, and - most importantly - they love dogs. In fact, 95% of reviewed stays and walks have a perfect five-star rating. When a dog walker in Woods, Woods, ND with Rover's dog walking services, whether it's a one-time emergency or a daily appointment.
In short, when you book Woods Woods,!In the reign of Khasekhemwy,
a calendric calibration of great importancewas made and recorded on his monument.
That statue records a date of 479 years and 120 days,i.e. 120 days are intercalated for the tropical yearin the 480th year ater 3117 BC (much as we insert leap years every 4 years).
April 18,2638 BCi.e. the year- 2637
RunningYear 480
Julian Date 758000planetary conjunction of the Sun, Moon, and Jupiterat the crossing of the ecliptic and the celestial equator.
In the reign of Khasekhem (Chasechem),who thereafter apparently names himself Khasekhemwy,a calendric calibration of great importance was madeand recorded on the base of the statue of Khasekhemwy.That statue records a date of479 years and 120 days,a calendric monument to theintercalation of 120 daysin the 480th year ater 3117 BCSir Isaac Newton himself, the greatest of all astronomerspoints to the solution. As Newton notes, the ancient Pharaohs were the first to introduce a solar 365-day year.
Duncan Steel, in Marking Time, John Wiley & Sons, N.Y., 2000,writes at p. 39 that the Egyptians"abandoned the lunar months in their 365-day calendar. This calendar had twelve months, each of 30 days precisely, and at the end of every year five supplementary, or epagomenal, days were included. In Latin this design was called the annus vagus, or "wandering year," because the solar year wandered relative to the Moon."
However, the Pharaohs were in 3117 BC not yet aware of the true 365.2422-day length of the true tropical year, which even we today generally round to 365.25 days for leap year intercalation every 4 years.
Using their 365-day calender, the Pharaohs would soon have noticed that the Seasons did not keep time with this 365-day figure and that a calendric correction had to be made as the centuries passed. This correction was made in the 480th year of the reign of Khasekhemwy.
Significant here is that it was the Pharaoh Khasekhemwy during whose reign the astronomical ceremony of pedj shes (stretching the cord) [< Indo-European, e.g. Latvian pedu stiep "to stretch the path"] is first attested on a granite block in Egypt. This method relied on sightings of the Great Bear and Orion ... constellations, using an "instrument of knowing" (merkhet) [Pharaonic merkhet < Indo-European e.g. Latvian merket, "to aim and measure"], which was similar in function to an astrolabe, and a sighting tool made from the central rib of a palm leaf, thus aligning the foundations of the pyramids and sun temples with the cardinal points.... British Museum Dictionary of Ancient Egypt, under "astronomy and astrology", p. 42.
Below is an even greater enlargement of the number 479 written in "stick figures" FOUR long sticks, SEVEN middle sticks and NINE short sticks - all for "years"These "sticks" are e.g. symbols of papyrus, etc.,but only in later dynasties of fixed ordinal importance.See the Pharaonic Numbers and the Heb-Sed feast.The two circular whorls are later "hundreds"but here are "sixtys" as in the sexagesimal system and mean 120 "days".
The erring Egyptologists think their reading of 47209 for the above number is allegedly the number of dead in wars waged by Khasekhemwy due to "fallen" warriors inscribed around the foot of the stone statue! This is preposterous.Even in the modern age, a Napoleon came to Africa with only 50,000 men as his entire army. As many a military historian has pointed out, there were far fewer people and smaller armies in ancient times. The fallen men shown on the statue are the dead years of the past.
The Egyptologists erroneously read the four notches as ten-thousands, and the number "Seven" as grouped in "3 and 4" as thousands, which may be correct for much later dynasties but not in the Old Kingdom.
At this early stage of writing, the ordinal decimal positions of the numbers were not fixed as later, but only dependent upon the RELATIVE POSITION of the symbol with respect to the other symbols. We find a similar phenomenon in the Egyptologists' erroneous readingof the Narmer Heb-Sed feasts.
The hieroglyphs (enlarged graph below) preceding the number 479read GADU SAINI = Latvian "year bunches, i.e. year sums, years".
To commemorate his calendric discoveriesKhasekhemwy then created a shrineincorporating the four cardinal points at the South Endand the lunar cycles of alternating 29 and 30 days(20 rooms per side plus 9 + 1 in the middle) at the North End.Included also were apparently the 33-year cycle(which was also applicable to seasonal cycles of the Sun and Moon- as in Muslim calendration - where "the months regress throughall the seasons every 32 1/2 years").
The British Museum Dictionary of Ancient Egypt writes as follows under Khasekhemwy, p. 150: "His tomb, nearly 70 m in length, is not only the last royal tomb in cemetery B at Umm el-Qa'ab but also the largest and most unusual. The substructure consists of a central corridor, flanked by thirty-three storerooms - see also Malia - for funerary offerings, leading to a stone-lined burial chamber which is then followed by a continuation of the corridor flanked by ten further maybe by ten further magazines".
Khasekhemwy`s gigantic temple is like the ancient tombsof the British Isles at about the same comparable historical period.We also find this trapezoid form in Wayland´s Smithy in the Vale of theWhite Horse, as also at Nazca, in all cases involvingthe measurement of the stars, moon and or sun in some manner.
If one takes the length of rule - 253 - assigned by Manetho as the "sum" of the first dynasty, then the 479th year and April 18, 2638, BC is the end of the reign of Neferkeris. And only here does the Turin Canon of Kings first BEGIN to give a length of rule to its kings - lengths of rule which greatly depart from Manetho's "star" reigns but which follow the Egyptologists' dating of the rest of the Old Kingdom pharaohs, placing the end of the Old Kingdom ca. 2156 BC.
Manetho's list clearly lists star realms after this point. When we follow Manetho's lengths of "stellar" rule further, they place the end of the Old Kingdom at 1657 BC, i.e. 1460 years (a Sothic Year) later than 3116 BC. (With Nitokris this will be 1645 BC)
So why is the Turin Canon different? The so-called "lengths of rule" on the Turin Canon add up to the next 480-year period. Khasekhemwy is given a "lifetime" of 70 years on the Turin Papyrus and a rule of 25 years up to the 480th year. If we take that difference of 45 years and add those 45 years to remaining "lengths of rule" of the remaining Pharaohs of the Old Kingdom, their sum is then 481. The figures are45 + 8 + 11 + 27 + 19 + 19 + 6 + 6 + 24 + 24 +23 + 8 +18 + 4+ 2 +7 + 12 + 7 + 30 + 8 + 28 + 30 + 20 + 4 + 90 + 1 = 481thereafter a break in the dynasty at Nitokris.Hence, according to this analysis, it could be argued that the Old Kingdom began on December 25, 3117 BC and ended 480 + 480 years (960 years) later, i.e. on ca. December 25, 2156 BC (the graphic below shows December 21, 2156 BC, i.e. (minus) - 2155, Julian Date 934298. But this would mean - after Khasekhemwy - that only the kings with a "length of rule" on the Turin Papyrus served as pharaohs, with the remainder of kings on Manetho's list representing "calendric star kings", who were given a stellar realm but who did not serve as pharaoh. Of course, as far as the actual "Kingdoms" were concerned, a Kingdom was actually 684 years, not 960 years. See NarmerCreative Tree Pattern Antiskid Floor Mat
Processing Time: This item will be shipped out within 5-10 business days.
|Free Shipping
USD USD
235784401 Qty
- buyer protection|Learn More >>
- 30 Day Returns Guarantee
- Full or partial refund if the item is not as described
- Full refund for damaged items.Website Worth and Statistics for Domain: moreflavor.com
Last update: Nov 2, 2015
Find the best content from moreflavor.com right here. Direct fast access to moreflavor.com. Our network of dedicated servers connects via a fast connection to any website. We do not host any files on our server. Visit moreflavor.com. This website contains information about moreflavor.com and. The data come from various sources. moreflavor.com is not affiliated with us in any way. We offer statistics, hosting information, server information, google pagerank information. Google pagerank of this site can be found below.
Moreflavor.com's three-month global Alexa traffic rank is 13,358,398.
Domain information
Site Information
How engaged are visitors to moreHelia Voice
Current generation phone systems are full of powerful features once reserved for international companies. We find that each of our customers finds a different features valuable based on their business model. Features are not available on all systems and each system has its strengths. We at Helia are experienced technology professionals who share common values. We are pragmatic, focused and interested in what is happening in our customers business. Our community draws on each of our individual skills and passions to execute the visions of our customers. Entrepreneurs at heart, we know where the bumps will be and take the best shortest route together to get the project out the door on budget and schedule.
Phone: 403-698-0700
Calgary, AB
T2H 2K6
Total Reviews: 0
Rating:
Category:
Website:
Related Links
- used mobile crushers price south africa
- used coal crusher price in south africa
- 900x3000 energy saving ball mill china price
- price list of stone crusher
- low price sand making machine in tamil nadu
- crushing mashine price list
- ball mill price list grinding mill china
- aggregate screening equipment price
- small hammer mill price
- ballast grinding machine price
- mb crusher price in india
- price on all jaw crusher plant
- price of pilot plant cone crusher
- mobile crusher plant price india
- mobile jaw crusher price rent
price of conveyor belt per meter
Belt Conveyor Price, Belt Conveyor Price Suppliers and
Belt Conveyor Price, Wholesale Various High Quality Belt Conveyor Price Products from Global Belt Conveyor Price Suppliers and Belt Conveyor Price Factory,
China PVC Conveyor Belt, Conveyor Belt, Sidewall Belt
Year of Establishment: 2007-06-22 Management System Certification: ISO 9001 Conveyor Belt Stone processing FOB Price: US $20-50 / Square Meter Min
Conveyor Belt With Best Price, Conveyor Belt With Best Price
Conveyor Belt With Best Price, Wholesale Various High Quality Conveyor Belt With Best Price Products from Global Conveyor Belt With Best Price Suppliers and
Conveyor Belt | eBay
Find great deals on eBay for Conveyor Belt in Material Handling Conveyors. Shop with confidence.
meter price_
But I quitted when I heard CNPC purchased the whole building at the price of 9476 per square meter with the sum price of 20.6 billion RMB while th
News reported. Although the average price of residential
Although the average price of residential houses in the United States, after converted to Renminbi, is about 8,000 yuan per square meter, the houses in
Why Weibull Distribution Can Be Used To Describe Belt Segment
Belt replacement strategies based only on distribution function obtained from statistical analysis of historical data have insufficient precision due to big
- Manufacturers, Suppliers & Exporters of Conveyor Belts
Find here details of companies selling Conveyor Belt, for your purchase requirements. Get latest info on Conveyor Belt, suppliers, manufacturers, wholesalers,
Conveyor belt - Wikipedia
A belt conveyor system is one of many types of conveyor systems. A beltThe conveyor belt was manufactured in 300-meter lengths on the Indian side
Manufacturing Co. Limited. Manufacturer of Conveyor Belt
More Products: Conveyor Belt RELATED PRODUCTS Agrinet C Why choose this product Made with leno weave with a weight of 58 grams per square meter, thanks
Structure From Tail Drum To 30 Meter Of Conveyor Belt Of
2016915-Tenders are invited for Replacement Or Repairing Of Worn Out Deck Supporting Structure From Tail Drum To 30 Meter Of Conveyor Belt Of Unit N
Germany CYKLOP Sack balers, PET plastic steel belt balers,
belt, the unit price per meter lower than the steel belts, to reduce of packaging equipment / materials and automated assembly line / conveyor. The
Europe Rubber Conveyor Belt Industry 2016 Market Research
Europe Rubber Conveyor Belt Industry 2016 Market Research Report is a market research report available at US $3600 for a Single User PDF License from RnR
Continuous Conveyor Belt Price - Buy Cheap Continuous
Comparing continuous conveyor belt prices. You can easily wholesale quality continuous conveyor belt at wholesale prices on Made-in-China.com. Related Sea
Flat Conveyor Belt suppliers and Flat Conveyor Belt
Flat Conveyor Belt product listings on SeekPart.com - Choose quality Flat Conveyor Belt products from large database of Flat Conveyor Belt manufacturers and
Multiply fabric conveyor belt - MF - SENYU (China Trading
Multiply fabric conveyor belt MF - SENYU Products Made In China, China Trading Company. Multi-ply Fabric Conveyor Belts are named according to different
Beijing housing price hits 500,000 yuan per square meter
2015617-Beijing has set a new housing price record of 500,000 yuan (about $80,550) per square meter for a courtyard-style property, China Business N
Timing Belt Conveyor Price - Buy Cheap Timing Belt Conveyor
Comparing timing belt conveyor prices. You can easily wholesale quality timing belt conveyor at wholesale prices on Made-in-China.com. Related Searches:
Rubber Conveyor Belt Price, Rubber Conveyor Belt Price
Rubber Conveyor Belt Price, Wholesale Various High Quality Rubber Conveyor Belt Price Products from Global Rubber Conveyor Belt Price Suppliers and Rubber
(7)_
201598-of conveyor or belt per meter mass of idler rotor mass of pulley rotor width of conve
TD-75 type belt conveyor
TD-75 type belt conveyor from Hebei Shuanghuan Conveying Equipment Manufacturing Co.,Ltd on Manufacturer.com. This supplier is located in Qingdao, China in
Nylon Conveyor Belt Price, Nylon Conveyor Belt Price
Nylon Conveyor Belt Price, Wholesale Various High Quality Nylon Conveyor Belt Price Products from Global Nylon Conveyor Belt Price Suppliers and Nylon Conveyo
Conveyor Belt | FEIFAN RUBBER BELT TECHNOLOGY CO.,LTD
Although the average price of residential houses in the United States, after converted to Renminbi, is about 8,000 yuan per square meter, the houses in
accepted price of conveyor belt - Wholesale accepted price of
Wholesale accepted price of conveyor belt - buy latest accepted price of conveyor belt direct from 4002 accepted price of conveyor belt Factories. All
Nylon Conveyor Belt (Nn) from manufacturers, factories,
Nylon Conveyor Belt (Nn) handpicked and dropshipped from quality manufacturers, factories, wholesalers and distributors on ECVV.com.
Of Conveyor Belt, Of Conveyor Belt Suppliers and
Tags: Pvc Conveyor Belt Contact Supplier Add to Compare Good price of car fan belt conveyor belt US $0.2-1.3 / Meter 500 Meters (Min. Order
conveyor belt cut costs. Thus
2010108-Double Arrow shares of production tubular conveyor belt product price per square meter under 55 yuan, high value-added products, the product
Tpu Conveyor Belt Price - Buy Tpu Conveyor Belt Price,
Tpu Conveyor Belt Price , Find Complete Details about Tpu Conveyor Belt Price,Tpu Conveyor Belt Price,Conveyor Belt Price,Conveyor Belt from -Foshan Pengde
as per request price of conveyor belt - Wholesale as per
Wholesale as per request price of conveyor belt - buy latest as per request price of conveyor belt direct from 3645 as per request price of conveyor
flsmith price of conveyor belt per meter
Home > Feed News > flsmith price of conveyor belt per meter flsmith price of conveyor belt per meter conveyor run per meter price - Belt conveyersApplication Number: 00122064
Application Date: 2000.08.15
Publication Number: 1337360
Publication Date: 2002.02.27
Priority Information:
International: C01G51/08
Applicant(s) Name: Hengchang Chemical Co., Ltd., Shantou
Address:
Inventor(s) Name: Zhuang Jingfa
Patent Agency Code: 00000
Patent Agent:
Abstract The production method of cobalt chloride by using cobalt slag containing iron and manganese includes the folloiwng steps: dissolivng cobalt slag in acid, when the acid-solution is reached to reaction end point, adding a proper quantity of oxidant, using needle ironstone precipitation method to treat reaction liquor to remove iron, adding permanganate to iron-removed filtrate to make Mn (II) being in reaction liquor be oxidated, and made into manganese dioxide, the recovery rate of manganese being in solution is greater than 98%, and recovery rate of manganese being in cobalt slag is greater than 85%, the adding dicarbonate in manganese-removed filtrate to obtain cobalt carbonate, and the recovery rate of cobalt is greater than 95%. The cobalt carbonate can be undergone the processes of hydrochloric acid dissolving, concentrating and crystallizing, and the purity of coblat chloride crystal is above 95%. It is specially applicable to prepare cobalt chloride by uisng cobalt slag produced by using low-pressure carbonylation to synthesize phenylacetic acid, and its by-product manganese dioxide can be used as resource.
Method of preparing cobelt chloride with colbalt slag containing Fe and Mg
Application Number: 00122064If You Enjoy PSP Cursor
PSP Cursor can be lots of fun! Wizard101 also has lots of great Cursor features. PSP has interesting Cursor features that have been very successful. This game gives players a unique experience with Cursor excitement. PSP Cursor lets you experience PSP in a whole new way. If you enjoy PSP.In order to properly verify a patient you will need the patientÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s ID number and D.O.B. as it appears on their Identification card. The patient number can also be found on the letter of recommendation. If you would prefer to verify the patient over the phone, or can not locate the patient id # please call (619) 291-7216. *Please note, if the patient was seen today, our system requires 4 hours from the time the patient leaves our office to update.
Disclaimer- this verification program is designed for patient verification only. It is recommended that the patientÃ¢â‚¬â„¢s information is matched to the letter of recommendation and or the ACC ID card that is issued to the patient at the time of the appointment. All letters of recommendation should be accompanied by a valid photo identification card. Any abuse, deception or misuse of this verification application will lead to possible legal actions and revocation of verification privileges.Home »Best Rugs For Wood Floors » Best Rugs For Wood Floors
Description: Best Rugs For Wood Floors from the above 1000 x 1000 px resolutions which is part of the Best Rugs For Wood Floors directory. Download this image for free in HD resolution the choice "download button" below. If you do not find the exact resolution you are looking for, then go for a native or higher resolution.
Detail Of Best Rugs For Wood Floors
Title : wood flooring square texture seamless 05435
File Size : 1000 x 1000 px
File Type : image/jpeg
Download :Small Size °Large Size °
This Best Rugs For Wood Floors is provided only for personal use as image on computers, smartphones or other display devices. If you found any images copyrighted to yours, please contact us and we will remove it. We don't intend to display any copyright protected images.Ski / Snowboard » Backcountry / Avalanche
Voile DIY Snowboard Split Kit
DIY Snowboard Split Kit$159.95
$79.98raises $5.76
view more prices 300 Carbon Speed Tech Probe
The G3 300 Carbon Speed Tech Avalanche Probe has the new single pull quick deploym...$99.00
raises $8.91
view more prices
Black Diamond Transfer 7 Shovel
A lightweight snow shovel built portable and strong for the backcountry.$54.95
raises $3.46
view more pricesCoronation
April 11, 2009
(click images to enlarge)
PHOTO MENU
Prior to the use of any
photo shown on this site,
permission should be obtained from THLady Barbara Sterling.
If you wish to be notified of photo updates, click here.
return to previous page
visit our sponsor
Uncle John's
webmasterMother's Day Giveaway!
Happy Mother's Day, Moms! We want to celebrate you with a giveaway! This is your opportunity to pick fabrics and notions just for you!
There are not one, but five ways to enter this giveaway!
Fill in your information below and use the links provided for a chance to win. Use all your social media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest) for additional opportunities to win!
We will be announcing the winner on Wednesday, May 14. Good luck, moms!
Mother's Day $100 Gift Card Giveaway
Not a mom? Send your mom this link to get her signed up to win!
May 8, 2014 at 7:45 PM
New website is clean & crisp! I'm crossing my fingers and hoping to win your Mother's Day giveaway!!! You have l-o-t-s of fabric I would love to take home with me.
May 9, 2014 at 3:55 PM
I love your site; love the precuts!
May 9, 2014 at 4:07 PM
It would be wonderful to be honored in this way for Mother's Day.
May 9, 2014 at 4:12 PM
Made my trek from Brookings on the southern coast to Portland and your store. Love the store and love the sales! My shopping spree last week wore me out, but came home with lots of jellyrolls and matching fabrics for more quilts for the Shriners Hospital for Children there is Portland. It will keep me busy until my next trip there!
May 9, 2014 at 4:21 PM
Wow, Diana! Brookings is quite a drive! We are so glad you enjoyed your trip out to our store. It's always good to stock up on fabrics - especially cut goods! It's awesome you are making quilts for the children's hospital! Thank you!
May 9, 2014 at 4:37 PM
Always have fun when I am visiting your store. Would love to win.
May 9, 2014 at 4:46 PM
This would be a great gift for Mother's Day! If I ever get to Portland I will be sure to find your shop.
May 9, 2014 at 4:47 PM
Fabulous give-away for a fabulous store! If I win, I know exactly what I'm getting! :o)
May 9, 2014 at 6:33 PM
My first time ordering fabrics and quilt kits. Can't wait to see the products!
May 9, 2014 at 6:43 PM
Love your fabrics! Order whenever I can to get great deals! Hope I win!
May 9, 2014 at 10:06 PM
Glad you are improving your website for those of us that can't just run over to the brick & mortar!
May 10, 2014 at 12:10 PM
love the new site
May 11, 2014 at 1:45 AM
I live on the other side of the cascades. I come to Fabric Depot once a year to stock up. It would be great to get a gift card. The end tally on the receipt wouldn't be so much of a shock. :)August 18, 2013 - The 2013 Hublot Polo Gold Cup fiercer fight between two incredible teams, Team Gstaad Palace and Team Hublot. The players and ponies jostled for the lead continuously with each taking their turn at the top. In the end it all came to a head in the final 30 seconds when Eduardo Menendez scored a spectacular goal off the back of a penalty taking Team Gstaad Palace’s total score to 8 goals, just one ahead of Team Hublot, and secured victory and the 2013 title for this consistently high quality team. This is the second time they have stood atop of the podium at the Hublot Polo Gold Cup Gstaad and it has no doubt left them hungry for the 2014 title.
The battle for 3rd and 4th position took place earlier in the day. It was an exceedingly intense match that went to a 5th Chukka decider. With the lead constantly changing throughout the match the crowd were enthralled and the result went right to the wire. The final decider came in the form of a magnificent golden goal by Marcos Riglos securing victory and overall 3rd place for Team Banque Baring Brothers Sturdza SA. Team Star Design put up a fierce fight but in the end had to settle for 4th place. Final score, 7 goals to 6.)
This past weekend has seen four days of sizzling polo competition in the dramatic setting of Gstaad nestled in Bernese Oberland. It is therefore no surprise that the Teams, Spectators and Tournament Organisers alike are eagerly awaiting the 2014 edition – more information on the Hublot Polo Gold Cup can be found at, on Facebook at, or on twitter at.
Quotes
Gualtiero Giori Team Captain Gstaad Palace: "The match was so close but in the end a beautiful victory! We took the lead in the initial chukka but then they came right back at us,!"
Cedric Schweri Team Captain Banque Barin Brothers Sturdza SA: "It was an intense match, very tight between the two teams. I am so pleased with today’s victory! Star Design beat us on Thursday so we were able to get our own back today! I am really happy with the way I played and I tried my very best not to get in the way too much of my team’s pro-players! I really do hope I get the chance to come back next year."Nogas Landscaping
Palos Heights, Illinois 60463(708) 349-1497
Print | Save | Directions
AboutNogas Landscaping is located at the address in Palos Heights, Illinois 60463. They can be contacted via phone at (708) 349-1497 for pricing, hours and directions. Nogas Landscaping specializes in Tropical, Spring, Brick Driveways.
Nogas Landscaping provides Pruning & Trimming, Mowing, Masonry to it's customers. For maps and directions to Nogas Landscaping view the map to the right. For reviews of Nogas Landscaping see below.
Business Features
PRODUCTS
- Bark , Bricks , Trees , Generators , Topsoil , Brick , Decorative Materials , Blocks , Parts , Granite
SERVICES
- Chimneys , Stucco , Cleaning , Pruning & Trimming , Consultations & Designs , Excavating , Mowing , Masonry , Masonry Work , Installation
BRANDS
- Hunter , Snapper , Toro Irrigation , Unilock , Fertilome , Round-Up , Bobcat , Belgard
SPECIALTIES
- Decorative Concrete , Sand , Tropical , Fleas & Ticks , Pillars , Mats & Netting , Sprigging , Paver Patios , Brick Driveways , Spring
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (708) 349-1497
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Kut Rite Lawn Care
12220 S 76th Ave Palos Heights, Illinois 60463
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsThu, 18 Jun 2009.
The main messages in terms of safeguarding people and the environment were:
- Prioritizing efficiency measures as the best option for lowering emissions at the least cost and with minimal risks to people or nature.
- Establishing legal and regulatory policies that are robust and which safeguard the environment and people as an important part of the enabling framework for renewable energy.
- Engaging relevant stakeholders in design and implementation of equitable and ecologically sustainable energy technologies.
- Investing in natural systems that underpin energy futures in the region.
Please download the full statement as well as the annex to the statement.
Work area:
Business
Climate Change
Ecosystems
Energy
Global Policy
Environmental Law
Environmental Law
EnergyYou are a fan of mcqs paradise ? Come to discover the best forums mcqs paradise on the internet and share your experience with a community fan of mcqs paradise . You can also build a forum mcqs paradise and create your online discussion.
New Paradise Cove where we welcome no drama.
#paradise, cove, welcome, where, drama(9)
- Asian(2)
- Beach(10)
- Best Day Ever(6)
- Bohemian(1)
- Botanical(3)
- Bride 2 Be(4)
- Candy Bar(1)
- Celestial(8)
- Chalkboard(1)
- Cheers(7)
- Classic Fall(8)
- Desert(9)
- Drunk In Love(7)
- Eat Drink Married(8)
- Eco-Friendly(2)
- Evergreen(8)
- Fairy Tale(6)
- Forever Always(7)
- Garden(11)
- Hangover Kit(1)
- Happy Together(6)
- Industrial Chic(1)
- Lavender(8)
- Let Love Grow(4)
- Love(9)
- Love & Hearts(8)
- Love Laughter(8)
- Love Marquee(4)
- Miss To Mrs(8)
- Modern Deco(8)
- Modern Luxe(8)
- Monogram(5)
- Mr. & Mrs.(2)
- Nautical(8)
- Ring(3)
- Romantic(10)
- Seashell(9)
- Shabby Chic(3)
- She Said Yes(8)
- Snowflake(6)
- State Love(2)
- Tea Party(9)
- Travel & Destination(5)
- Tree(8)
- Tropical(9)
- We Do" >
Personalized Wedding Hershey's Kisses
as low as $0.32 each
BESTSELLER | MORE OPTIONS1431
Personalized Drink Labels
as low as $1.10 each
MORE OPTIONS1643
Pinwheel Paper Hand Fans
as low as $1.00 each
as low as $0.70 each
MORE OPTIONS7465
Personalized Glass Favor Jars
as low as $1.63 each
MORE OPTIONS1970
Personalized Paper Hand Fans
as low as $2.75 each
MORE OPTIONS1074As our culture becomes increasingly post-Christian it might be worth asking what it is that gets the attention of those who don’t consider themselves Christians?
Christopher Hitchens the well known atheist and antagonist of Christianity used to challenge believers with this statement: “Find one good or noble thing which cannot be accomplished without religion.” If Mr. Hitchens were still with us (unfortunately he died of cancer late in 2011), I would tell him that we’ve seen 2 such acts just in the month of June.
1. Charles C. W. Cooke is a self described atheist who writes for National Review among other journals. On June 19th he tweeted: “I am a non-Christian, and I must say: This is a remarkable advertisement for Christianity.” He then linked to the family members of the victims in Charleston telling the murder Dylann Roof that they forgive him and asking him to confess and repent so that he might find God’s mercy.
2. In a June 27th editorial in the New York Times entitled “He’s Jesus Christ”, Nicholas Kristof tells the story of Dr. Tom Catena who is the only doctor in the Nuba mountains in a particularly war torn part of Sudan. Dr. Catena does all his work without the benefit of electricity, running water, telephone, or even an x-ray machine. Attributing his work to his family and being a Christian, the doctor ministers to Christians and Muslims without distinction..
So in a world where it is more and more difficult to be a Christian, maybe it’s the acts of love and service that will gain the gospel a hearing. Is there a way that you could serve in your neighborhood or work place?Well, pals, Momma has an announcement to make. She has the sugarbetes....wait, what Momma? That's not funny? It's called diabetes? Oh...ok, then, pals, Momma has the diabetes. She was diagnosed last month. But don't worry, pals, she's doing really well. Her doctor is super happy about her progress already, and hopes that in time she can control her sugar without medicine.
GONE went all our junk food! No more pretzels or chips or pizza all the time!! No more food from the Magic Window of Food drive thru! No more sody pop! Momma's eating good and FEELING good!
Daddy says I have to stay away from her, though, cause I'm so sweet that I might make her blood sugar rise....silly Daddy...
Your Momma will do well, because she sounds furry motivated to get a handle on that sugar trouble. Kudos to her!
Maybe you will get extra walks out of it, cause exercise is another wonderfur way to help that problem.
And yes you are sweet, Fizzy!
Momma says that when it's no longer an arctic tundra that we'll definitely go on more walks! Hooray!
Arctic tundra is only beginning to describe it...
Fizzy, take good care of your Momma so she stays healthy!
I will, Milton!
OMD, no more pizzas or magic window foodz? Dat stinks.
Speakin of stuff stinkin, I did not get no Frenchy fries from Whataburger tonight because somebody just got her latest allergy test results back (it are not me, it are Finley) are lergick to da taters! And eggie weggies! And corn! Why does I have to suffer too? I are not lergick to nuffin. But instead, da humans just ate all da Frenchy fries demself! Least Finley ain't lergick to no MEATZ™.
OMD - Poor Fizzy's momma and Finley. Those sugar beetis can be real nasty so it's good to hear that Fizzy's momma is taking control now before it gets real bad.
Whitley, you have to help Finley adjust to life without some of the foods that she loves. A good steak is much better than French fries any day so fire up the BBQ and get grilling.
That's ok, Whitley, I haven't had no special treats for years cause of the rocks in my belly. You get used to it!
Crikey Fizzy .. that's not good ... not good at all! I sure hope she gets to be able to control it without that awful medicine stuff. Look after her sweet Fizzy! Don't worry about no junk food ... you'll feel GREAT without it. Get lost Arctic Tundra (whatever that is) ... everyone's sick of you! ..... Fizzy and her Momma need to walk!!!!!
Oh, it's ok, Charlie. Momma's just fine and she's getting it under control. I'm a great nurse, so I'll take real good care of her!
Gosh Fizz, yu got a lil nurse outfit to wear? Or at least a personal trainer get-up?
Sounds like yur Momma is doin good gettin on track with those sugar beets. Hmm, they grow those 'round here. Idunno.
Momma HATES beets BOL! I SHOULD get me a nurse's outfit, cause I'm always taking care of somebody around here!!
Your momma will do fine. Make sure you take her for lots of walks so gets her exercise. Sorry about the lack of treats now. Maybe daddy can sneak some to you every once in a while!
You has been nominated for a Liebster Award - check out my blog for da details:
You've been nominated for a Liebster Award! Go to our blog for the details!
love Rudy and IzzyThe Praktikum.’d get by and would learn the language when I’m there. I was allocated in the Inorganic Department, producing and analysing some dyes. Herr (Mister) Raider provided me a name who was also working in the same building, but in a different laboratory. “He’ll (laboratory technician) would say.
I knocked on his door
an English man opened it
you’ve got to help me
me on second floor
and him on the 6th floor
joy in that building
and that was the start
of chemistry in motion
action, reaction
The Butterfly. Many summers ago, when HRH the son was around 5, we went to the Roundway Park in Leeds. They had a butterfly garden there. HRH the son was fascinated by the butterflies, running after them, trying to catch them. We told him that if he kept still, some butterflies might be attracted to him and would come to him. That wasn’t easy for a boy to keep still, but he did. After some time, he saw a yellow and red butterfly sleeping in one of the leaves. He watched it with interest and patience. I’d never forget his excitement when he saw that it was waking up and started fluttering up and down the garden.
pretty butterfly
wings beating the summer air
frail and delicate
For: Heeding Haiku (with Chèvrefeuille)
Two wonderful haibun Lady Lee. That second haibun is really a nice one.
LikeLiked by 1 person
thanks, Chèvrefeuille 🙂
I love how you met your husband and the second is such a sweet memory
LikeLiked by 1 person
thanks, Debi 🙂 memories that will stay with me forever ❤I found the first floater when I was seven years old. It had washed up on the shore about a hundred yards from my family’s summer house. It still looked mostly human – a bit swollen and decomposed, but whole enough for me to immediately recognize what it as.
Even as a kid, I was never very squeamish. I used to watch my father skin the deer he caught on his hunting trips, and I would clean my own fish whenever I reeled one in from the salty lake. Finding a human body was the best thing that could have happened to me that summer.
I thought about telling my parents, but there’s no way they would let me play with it. Heck, they might even ban me from going down to the water at all, a thought which my seven-year-old brain equated to nuclear holocaust, an asteroid destroying the earth, or other disasters of similar magnitude.
So I did what any clear thinking seven year old would do. I gathered up all the other kids I knew and charged them 5$ each to poke it with a stick. The salt water preserved it well enough for us to stomach the smell, but poking it would release some of the bloated gas still trapped in the carcass. I told them they could have their money back if they could lick it without throwing up.
No-one got their money back. I made 60$ before one of the little snitches told his mother and she called the police….Website Info
- diac triac motor speed control
- exemplar 2013 tourism november grade 11
- ap world essays examples
- english file elementary third edition dvd
- canon vixia hf s20 manual
- newtons third law section three answers
- peugeot 405 wiring
- answers to reteaching activity 20
- cash the rock creek six book 6
- ar answers for harry potter and the deathly hallows
- modeling workshop project 2005 test 2 vi
- canon eos 300 manual
- how is the financial plan budget related to a companys strategic
- landi renzo cng service manual pdf
- showtime at first baptist
- bite size bible handbook
- subaru spare parts catalog
- mercury 50 hp motor manual
- branching diagrams life science
- hilux service manual download
- wiring diagram switched outlet
- recipe fennel pollen
- fundamentals of physics solutions chegg
- my name is hope anxiety depression and life after melancholy john mark comer
- paper plate clock face template
- 2000 ford taurus servicemanual
- soap documentation social work examples
- free downloads of 1999 volvo v70 repair service manual
- northwestern mutual insurance co of seattle v richardson
- mathematical literacy paper 1 june exam 2013
- hyundai tucson owners manual 2013
- plant cell questions and answers
- holt mcdougal 6th grade math work answers
- sainik school entrance exam sample papers
- geography grade 11 exampler 2014
- pre algebra answers for free
- fcp user guide
- mpumalanga maths question p1 2014
- hobart c44a dishwasher parts manual
- 1989 audi 100 cam follower manual
- joe kubert presents 2011 6
- research paper on student loans
- arabic computational morphology knowledge based and empirical methods
- appliances for sale near me
- speed ws 1a answers
- vegas visitors guide
- 2009 toyota tacoma maintenance schedule
- interesting essay topics for college
- answers to an antipodal mystery
- electrolux microwave oven manual download
- philippine nursing board exam 2014
- cambridge interchange 1 3rd edition audio
- rockshox monarch rt3 user manual
- pre phd exam question papers
- the ginger erotica collection vol 1
- corporate finance brealey myers 10th edition solutions
- 2013 ap world history multiple choice answers
- come for the leaves stay odds and ends anti mall new england s eclectic general stores offer a diffe
- electrochemical cells lab answers experiment 22 answers
- snow blower starting instructions
- ford e350 length user manual
- 2014 payroll accounting bieg toland answer key
- dave ramsey chapter 12 test c answers
- janitrol heaters for aircraft maintenance manual
- public pulpits methodists and mainline churches in the moral argument of public life
- manual ingersoll rand ssr ep150se
- slimlife solutions afshin eslami md 916 423 2022 phone
- psychology myers 9th edition
- cae exam past papers
- nextar 2gb mp3 player manual
- black leaders of the nineteenth century
- possibe essay for economics paper2
- chemistry review chemical equations and reactions answer
- microeconomics 8th edition pindyck solutions chapter 1
- beth moore inheritance study guide answers
- verizon fios m1424wr manual
- absa motor vehicle finance
- reading textbooks on ipad mini
- baltimore county report trash
- indiana state fair 2014 swine show schedule
- asus tf101 user manual
- solutions for hoggett financial accounting
- the british poets including translations
- fashion fairy princess pip in jewel forest
- penny dora the wishing box 3
- 2001 audi repair manual pdf
- the herb bible
- bdc5500 manual
- peugeot 807 hdi 20
- zimsec alevel mathematics 2014
- casino trailer hire sydney
- structural analysis 4th edition aslam kassimali
- ducati diavel user manual
- sharp tv owners manual download
- amada bender manual pdf
- nissan altima 1996 manual
- material science and engineering programs
- troy bilt pressure washer 2550 manual
- provincias y nacion
- free vw passat repair manual
- june 2013 frm past paper
- works of julia pardoe
- unit 9 study guide
- doosan engine co ltd
- pythagorean theorem yahoo answers
- mechanics of materials by pytel and kiusalaas solution manual pdf
- student exploration star spectra answers
- golf wiring for roof
- the big dipper revised edition
- material science and engineering callister solution manual
- technical analysis bangla book
- style and music theory history and ideology
- note taking guide episode 303 answers
- buet admission test question 2013 pdf
- 1994 diesel ford mondeo workshop manual
- 1997 am general hummer timing cover seal manual
- mr loverman
- the true magic god mind consciousness and you
- oxford vocabulary workshop f answers
- wiring colors 98 ford taurus cooling fan
- resource atmosphere glemcoe answers
- computer repair marietta ga
- the human orchid and octopus exploring conserving our natural world hardback jacques yves cousteau
- case cvx 1170 service manual
- canon ir5570 user guide
- meeting handout template
- answer key physical science motion chapter resources
- clark county jail roster vancouver washington
- 2003 ski doo mxz
- 1967 camaro factory assembly manual pdf
- manual canon 350d espanol pdf
- japan a concise history 4th updated edition
- hierarchical scheduling in parallel and cluster systems 1st edition
- the idea of america
- soil engineering spangler handy
- diploma project mechanical engineering
- coding operative reports with answers
- interview teaching questions and answers
- vegetables of the past and future
- 2001 suzuki gsxr 750 service manual
- jurisprudence exam answers massachusetts
- motorcycle riding boots for men
- mathematics grade11 paper2 november2014
- u state v fonte
- geology 101 lab plate tectonics answer key
- crying the natural and cultural history of tears
- garland county sheriff department
- sony cdx l350 wiring diagram
- jmap geometry regents answers
- nurse appreciation poem with candy bars
- discovering french blanc unit 4 workbook answers
- samsung pn50a450 owners manual
- the family shakspeare in
- manual de blackberry 8220 flip en espaol
- macroeconomics multiple choice questions and answers lipsey
- august 2005 earth science regents answers
- cover letter paper
- hyundai entourage service manual
- wadell transmission line design handbook
- managing the virus hunters case study answers
- english time grade 8 answers
- a key to new pamishan creatures answers
- inspired 3 workbook macmillan
- earth 2 2012 27
- kingdom animalia test answers
- photosynthesis essay grade eleven
- resnick relativity solution
- fujifilm s4000 instruction manual
- venerable father life with ajahn chah
- pahs and related compounds chemistry reprint
- free printable emt review guides
- beko washing machine user guide
- john deere l130 mower manual
- rowley s very fine day
- the conqueror s wife
- across cultures 8th edition
- princess diana for kids
- advanced engineering mathematics by jones
- 10 prayers you cant live without
- debonair magazine may edition
- expressive photography the shutter sisters guide to shooting from heart tracey clark
- manual avtech 4ch h 264 dvr
- three words eight letters if i say it will be yours and im 2 jade margarette pitogo girlinlove
- brother laser printer service manual kaservis
- rowenta master dg580 instruction manual
- glencoe algebra 1 answer key chapter 10
- freestate province mathematics common paper march 2014 memorandum
- rapid external solutions inc
- holt mcdougal algebra 1 common core edition answers
- caterpillar 3516 engine manual
- empirical and molecular formula answer key
- faux paw
- google nexus user guide
- egypt vol 1 6th revised edition
- behavioral questions and answers pdf
- geometry eoc practice test answers 2013
- manual canon eos 60d espaol
- polaris atv service manual 525s outlaw
- motomaster automatic battery charger manual
- women directors the emergence of a new cinema
- suzuki drz 400 service intervals
- writers at work the essay
- physics final exam study guide
- current cpr guidelines
- diy window air conditioner repair
- instrumentation and control systems w bolton solution
- direct access credit card contact number
- spud learning to fly john van de ruit
- alabama map of cities
- cartoons with blank speech bubbles
- 4 wire trailer wiring brake lights
- nec sv8100 manual free download
- chemical engineering economics
- puzzles and mazes 9
- star trek vol 3 5
- mcgraw hill essentials of investment test bank
- cpe exams papers 2012 with answers
- tricolore 4 grammar in action answers
- answers general training practice test 2
- salmon and sea trout fishing a practical guide
- makino ke55 manual pdf
- over the edge alex delaware 3 jonathan kellerman
- listening comprehension passages with questions
- casino night party rentals dallas tx
- the countries of world being a popular description various continents islands rivers seas and people
- beautiful beginning franais
- ekonomie 2012 graad 11 vraestel 1
- holt spanish 3 work 31 answers key
- holt spanish 2 answerkey
- supervisora
- probability and statistics solutions manual
- 18 2 reversible reactions and equilibrium worksheet answers
- excel 2010 certiport answers
- houghton mifflin geometry test 8 answer key
- josiah for president
- uralsib russia daily equity update oct 23 2009
- a beautiful mess photo idea book 95 inspiring ideas for photographing your friends world and yourself elsie larson
- history p1 memorandum 2014 grade 11
- drill problems solution of engineering electromagnetics
- strange case of mole flight 1023 answers
- infiniti g35 2007 manual
- clerical support exam in nevada administrative assistant
- freshman biology study guide
- schwartz textbook of surgery free download 9th edition
- autocad 2014 tutorial second level 3d modeling
- on all sides nowhere
- managing information technology 7th edition by brown
- vocabulary classical roots e answers
- storm wars
- what israel means to me
- manual de procedimientos de una empresa de servicios
- modern biology study guide answer key chapter 24
- what the difference between automatic and manual transmission
- smart fortwo owners manual download
- answer key to sciencr puzzlers
- sony ericsson xperia x10 mini pro manual download
- summer of secrets
- answers to suggested exercises for solid state physics 2
- drukar the king dragonfly
- outline of an essay example
- my favorite actor essay
- john deere 3120 service manual
- russian military intelligence in the war with japan 1904 05
- managed in hong kong
- ccna2 final exam v4 0 answers
- how to use the iphone 3g ipod pdf
- core java multiple choice questions with answers
- pass ccrn cd
- modern chemistry chapter 2 test answers
- sports trivia and answers
- vaal university 2015 application forms
- nikon d60 service guide repair manual
- manual audi for sale
- sony cybershot 141 megapixels manual
- american pageant 11th edition online
- grade 5 natural science guide
- 2007 mustang owners manual pdf
- 2001 mitsubishi galant engine diagram
- transport phenomena in biological systems solutions manual
- 86 f150 window motor power diagram
- manual do iphone 3g em portugues gratis
- memoirs of a cold war son
- icm credit management past papers
- answers to leboffe lab manual
- chapter 5 geometry test
- atomic nuclei nuclear stability answer key
- miniature poodles
- magicolor 2430dl service manual
- manual del chevrolet celta lt
- grade 12 2014 maths exampler paper2
- cloze ing in on science answers elements
- apple pie recipes with waffle cones
- 2006 nissan sentra 18s owners manual
- blood type worksheet answer key
- guess how much i love you
- andrew ward v state
- 2005 cadillac cts navigation manual
- garmin forerunner 210 troubleshooting
- ademco 7847i installation manual
- warrior magnificentBehold the Glory
first edition
1956 · New York
by WALSH, Chad
New York: Harper & Brothers, 1956. Very Good/Very Good. First edition. Very good or better in very good dustwrapper. Book has stamp on front endpaper and top foredge. Dustwrapper spine browned. Two minor tears at spine ends. Dustwrapper cover lightly soiled. Please Note: This book has been transferred to Between the Covers from another database and might not be described to our usual standards. Please inquire for more detailed condition information. (Inventory #: 231579)All-Pro Baseball Stars '80
1980 · New York
by WEBER, Bruce
New York: Scholastic Book Services, 1980. Good. Good in wrappers. Book shows foxing, tearing of spine/spine ends, bumping, lightly soiled back panel, creasing of front panel. Please Note: This book has been transferred to Between the Covers from another database and might not be described to our usual standards. Please inquire for more detailed condition information. (Inventory #: 170877)MONTECITO, Calif. (KABC) --Rescue crews continued to sludge through mud and debris Friday to search for missing people in Montecito after a deadly storm and flooding tore through Santa Barbara County.
Slowly but surely the floodwaters on the 101 Freeway began to recede. Workers used pumps and hoses while heavy equipment cleared away debris.
While the work continued, Montecito residents watched with frustration.
"It's like we're on an island. We can't get in, we can't get out unless you get escorted by the police," Montecito resident Matt McAllister said.
Residents were still in shock over the loss of life. The death toll went up to 18 Friday afternoon, and the number of missing people in Santa Barbara County was lowered to seven. Overall, 28 people were injured.
The Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department created a page with the names, ages and photos of the missing people.
RELATED: Video shows before-and-after view of Montecito
The Santa Barbara County coroner's office on Thursday released the names of the deceased. All are residents of Montecito and range in age from 3 to 89.
More than 1,560 personnel were assigned to the search-and-rescue and cleanup efforts in an incident area that spanned 30 square miles. They were supported by K-9 units, 10 helicopters and six bulldozers.
After a better look at the damage, officials lowered the number of destroyed homes from 100 to 64 and raised the number of damaged ones from 300 to 462.
Flooding and debris flow prompted the California Highway Patrol to shut down the northbound 101 Freeway at Route 126 in Ventura and at Seacliff, and the southbound 101 Freeway just south of Santa Barbara at Milpas Street to Padaro Lane near Summerland.
The closure was expected to last until Monday, but after reassessing the damage Friday afternoon, authorities could no longer provide a timeline for when the highway would reopen.
"It's just hard with getting some clear information. You talk to one cop, you get one piece of information, you talk to another, and you get another piece. I understand that no one really understands what's going on, but it's been really hard being here," resident Anais Berman said.
Neighborhoods were wiped out and roads strewn with massive boulders and trees.
A new mandatory evacuation order went into effect at 6 p.m. Thursday. The affected area was located west of Sheffield Drive, East Valley Road and Lader Lane; east of Olive Mill and Hot Springs Road, north of the ocean and south of U.S. Forest Service boundary. Residents will not be allowed to return to their homes while the evacuation order is lifted, which may not happen for one or two weeks, officials said..
The first slides ripped through Montecito about 3:30 a.m. and continued after the county cellphone alerts went out.
"It was activated at the appropriate time actually when the event was occurring," Brown said.
Only an estimated 10 to 15 percent of residents fled when ordered, and much of the damage occurred where evacuations were voluntary.
Kelly Weimer, whose parents were killed when their Montecito home was swept away by flash floods, said they "were in a voluntary evacuation area so they figured they were OK."
"They weren't concerned," Weimer said. "It's not like anybody came around and told them to leave."
Search-and-rescue teams admitted there is concern they could find more victims in the waters of the flooded 101 Freeway.
"They were digging in the Montecito Inn and down there in the parking lots yesterday, and I think there may have been some fatalities down there, I don't know. I know that there were some definitely laying on the road early on Monday morning before first responders got there. I saw several," McAllister added.
For workers trying to get the freeway reopened, the thought of victims buried in the muck casts a grim tone to an already dirty and difficult task.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.[
[Hook: One Be Lo]
This is who we are
No movie stars
No nudie bars
No jewelery jars
No groovy cars
Some truly are
We just wanna see some elevation in hip-hop
Producers slash emcees when the beat drop
{Magestik Legend}
Now let me some hands in the air
{One.Be.Lo}
When the beat drop
{Magestik Legend}
You can wave them like you just don't care
{One.Be.Lo}
When the beat drop
{Magestik Legend}
We moving unparallel
If you feeling this, well
That means somebody need to say Oh Yeah "Oh Yeah"
[Verse 2: One Be Lo]
I'm just, clowing you circus acts, and nervous cats
With gerber raps, I murder wax, similar to Roberta Flack
Killing you softly, with every word, no time for stress
Petty herbs get addressed like the gettysburg
A hundred miles and racing, with a wild imagination
Even if I get the job half-done it's half-amazing
Only obligation, Trackezoid collaborations
Go together like masturbation and ejaculation
Coming with accurate calculations, configurations
Like the pyramids, lyrically, there's no equivalent
Michigan citizens, should've been sittin' in Switzerland
Listen to lyrics I roll, like a michelin
Tired of rappers, smoking phillies
Not really sayin' nothin', like Milli Vanilli, my style? Don't be silly
Don't need a filthy record deal, people still feel me
Big willies, hillbillies, I rhyme without achilles
[Hook]
[Verse 3: One Be Lo]
We keep it hot like the summer time, when it comes to rhymes
What my tongue designed, is nothin' but thoughts from the mind
I've come to find, most cats is deaf, dumb and blind
So I gotta scat, and get mines, underline
You lyin'
[Verse 4: Magestik Legend]
It's raw talent, no gimmicks, no eye shadow
Keep yo costumes, I'm like hydraulics to shock value
I'm not on clown, labels I'm black but not Sambo
A FuManChu swing, karate chop samples
To body rock avenues, while you shark mammal pop channels
Mock hip hop battles for stock capital
I can not help you, lasso the black youth
Step into my classroom kid, I'll take you back Roots
I'll give a Uncle Tom a shell toe with no lace
I'm free from Amistad can't sell me no chains
I follow that mirage 'sell' [sail] boat, 'til one day
I found the underground railroad, the SUB-way
[Hook]The holidays are something we look forward to. Although, they can also be a time when we find ourselves caught up in a frenzied rush. In fact, we can easily let the hectic nature of the season get the best of us. At the same time, we can avoid that altogether. That’s the good news. As a result, it’s not that hard to put good cheer and safety first this holiday season.
The idea of putting safety first during the holidays is nothing new. But, did you stop to think that doing that actually makes it much easier and more enjoyable to navigate the hectic back drop? In fact, when we make safety a priority, we will likely slow down. We will be much more able to be aware of our surroundings and keep better watch over our belongings, for example. Also, our gift giving can be truly in good cheer when they get to the right recipients, not the thieves!
Put Good Cheer and Safety First This Holiday Season and New Year
Sadly, it’s true thieves seem to be out in full force, sensing greater opportunity in the holiday hurry and confusion. Also, we here a lot lately about their brazen attempts at coming right to the door step and spiriting gifts away. Let’s not let theft of any kind happen on our watch! Let’s give the thieves a proverbial ‘black eye’ and nothing to grab. In fact, here are some tips on safe holiday shopping that are sure to put good cheer and safety first this holiday season for you.
Keep your purchases with you at all times. In fact, resist any temptation to leave them, even close by. Naturally, you want to keep your purse and wallet in hand and with no access to thieves, such as a wallet in your back pocket.
Use real discretion when handling your credit card. That includes making sure it’s not on display. Also, that includes never leaving it unattended by you.
When it comes to parking, just as much care should be taken. Think parking close to the shopping center. Especially at night, think parking not only close but in a well lit section! In fact, get a security guard to assist if you feel unsure are unsafe approaching your vehicle. When you get to your car, hold onto your keys, and stow your purchases in the trunk right away. Don’t linger. Lock your doors and head home promptly.
Put Good Cheer and Safety First This Holiday Season and Enjoy Everyone!
When it comes to San Mateo County real estate needs, be aware. Follow Carmen Miranda’s sound advice and tips. Have a home buying or selling need right now? Give Carmen a call today.Clarets boss Sean Dyche is prepared for any predators coming for his star players in January.
Centre back and stand in skipper Ben Mee has been linked with a switch to West Brom in the transfer window, should the Baggies cash in on Jonny Evans, who was a target for Manchester City and Arsenal in the summer.
Republic of Ireland winger James McClean has been touted as a potential part of any deal, with Burnley in the market for a wide player after losing Robbie Brady for the season with a knee injury.
But Dyche has been in the job long enough to know the speculation is part and parcel, having had to fend off questions about the future of Charlie Austin, Danny Ings, Kieran Trippier, Michael a Keane and Andre Gray over his reign.
And he said: "We’ve had that every year I’ve been here, from Charlie Austin, all the way through, it’s not new, we’re well used to it.
“We’re happy with the contractual situations of our players, that’s all you can do.
“When you think of some of the numbers this summer, there’s no ceiling, so to sit here and say none of our players are going, like some managers do...some teams can do that, but we can’t.
“But they’re all under contract at the right and appropriate level. So we know where we are as a business.
“But if they are getting looked at, it’s a sign of success, people are saying ‘there’s good players there’ and that’s part of what’s been ongoing for five years.
“We haven’t been under pressure to sell for a couple of years, but the market is what it is.”
Forward Jon Walters has also been linked with a loan move to the Championship, having been out since late September with a knee problem, but.”Yeah, I know it has been a while...... But I did want to say hello during this very dormant non-baseball season. There are a few things going on.......
First off, CONGRATS to former Florence Freedom Manager, Fran Riordan! Fran has been hired by the A's organization to manage their Beloit team. This is a very big deal and I love hearing about Frontier League players and managers getting picked up by affiliated teams
Also, Skylands Stadium in Augusta New Jersey will once again have a team playing in the Can-Am League! I think this is great news. We have been through that area several times, and really love it! We stopped by and saw the New Jersey Cardinals of the New York Penn League back when they played there. This is a very scenic area, and the fact that they once again have a pro-ball team gives me another excuse to visit!
I do hope to have a few more posts over the next few weeks!Today’s Guest: Robert K. Elder, author, The Film That Changed My Life
Order ‘The Film That Changed My Life’ by Robert K. Elder, availasble from Amazon.com by clicking on the book cover above!
Order ‘The Best Film You’ve Never Seen’ by Robert K. Elder, available from Amazon.com by clicking on the book cover above!
My 14-year-old son is thinking a lot about college these days and just last night asked me, “Why did you get a degree in film studies?”
Good question, but I had to weigh telling him the truth with giving an answer that wouldn’t distract him. I mean, what would be the sense in saying, “Because it was the easiest major I could think of,” or “Because that’s where all the prettiest girls were,” or “Because those were the easiest classes in which to catch up on my sleep after working till midnight at the Royal Park 4 Theaters”?
I’ve always loved getting lost in a movie. I’ll start watching a film on TV – pretty much any film – from any point and get absorbed. When I was a teen, my pal Bruce Kessler and I used to ride several miles on our bikes to catch whatever was playing in East Brunswick or Princeton.
I remember many life-changing moments. Believing a man – Christopher Reeves, anyway – could fly in the first Superman. Discovering that there is nothing more beautiful than a naked woman’s breasts in a bathtub, thanks to Serpico. The start of months of nightmares following a screening of Freddy Francis’ 1972 Tales From the Crypt. (Note: During the interview, I mistakenly reference this as a Gerge Romero film. My bad.) Cursing like a Brooklyn-born sailor after meeting Tony Manero in Saturday Night Fever.
That made picking up Robert K. Elder’s new interview collection, The Film That Changed My Life: 30 Directors on Their Epiphanies in the Dark, a sure thing in my life. Elder, who was on Mr. Media last year to talk about his book, Last Words of the Executed, has once again found an irresistible topic of discussion. And listen to just a few of the internationally celebrated top directors who shared their cinematic inspiration with him:
Slumdog Millionaire’s Danny Boyle. Clerks’ Kevin Smith. Bend It Like Beckham’s Gurinda Chatha. Slacker’s Richard Linklater. Mission Impossible: II’s John Woo. Pink Flamingos’ John Waters.
Robert K. Elder Website • Twitter • Facebook • Order The Film That Changed My Life from Amazon.com
Order ‘Will Eisner: A Spirited Life’ (2nd Edition) by Bob Andelman, available from Amazon.com by clicking on the book cover above!
Thesis presentation powerpoint
Do online term papers work power point presentation of master thesis essay writing services free how can i do my homework online. Construction management arnon l bazemore thesis presentation presentation outline project introduction inherent conditions construction payment method. Many students have been wondering where to get presentation slides at thesis-dissertation writing services we have qualified professionals who provide best thesis. Master thesis microeconomics power point presentation of master thesis how to write a application letter for college essays on customs and courtesies. Dissertation plagiarism checker online phd thesis powerpoint presentation write my essay for me generator what is leadership essay.
Need help am defending my thesis and don’t know how to strike the balance between content (my ppt’s getting too wordy already) and visuals (won’t too much. Ms thesis presentation alex dekhtyar for csc 590 we will talk about logistics of ms defense structure of presentation presentation style delivery slides part i. Thesis presentation on powerpoint our company can provide you with any kind of academic writing services you need: essays, research papers, dissertations etc.
Thesis presentation powerpoint themes just imagine if you can create your own resume like a professional resume writer and save on cost now you can. Powerpoint templates - are you a powerpoint presenter looking to impress your audience with professional layouts well, you’ve come to the right place. Ms thesis defense personal interest powerpoint presentation powerpoint presentation mortality rates in men by site & race powerpoint presentation limited. Senior thesis program the department of architectural engineering the pennsylvania state university university park, pa guide and tips senior thesis final presentation.
Ten tips to give a great thesis defense giving the presentation 6) the powerpoint computer freezes or something and slides are gone be able to do. Learn how we can help you to prepare your thesis presentation so that you can make a successful defense. How do you make a good thesis presentation update cancel a good thesis presentation is: what is the best way to give a powerpoint presentation. Download predesigned thesis defense presentation outline powerpoint presentation slides powerpoint templates, ppt slides designs, graphics, and backgrounds at.
Template presentations master thesis presentation department ea03 englishpptx research groups output partners projects view all education. Presenting your thesis for your masters degree should be looked at as an accomplishment of all the hard work you have done let us help you relieve some of the stress. Dissertation thesis ppt dissertation thesis ppt tips & tricks for writing your thesis in ms 5 resources writing your dissertation with office 2003 vs 2007. Powerpoint presentation master thesis borderline personality disorder thesis statement pre calc homework helper personal statement for medicine.
- Conscience et inconscient dissertation master thesis presentation powerpoint essay writers online uk what is exemplification essay.
- Thesis power point presentation riddhikapandya1985 thesis powerpoint malissahopecollins how to defend your thesis proposal like a professional.
- Guidelines for thesis presentations an example explain motivation for the thesis −get used to presentation experiences in private test sessions.
The thesis presentation the the presentation shall be planned to be around 40-45 minutes the presentation covers an introduction to the subject, a. Thesis-powerpoint - authorstream presentation examination issues: examination issues your examiners need to appreciate your research: choose your examiners well. Download predesigned thesis statement outline powerpoint presentation slides powerpoint templates, ppt slides designs, graphics, and backgrounds at reasonable price.ZetaTalk Chat Q&A for August 20, 2016 time they will combine the 2 'findings' the one about planet 9 and the one about this 'planet;' ? [and from another] Scientists noticed that rebel Niku seems to be hanging around a gang of other strangely aligned objects. At first glance, the scientists thought that this might suggest that Planet Nine, a hypothetical planet that would be about as much as 10 times as massive as Earth, might be pulling on the objects. But it turns out that the rebellious object would be out of Planet Nine's reach, too free-living to succumb to the undiscovered planet's gravitational attraction. So exactly what's going on is still a mystery. [and from another] The Pan-STARRS 1 telescope in Hawaii spotted the mini planet Niku. A tiny, mystery planet located on the far side of Neptune is breaking all the rules and leaving scientists baffled. Niku, named after Chinese word for ‘Rebel’, has a diameter of just 200km (120 miles), is 160,000-times smaller than Neptune and behaves like no other similarly-sized planet in the Solar System..” It's quite possible Niku is part of a group of highly-inclined objects all moving in a strange orbital pattern around the Solar System.
This is a big Prong 3 push. The key word is “retrograde”, which is
characteristic of Nibiru in both its orbit past the Sun, its rotation, and
the rotation of the swirls in its tail. Retrograde is a clockwise motion.
All else in the Solar System goes counter clockwise – the Sun, the Sun’s
rotation, and the orbiting planets. We explained this at
the start of the ZetaTalk saga. The ancients were also aware that
Nibiru would approach with a retrograde orbit. This retrograde swirl in
the tail of Nibiru shows up in Alberto’s photos, as the tail swirls out
from Nibiru at the 4 o’clock position to the Sun, thence under the Sun,
then upward to the left side of the Sun, thence overhead of the Sun.
Niku is not Nibiru, but is a moon that formerly traveled with Nibiru, and thus its retrograde orbit within the Solar System. If Prong 1 introduced the concept of the Sun’s dark binary 18.74 Sun-Pluto distances out toward Orion, and Prong 2 introduced the concept of many exoplanets near and far, most nearby still being discovered, then Prong 3 was to introduce Nibiru near the Sun. The theme throughout was that astronomers were being surprised by what they find, and more join the search to answer open questions raised by these discoveries. Now we hear that odd retrograde objects are discovered. Soon one that entered the Solar System in 2003 will show up on the Dark Energy Survey, and lead to Nibiru itself.
Now that there is much in the news about a new study which refutes the theory on how humans populated North America perhaps the Zetas would further comment on what is already in Zetatalk in particular the section on the American Indian. After reading the section on the American Indian i've always wondered where indeed they were transplanted from and what bones or fossils have actually been found and recently or historically studied from the prior race of transplanted hominoids. Is there any more information about this topic of transplanted hominoids, are there any papers or information on the bones or fossils that could be shared by the Zetas such as perhaps how it might relate to the information on the internet about the New World Monkey, it seems that some of the prior race of transplanted hominoids could also have evolved or have been engineered into these 'New world monkeys' as well as the American Indian. Are there any details of the American Indian genetically engineered similar to the way the ape was engineered. In looking at pictures of various New world monkeys and historical photos of the American Indian there does seem be some similarity in the facial features. Also regarding the new studies mentioned above the media seems to want to keep up with the old rhetoric that the first humans in the Americas absolutely had to have migrated here from the Old World ignoring the evidence of pre-clovis civilizations and other ancient campsite evidence. [and from another].. While later groups may have used the passageway across the land bridge between Siberia and Alaska, the study’s authors say the first humans in North America likely migrated along the Pacific coast, although it is still not known exactly how. [and from another] [and from another]
This whole controversy is a non-issue, due entirely to Pole Shift denial. Of course the Bering Straits were not frozen over all the time. Nor were they flooded to the degree they are today either. 18,000 years ago the N Pole moved from N America to Scandinavia and 14,400 years ago moved from Scandinavia to the Barents Sea. Thus the Bering Straits were hardly frozen solid 14,700 years ago when the presumed migration from Asia would have occurred. This type of fractured thinking is typical of many humans, who cannot deal with all the facts so discard what does not fit. The Earth did not have Ice Ages, it had crustal shifts. Nothing else fits.
First off, is this legit or just the spinners? If so, why are Dems' info being leaked? Though I am waking up and finally realizing that both the left and right wing belong to the same bird. Dems are exponentially more inherently good and fight for good. Shouldn't it be the GOP being hacked? [and from another] Hacker Reveals Personal Information for Almost 200 Democrats August 13, 2016 Guccifer 2.0 says records stolen as part of breach of Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. [and from another] Nancy Pelosi is flooded with 'sick and obscene' phone calls after 'Russian' hacker posted House Democrats' private numbers August 13, 2016 Pelosi told Democratic lawmakers that the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and other Democratic Party entities were the target of . The chief administrative officer of the House has also sent an email stating that the House computer system has not been compromised, but urged members and staff to be vigilant about opening emails and websites. [and from another] Debbie Wasserman Schultz to Resign D.N.C. Post July 25, 2016 Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, abruptly said she was resigning after a trove of leaked emails showed party officials conspiring to sabotage the campaign of Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont. The day also veered extraordinarily into allegations, not easily dismissed, that Russia had a hand in the leaks that helped bring down the head of an American political party. [and from another] As Democrats Gather, a Russian Subplot Raises Intrigue July 24, 2016.
Who is hacking the Democrats? The DNC hacker, who released emails showing
how Debbie skewed the DNC backing for
Hillary, has not yet been identified, though Seth Rich, the 27 year old
DNC worker who was shot, assassination style, on the streets of Washington
DC likely lost his life due to suspicions it was he. But the Russians were
blamed, anyway. Wikileaks releases information they garner from
many sources, without identifying the source, although the fact that
Wikileaks has offered a reward for the Seth Rich assassin more or less
confirms he was the source.
We explained during the Sony hack in 2014 that clues pointing to the N Koreans were encoded in the released data to confuse the trail and protect the true hackers. Pelosi was quick to blame the Russians when her laptop was hacked too. This assumption was based on metadata clues pointing to Russian computers. It was not the Russians, in neither the DNC nor DCCC case. Who is being punished, and distracted, and who stands to gain or lose? We have referred to the Transformation Team that includes Anonymous and ourselves, the Zetas, and the Council of Worlds – none of which want Hillary in the White House. We did it.
Besides Democrat hack also information came out about Soros. Could the Zetas say something more about this hack? [and from another] They reveal work plans, strategies, priorities and other activities by Soros, and include reports on European elections, migration and asylum in Europe. [and from another]. [and from another]. [and from another].”
In the past we have described Soros as an arrogant kingmaker, a
provocateur who incites jihad and race wars and riots for his
personal benefit. This encompasses supporting Black Lives Matter in the
US, supporting Mohammad cartoon contests in the US, and ISIS terrorism
attempts in the US, (though the latter were countered by good intel so did
not manifest). He wants Martial Law declared in the US to protect the
assets of the wealthy, and is trying to tip the hand of Obama and Dunford
to force this. He has made his billions in the Hedge Fund business,
betting on chaos, and then arranges for the chaos to happen.
Soros hand in Europe is just as devastating. He incited the coup in Kiev and the downing of MH17, all the while trying to blame Russia, and tries to incite NATO to attack Russia. Is he responsible for the Syrian migration into Europe and the chaos that has followed? He is an opportunist who has expedited this at every step. Once again, the kingmaker wants to be in control, and destabilizing the existing governance is a setting he desires so he can have a hand in the shape of things to come. In his mind, it does not hurt if Europe and the Euro end up in flames as being a Hedge Fund gambler, he will have as usual arranged to get rich off of the misfortune of others.
The Soros agenda is well known, but what is the agenda of those who hacked and released his Open Society Institute emails? It is no coincidence that Soros sustained a hack exposing his role in the Black Lives Matter riots and migration of ISIS jihadists into Europe and the US at the same time that the DNC hack exposed their illegal support of Hillary and the DCCC came under harassment by having the Demo phone numbers and email addresses made public. The nexus is Hillary, whom Soros has supported immensely. She is the war candidate, the race riot candidate, the Wall Street and Hedge Fund candidate, and corporate outsourcing candidate. Support Hillary? Beware!She doesn`t look or sound the role, but there`s no question about it, Dr. Jane Goodall is a gutsy maverick. Twenty-five years ago, she talked the famed paleontologist and anthropologist, Dr. Louis Leakey, into supporting her in a long-term study of chimpanzees in the wild.
Leakey was criticized then for daring to send a defenseless girl into the harsh African bush. Goodall was dismissed as ``crazy,`` and the scientific community predicted she would not survive more than a couple of days.Professional Contract & One Off Cleaning Services Redcliffe SW10
Cleaning can be the toughest and the most annoying task at home! However, it is also one of the most significant obligations you have. Hygiene is not only the key to a beautiful interior, but also a double protection for your wellness. So relying on professional regular cleaning in Redcliffe SW10 real estate agencies and landlords
- Competitive and fixedCompetitive and fixed one off cleaning price list
- Possibility for free re-scheduling , no hidden charges
- Providing all the necessary cleaning kit
Don`t wait to take the benefits of using our residential and commercial regular cleaning services in Redcliffe SW10 Redcliffe SW10.
Commercial & Residential Hourly Based Maid Service Redcliffe SW10 Redcliffe SW10
This can also be booked One Off or Contract Cleaning Redcliffe SW10
The big abundance of options you have to maintain the domestic or office hygiene is represented by the various pack of regular cleaning services we offer. Our one off cleaning company Quality Property Care Ltd. in Redcliffe SW10, weekly or monthly visitations..Do you host or attend a Christmas party each year?
Growing up, my grandparents hosted a huge Christmas Eve party every year with friends and extended family. Nothing can touch the memories I have of their extravagant parties. Pie after pie after pie donned the dessert table. All the adults were dressed to the 9s, and always very jubilant, funny and interactive (it's only in my adulthood that I understand it was because all wine that was served!).
The cousins would open presents around the tree around 5pm, then spend the rest of the evening playing with our new toys, eating fudge and divinity, and watching Christmas movies. Every year, we swore we would stay up late enough to catch Santa. Somehow, he always timed it just right.
Christmas morning was always just as fun. After dumping out stockings and opening our gifts from Santa, all the aunts, uncles and cousins would gather at Uncle Buck and Aunt Jean's house for eggnog and a game of pool. Uncle Buck was such a jovial character - and everyone always raved about his eggnog. The children, of course, had their own "special recipe - just for kids".
Thinking of these parties brings a smile to my face.I grew up in Charleston, West Virginia, went to college in Wilmington, North Carolina (UNCW), and received a degree in marketing. After moving all over the southeastern U.S. and even doing a short 1 year stint in Seattle, I now live in Charleston, South Carolina.
I have been interested in audio and video for a large part of my life. When my family purchased a Sony BetaCam back in the 1980’s my siblings and I used to take it a try to make videos with it. We’d shoot my band playing, silly skits, etc. This was quite a task back then because we had no way to edit anything. You pretty much had to get everything right on the first take. You couldn’t even rewind the tape in the camera. You could only plop it in the BetaMax player and watch what you caught. Later on we bought a VHS deck and we could then bounce tracks back and forth between it and the BetaMax which wasn’t exactly a NLE but it did allow us to do some “editing.”
We used to do the same thing with audio. I was in a band and played keyboards. Nobody I knew had a multi-track recorder so we would take two tape decks and get creative with them. Record your bass track on one tape deck, play it back and play another track along with it and record that onto another tape deck….and keep repeating until your done. After about 3 passes of doing that the first track would be so out of tune due to the differences in the decks speed that became quite humorous.
For me, the magic in shooting, whether it be film or video, is that moment when you get to see what you caught. I often tell people it’s like fishing for crabs with a crab trap. You don’t know what you have in it until you pull it all up on deck and dump it out. Sure, you try to plan your shots and make tweaks to things just as a crab fisherman would bait his traps but sometimes you come up empty. I’ve watched Deadliest Catch on Discovery! It’s when you get back to your computer with all of your shots and dump it all out and look at what you have that’s magical.
Today I am just blown away by what is possible. If you can dream it, you can make it. We have never had this many tools and information at our fingertips and the ability to share ideas instantly. The way the internet allows people to express their creativeness is truly powerful. I have learned more this year just by simply following a handful of blogs and Twitter than I ever could have in a school-type setting.
Anthony SpencerAll Android applications categories
Description
These amazing jigsaw puzzles contain high quality images of the famous Portugal National Football Team. They are designed for football fans and not only for them… Gathering puzzles "Football - Portugal",»!: berühmte fußballer portugal , un papel tapiz de un equipo de futbol , photo football portugal a telecharger
from 22 reviews
Download Football - Portugal Pussles
Free - 1.0.3 - 5M
Sorry ...
This app is no longer available.Explore Android
Share this app
ScreenshotsLocated in an isolated spot this Grade I listed building is the third to bear the name Revesby Abbey. The original Revesby Abbey was a Cistercian monastery founded by William de Roumare, the Earl of Lincoln, this was destroyed by Henry VIII in the dissolution of the monasteries in the 1500s. The next building to
Built
Website by Lee Hart (c) 2017 Really Haunted - Sitemap“I Try to Take One Day at a Time, but Sometimes Several Days Attack Me at Once” is the title of a book by Ashleigh Brilliant. It’s a sentiment I often feel: too overwhelmed by the present to find the time for things that matter. Often it puts me at a distance from God, who always seems to get whatever scraps are left over instead of being the main focus in my life.
I illustrate and design for a living, which often makes people think I have a job that’s akin to watching cartoons all day. I don’t know if they believe it’s actually the computer that does all the work or fancy it’s like being a professional doodler.
Unfortunately it’s often the opposite, filled with nearly impossible deadlines, clients who are incapable of being pleased and a maddening juggling act in which dozens of projects are always up in the air at any given time.
And those are the good weeks, when I don’t get the email of doom. You know the one. It usually begins with “I really thought I sent this to you two weeks ago, but apparently I didn’t.” Often it goes on to talk about “needing it by morning” and profuse apologizing. Those are the weeks where I question pretty much everything. It brings another of Brilliant’s sayings to mind: I feel much better, now that I’ve given up hope.
So there I was, having a busy week, knowing I was going to have a busy weekend. I’d promised my daughter I’d take her to a father/daughter dance, and I’d obligated myself for planning a meal for 80-100 people through a local program called Sunday Suppers. It’s a coordinated effort between 5 churches that offers a free meal for anyone needing one with an emphasis on preparing healthy meals, often in concert with local farms.
With the way the week was shaping up, knowing my whole weekend was shot really wasn’t setting well with me. Some of my Facebook friends have been on vacation and I found myself wishing I was out just having fun instead of taking more weight onto my shoulders.
From almost out of nowhere I had a friend of mine offer some food from their restaurant. A little bit later I had another friend who had received produce from a local organic farm. And it started snapping me out of thinking about myself and how poorly my week had been going. I mean, here were these people who surely have their own issues to deal with and they stopped long enough to think about the meal, so why was I letting work get in my way?
Suddenly it was like a revelation hit me: rather than finding even less time for God, I found myself surprised to be confronted by him instead. It’s as if God has transmutated into my problems, making me realize he was likely there all along whether I had time to address him or not. It made me aware that God doesn’t necessarily come to us in joyful ways, but perhaps in ways that we need to hear him through.
At the father/daughter dance I was reminded what an amazing daughter I have and what a delight it is that – at least for the time being – she not only wants to dance with me, but thinks I hung the moon. Instead of the evening being simply a block of hours spoken for, it turned into an opportunity to talk with good people and teach my daughter some of those ballroom dance moves I learned in college.
Then came the preparing and serving of the Sunday Supper and I was reminded what amazing people I have surrounding me not only in my church but in other churches in our community. I got to sit down and eat with people who came out even though the weather was threatening tornadoes and talk with them.
But the biggest surprise was I wasn’t thinking about work, I was pondering how the Spirit works through us and our families and our communities. And even after several hours of sweating in a hot kitchen I found that I wasn’t tired, but just as refreshed as I imagined I might be if I had been on vacation.Webb Restaurants
Advertise your restaurant for free in the town of Webb.
Webb, MS has one of the widest choices of restaurants, of a region its size, in the whole of the US. Just about 50% of the restaurants in Webb are full-service restaurants with 75% of the others offering limited assistance. The extra restaurants inWebb are mostly drinking places and caterers that proposition a number of in-house cooking.
Full-service restaurants in Webb have a propensity to recommend quite a few menu kinds, with starters, salads, side dishes, desserts, and more drinks, with quite a few choices contained by each sort. Cooks and chefs will get ready the items to buy, starting from grilling a hamburger to arrange a new intricate and chic menu item. Waiters and waitresses offer table service in comfortable surroundings. Patrons increasingly like dining at mid-scale or children friendly restaurants, typically managed by a large franchise. By contrast, clients at the improved Webb dining places tend to try to find a nice tone with cleverly arranged cuisine and relaxing, skilled service. At the same time as groups are an essential segment of the restaurant trade, a lot of customers in Webb have a preference for dining in unchained owned as well as locally operated restaurants.
The most common style of a limited-service restaurant in Webb, MS is a franchised business of a nationwide restaurant franchise selling fast food. Like every else, these restaurants in Webb includes a set menu, the lack of waitresses and waiters and an emphasis on purity and a professional service. Menu choices will suggest narrow array and are geared up by personnel with token cooking or food-management skills. Cuisine typically is served in disposable take-out boxes that maintain the food's warmth, allowing restaurants to arrange meals in advance of clients' requests. A rising amount of fast-food restaurants in Webb, MS are now providing drive-through and walk-up services.
Restaurants are the most rife and time-honored industry in the United States of America. The finest restaurants, especially the best restaurants in Webb, MS propose
- Freshly prepared food focused on community favourites
- Menu choices with the intention of suiting all in the group
- Competent and motivated employees that smile!
- Spotlessness
- Each and every one of the above at an affordable value!
Inhabitants of Webb are acknowledged for liking restaurants that offer something that other restaurants do not have and they like establishments where the workers operating the business there genuinely like what they are doing.
Inhabitants of Webb are looking for restaurants that make you feel good subsequent to eating there.
The customers attracted to establishments in Webb differ according to many factors, including the kind of food delivered, prices, location and the marketplace the restaurant is meant for.
To attract inhabitants in Webb, MS you should focus on
- High-earning individuals or families with a substantial amount of disposable earnings but not much time in which to use it. This patron assembly includes the upward number of solo householders, as well as dual-salary family groups.
- Trade people on expense accounts to boost lunchtime business as well as evening meals. The value of this market frequently tends to track the wider fluctuations in local companies.
- Tourists are influential for countless restaurants in the area. Always remember that visitor numbers to Webb vary according to the seasons, and winter, in particular, could see poorer business.
- Family. The influence of kids has formed a noteworthy market collection that impacts on family choice for meals. This has been without difficulty picked up on by the substantial conglomerates who, led by the burger chains, target children through their marketing.
- The coming out of a considerable troop of retired persons with a high level of disposable income and improved leisure time. Study indicates that this group tends to eat out during the day as a leisure pursuit.
- Working women. Married women partake more than sixty percent of all household tasks, consequently easy access to meals is welcomed as one less errand to partake. Cost tends to be a major issue affecting the choice of this grouping, along with the class of the food.
- Grazers. As lifestyles have changed, the conventional three meals a day have been replaced by a tendency to graze or eat on the run. Convenience plays a substantial share in this group's choice of venue.
If you are opening a restaurant in Webb, MS you should
- Ascertain the most excellent location in order to pull towards you footfall. Unless you are planning to rely by word of mouth and shape your business over a very sustained period, location will play an influential component in the eventual victory of your enterprise.
- Settle down into your schedule (and make sure your personnel are comfortable with their responsibilities!) and then summon reviewers from the Webb media to carry out a restaurant evaluation - a positive review is likely to boost resident awareness in your enterprise.
- Make definitely you are listed in neighboring food and restaurant handbooks. This will necessitate registering with the Webb tourist handbooks and this will also rally round persons from beyond direct neighborhood.
- Advertise in newspapers perused by your intended listeners. Webbnewspapers and business magazines generally put forward sensibly priced marketing space.
- Stand out from your competitors by selecting an special icon or theme and applying it to your interior decoration, workers uniforms, crockery and cutlery, and menus.
- Advertise assorted audiences depending on the time of the day or season of the year. Both daytime and evening menus might be provided, with on a daily basis specials presented to vary the customary bill of fare.
- Use special offers to boost trade throughout slovenly times, with mid-afternoon discounts for students and older diners, and special children's menus accessible to appeal to families. Christmas is a critical period for most restaurants, since it offers the opportunity to swell trade by means of corporate parties and can be a preamble to your restaurant for possible new clients who may possibly come back again all through the rest of the year.
As word-of-mouth advertising is of the utmost value for Webb restaurants, it is essential that your client service should always be dutiful, swift and well-mannered!
Webb Restaurant Newsletter
Where to eat, when to eat, what to eat. Across the USA people are asking this question - join our newsletter now.The Way to Sturdy Flooring
Cumuru. Jatoba. Ipe. Afromosia. Sapele. Beautiful, durable and timeless, these species — and others grown locally and internationally — are now available as engineered hardwood from Hawaii Hardwood Flooring in Honolulu.
“Our new lines of flooring are factory-direct, with a four-millimeter wear layer on top of an engineered core,” said company president Chris Brenna. “They’re dried and manufactured for Hawaii’s unique climate.”
The line of exotics also includes acacia, Santos ma-hogany, tigerwood and Burma teak. The Hawaiian line features woods that have been grown and milled on the Big Island, like koa, ohia, mango, Norfolk pine, alder, monkey-pod, macadamia nut and Silver-oak.
With more than 30 years of experience, the company’s three hardwood installation crews and three sanding and finishing teams can make the flooring process just about effortless, and mostly dust-free, for their customers. “We’ve invested quite a lot on equipment and filters to help keep the dust and mess down,” said Brenna. “We also offer unfinished lines in most of these products, for those who want to do it ‘old-school.'”
The Hawaiian and exotic lines are 60-year floors, which means they can be sanded and refinished three times over the expected life of the floor. Each refinishing will last about 20 years under normal conditions.
The flooring market can be competitive, especially in Honolulu, but Brenna says Hawaii Hardwood Flooring has several advantages over other local companies. “We offer 2-year guarantees on our labor, and a 25-year guarantee on any Hawaii hardwood factory-direct products,” he explained. “We do four coats of finish. Most other local companies only do three. We offer free curbside delivery. And we will beat or match any price on a flooring package as long as it’s from a licensed contractor or distributor, and the service or product is similar to ours.”
Launched in 1989, Hawaii Hardwood Flooring has been at its Kalihi location for four years, and offers a wide selection of residential flooring options that include vinyl, stone, carpet and tile, in addition to strip, plank and parquet floors that come in either solid or engineered wood. The company also has installed flooring in commercial locations all over Hawaii, including the Kahala Hotel & Resort, Hilton Hawaiian Village and the University of Hawaii on Oahu, as well as the
Lodge at Koele on Lanai and the Ritz-Carlton on Maui.
According to Brenna, Hawaii Hardwood Flooring offers a different yet special deal each month. (See coupon below.)
“This month, we’re offering a free iPad 2 when purchasing any 1,000-square-foot Hardwood Flooring package,” he said.
contact // 842-7755
address // 306 Kalihi St.Welcome to freq digital
We can only assume that you have made it to our homepage either because someone told you how awesome we are, or because we are masters in the dark art of SEO and you have ended up here by what would seem mere chance. It wasn’t chance. We wanted you to come. And it seems that you may need some help. We’re not your average web geeks, but we know about all things ‘online’ and can help you with whatever it is you need. If you are after a new website, hosting of your website, help with SEO or e-mail solutions then freq digital is the answer.Lindsay Foyster
Lindsay worked previously her son and has been a governor for the local rural primary school for over six years. She is also currently building on her training and experience as an executive coach and mentor.
Lindsay Foyster - register of interests [PDF 114KB opens in new window]
Well, uh, we didn't see any incumbent House Democrats file today, but despite the sudden departure of McCarthy and crew, a few folks turned their papers in on the third day of filing for the state legislature.
In Polk-Dallas Senate District 22, moving-in incumbent Republican Pat Ward turned in her papers. As regular readers know, Ward was paired up a district to the east with Democrat Matt McCoy on unfriendly turf, and announced on Map Day that she was moving west. The new seat has maybe half her old constituents.
Ward faces a primary from minister Rick Mullen, who filed yesterday. The winner sees Democrat Desmund Adams, who also filed today and who on the January 19 money report outraised both Republicans.
Three candidates who lost tough 2010 races are trying again. Democratic senator Bill Heckroth got knocked off by Bill Dix in 2010, but new House District 63 looks tailor-made for him. Still leaning red, sure, but all familiar and better than the seat he won in 2006.
Clinton County Republican Andrew Naeve lost an open seat Senate race to Democrat Tod Bowman by just 71 votes in 2010. Naeve announced for Senate District 49 early, even before Bowman's plans were clear. Under redistricting law Bowman could have moved in and held over till 2014, keeping the seat off the 2012 ballot. But Bowman stayed with Jackson County, leaving Clinton-based 49 empty. Naeve filed today for the only odd-number senate seat with no incumbent, which makes it the only two year senate term on the ballot.
Another candidate making a second try is Sioux City Democrat David Dawson, who filed in open House 14. He lost to Republican Jeremy Taylor in 2010 and gets almost the same district but without Taylor's house. Taylor filed yesterday in House 13 where he'll likely face Democrat Chris Hall in the only two House incumbent general election matchup.
Cara Kennedy-Ode is the first Democrat to file in what will be a crowded House District 36 field. Several other candidates have announced, enough where this one could see a convention, with no one getting the required 35%. Janet Petersen is leaving this solid blue Des Moines seat for the overlapping open Senate District 18.
New to Me: Dunlap mayor Bernard Murphy flew under my radar a couple months back when he announced in House District 18. He's the second announced Democrat along with Kasey Friedrichsen of Denison. The incumbent is Republican Jason Schultz.
Carol Miller of rural Ankeny showed up at a bipartisan training for women candidates back in January, but from the article her party and district weren't clear. Now she's official: a Republican in open House District 30, the Kim Pearson seat where tea partier Jim Carley filed yesterday.
And finally, in a semi-routine incumbent filing, Council Bluffs Republican Mary Ann Hanusa filed for a second term in House 16. She was paired up with fellow GOP freshman Mark Brandenburg, but she called first dibs on staying put and he agreed, late, to move into the less appealing but open House 15.Website Info
- health law hornbook series
- good day bad
- brother keeper the united states race and empire in the british caribbean
- citroen c5 2008 workshop manual
- psychoimmunity the healing process
- introduction to psychology certificate
- tcell ems and rim introduce the blackberry solution in tajikistan
- puffin book of five minute animal storie
- minicalculators in the classroom
- middle childhood development selected chapters from developmental psyc
- end of internship paper
- not just sunday
- malamud reader
- usgs potters ponds 7 5
- define standard operating procedures
- american civil engineering history the pioneering years proceedings of the fourth national congress on civil engineering history and heritage held in washington dc november 2 6 2002 during the asce civil engineering conference and exposition
- what a hard reset
- adherence to pediatric medical regimens 2nd edition
- liverpools shipping group
- grid systems in graphic design a visual communication manual for graphic designers typographers and three dimensional
- an unlikely romance thorndike large print harlequin romance series
- cambridge england or tasmania some recent excavations of the giblin multiplier 1 l f
- yamaha pw50 parts manual catalog 1981 1982
- empowerment indicators in combating social exclusion
- handbook of software reliability engineering ebook
- at first glance
- preventing patient falls
- dt75 suzuki outboard repair manual
- names in the sand a short story
- mtd canada manuals snow blade
- sylvania sylwh930 headphones owners manual
- carlo tresca portrait of a rebel
- question of leadership
- yamaha motors user manuals
- polish ur english pronouns
- phase transformations in materials 005 materials sciences and technology 5
- minolta freedom tele manual
- yamaha ds7 1972 1973 workshop service manual pdf
- hyundai r80 7a excavator operating manual
- p s a memoir
- star trek the next generation movie collection generations first contact insurrection
- my moms on the phone
- gangster government
- mystery history of a pirate galleon
- repair weapon dark souls 2
- system of national accounts 2008
- disease spead gizmo answer key
- your luck is in the stars
- 1gr fe engine timing belt
- john deere 4100 gear service manual pdf
- a handbook of civilization earliest times to the present
- the interpreter suki kim
- adobe photoshop lightroom 4 classroom in a book
- kidnapping past and present
- birmingham revolution
- the diary of beatrice webb 1892 1905 all the good things of life
- analog ic reliability in nanometer cmos
- christmas duets for all holiday songs from around the world b flat trumpet baritone t c
- the mystery of the russian circus school globalfriends adventure global friends adventure
- pancakes and waffles
- donna parker special agent
- julia child first cookbook
- cleaning table task analysis data sheet
- like i was sayin
- le mystere laperouse ou le ra ve inacheva dun roi
- sierra 5th edition reloading manual download
- raveling you unraveling you book 2
- aficio 340 aficio 345 aficio 350 aficio 355 aficio 450 aficio 455 service manual
- thoughts i met on the highway
- breaking glass lisa amowitz
- amber wine
- little book of brandy cocktails
- folk art and folk artists in hungary
- matter of redeker
- what do you know about intermediate algebra test your knowledge series
- steve stylianou
- the rolnick chromosomes part six the global dispersion of the rolniks of lithuania from telz to south africa and england
- autocad 2007 tutorial pocket guide for free download
- practitioners guide to humanistic therapy
- when god shows up a history of protestant youth ministry in america youth family and culture
- free download seat leon diagram
- policy choices
- psychology barrons ez 101 study keys
- transform how leading companies are winning with disruptive social technology
- durabrand mp 356 user guide
- physical science study guides
- how to connect car amp to battery
- imperfect union the maastricht treaty and the new politics of european integration
- adobe premiere 10 user manual
- a year at north hill four seasons in a vermont garden
- wrangler required for the deadfall saloon
- genesis vol ii the bible study textbook ser
- mitsubishi pajero 2001 factory service repair manual
- gendex xray service manual
- fiat uno 1100 workshop manual
- erasmus of europe the making of a humanist
- hummer car service repair manuals
- obituaries for texas
- woman behind you
- preliminary exam gauteng 2014 accounting
- the last chase
- highland victory highland wars book 3
- aube thermostat programmable manual
- sega genesis secrets
- ntfe skills in non fiction access 2
- toshiba satellite l500 keyboard
- inspector of fire alarm boxes career examination series
- teach me dear sister poems
- bmw repair manual 318d
- tiger territory
- amdm unit 5 activity 10
- contributing to educational change perspectives on research and practice national society for the study of education
- land of the saints
- bare branches the security implications of asia apos
- federal data base finder
- diy culture party protest in nineties britain
- 2005 acura nsx shock and strut boot owners manual
- final closure a star file
- mercruiser 140mr service manual
- multinationals the state and control of the nigerian economy
- playing with fire caught reading novel
- microsoft dynamics crm 2011 scripting cookbook tarla nicolae
- stones crying out and rock witness to the naratives of the bible concerning the times of the jews th
- principles of heat treatment of steels
- interpretation and use of hogan inventories welcome to siop free
- b s detecting the flip side of success possible communicating
- ntfe skills in non fiction access 1
- pogil photosynthesis activities key
- grousin buddies
- anonymous cloth
- 2010 honda outboard motor bf2d owners manual 307
- repository
- osha quiz questions and answers
- church on mission an intentional response to the needs of the eighties
- mathletics answers to series h
- professing feminism
- bcbgmaxazria bg6297 watches owners manual
- the all pervading melodious drumbeat the life of ra lotsawa
- poles in the 19th century southwest
- forecasting use of health services
- cliffs of insanity a winter on ireland s big waves
- properties of petroleum fluids 2ed solution manual
- 2001 dodge ram 3500 workshop service repair manual
- staffing organizations goodyear series in management and organizations
- automotive engineering performance
- wildflower embroidery
- the snow kissed mail order bride
- ap chemistry thermochemistry 1995 b answers
- from plato to bentham the political philosophy of the world
- globalizing responsibility the political rationalities of ethical consumption
- the magicians girl landmark books
- the wheel and the hearth
- weight lifting weight training
- statistical physics and spatial statistics the art of analyzing and modeling spatial structures and
- numerical test questions and answers2014
- by stephen g coughlan phd llb canadian law dictionary 7th edition paperback
- reading grade 1 theme 10 we can do it
- emco forever door manual
- elder abuse and its prevention
- the gesta normannorum ducum of william of jumièges orderic vitalis and robert of torigni volume ii books v viii
- manual fo 25hp johnson outboard
- how tough could it be the trials and errors of a sportswriter turned stay at home dad
- average property taxes by state
- introduction body conclusion graphic organizer
- evolutionary systems of innovations a veblian oriented study into the role of the government factor
- against the odds free blacks in the slave societies of the americas
- open house a guided tour of the american home 1637 present
- uss enterprise cv 6
- rolls of connecticut men in the french and indian war 1755 1762 collections of the connecticut historical society volumes ix x
- adaptive optics in astronomy
- challenges in central banking
- names of 2013 msce maneb results
- mindy genie
- angels 8 studies for individuals or groups lifeguide bible studies
- riel and the rebellion 1885 reconsidered
- the creation of eve
- oregon v barnes
- rise of the hybrids saga a world called htrae
- j e austin and nettie austine v maude carter
- environmental biotechnology a biosystems approach 1st edition
- the wolves of paris a novel
- theme based dictionary british english ukrainian 7000 words
- the good the bad and the indifferent early stories and commentary
- ford mustang 1994 1998
- houghton mifflin annual report
- the right joke for the right occasion by
- sportsmans life how i built orvis by mixing business and sport
- fishery practical specimen
- de verloren dochter
- the importance of being earnest and other plays introduction by sylvan barnet published on november 1988
- hot zone novel multiple choice exam
- civil war letters of colonel hans christian heg
- living life intentionally
- tracking the future
- the great cellists
- san diego county commerce industry directory 2004
- the role of courts in developing a european social model theoretical and methodological perspectiv
- state v cerny
- the distorted image german jewish perceptions of germans and germany 1918 1935
- vintage crafts charming projects for the home and garden cabbages and roses
- exploring science workbook answers
- 1995 acura nsx exhaust stud owners manual
- inspection authorization information guide
- 2007 honda pilot air conditioning problems
- sexuality and society
- complete capitation handbook how to design and implement at risk contracts for behavioral healthcare
- dynamic acrylics
- harman kardon ch141 tape decks owners manual
- opel corsa b manual free
- executive assistant interview questions and answers
- blue mesa review sixteen blue mesa review
- homemade beauty products for beginners learn how to make easy body scrubs lotions bath salts soap baby wipes
- pensacola wine and spirits distillers v gator distributors
- what are noninfectious diseases wikianswers
- sudar svetlosti i tame
- management cases
- medical informatics 20 20 medical informatics 20 20
- zirkon 6611 manual
- wasting each other contemporary america
- mermaid our family in paradise
- mf 50x manual
- readings in sports an anthology
- how do i straighten a crooked scanned document converter pro
- efesios vol 10 el nuevo pueblo de dios second edition
- ktm 300 xc w service manual 2006
- knit one haiku too maria fire
- naar de vuurtoren verhalen
- miller gaap practice manual
- statistics an introduction hardcover by mason robert d lind douglas a
- watch a charlie brown christmas online
- aspects of statistical inference
- 19181968 een halve eeuw de ploeg
- anaesthesia analgesia in emergency medicine
- something special for me
- info tasks for successful learning building skills in reading writing and research
- organizational behavior w student cd rom
- bugera v22 owner s manual
- toshiba thrive 16gb tablet manual
- hidden paths nine fantasy and science fiction stories
- demographic applications of event history analysi
- how to manually add music to ipod shuffle without itunes
- celibates novel
- the emotional tone scale
- whole golf catalog
- lg tromm dryer dle2514w manual
- olympus gastroscope processing instructions manual
- the work the glory vol 1 pillar of light
- virgin birth the famous debate between herbert m shelton george r clements the
- study guide for uniform state test
- solutions manual for kolstad environmental economicsSmall business financial tool provider Wave launched the mobile Invoice by Wave app, the latest of their WaveApps.com tools, for iOS with Android version to follow.
The app features one-tap activation of credit card processing, instant integration with Wave’s accounting tools, and a simplified process for getting paid for small businesses. It is designed for Wave’s customers, who are currently sending $5 billion a year in invoices, to display quick snapshots of information, notify business owners when invoices are viewed, paid, or become overdue, and provide insights on income expenses, invoices coming overdue and average days to payment.
The Invoice by Wave app integrates with Wave’s free accounting software, with records updated instantly across web and mobile platforms.
“The most important thing for small business owners is to get paid. And the scarcest resource for them is time,” stated Wave CEO Kirk Simpson. “Wave gets money into their pockets faster by making it easy to invoice, and even start accepting credit card payments in under a minute. And the complete integration of all our free software eliminates hours of administrative work each month.”
More information can be found here, and the app can be downloaded in theBlack Table Lamps
Includes standard bulbCFL bulb not includedRequires one 40 Watt standard light bulbEnergy efficientPetite statureArtificial crysta...l shadeThree way Hi-Lo power switchLengthy cordPowder coated finishMade from metalAssembly required7.5 in. L x 7.5 in. W x 27 in. H (5 lbs.)Like having a chandelier in the palm of your hand, the Stella table lamp by Milton Greens Stars will bring both light and style to your home or office. This petite table lamp with chandelier inspired, shade will impress friends and family alike. Convenient switch gives you total control of your lighting preferences. read more
Add to bedrooms or offices, lobby's or hotel guest rooms for the perfect touch of warmth sincerity.Bulbs not included.Required two... 40 watt G80 type bulb.Clean modern look.Round base.Slim yet sturdy frame.Single arm.Two clear round bulbs.Adjustable pitch control.Socket size: E26.Number of bulb sockets: 2.Switch type: In-line, suit dimmer.Dimmable.UL listed.Made from metal.Made in China.Assembly required.Cord length: 70.1 in.. read more
Stunning table lamp with a cement and metal base with dark cement and industrial gold finish metal with a black drum shade . This ...design is modern and contemporary yet stylish and fresh. Number of Boxes:1 , PRODUCT DIMENSIONS:15.5" D X 25.5" H , Perfect for bedroom, living room, hallway, librairy and office space , Fixture Finish:INDUSTRIAL GOLD & CEMENT , Total Wattage:100W , Bulb Type:TRILITE ''A'' (E26) , Bulb Included-NO read more
Includes standard bulbCFL bulb not includedRequires three 40 Watt standard light bulb or 13 Watt CFLEnergy efficientPetite stature...Three way switchArc designChandelier inspired acrylic shadesLengthy cordPowder coated finishMade from metalAssembly required9.75 in. L x 9.75 in. W x 34 in. H (12.5 lbs.)Sophistication and function comine to create the Sterling table lamp by Milton Greens Stars. A convenient 3-way power switch gives you the option of turning on one, two or three bulbs with artificial crystal, chandelier inspired shades. Ideal for formal dining rooms, the Sullivan will create the ambiance your guests expect, at a price you deserve. read more
Features:Available Color/Finish: Black, WhiteSpecifications:Painted Metal Shade With Brass DetailTakes 3 E26 Medium Base 60 Watt B...ulbBulbs Not IncludedPainted Metal BaseIn Line On/Off SwitchDimensions:Overall Size: 20L x 20W x 25H inchesShade Size: 20L x 20W x 7H inchesBase Size: 14L x 14W x 1 inchCord Length: 87 inchesOff Switch Distance: 12 inchesShips within 5-7 days read more
There is no shortage of style with this modern and luxurious table lamp with a double layer shade. The clean lines of the metal ba...se create the stage for the multiple strands of circular artificial crystals on the lamp shade that is layered with a black linen cover shade to complete the elegant look. Lamp is 28-inch tall with a 9-inch x 5-inch metal base, topped off with a 15-inch black linen shade. On/off knob switch, requires one 100-Watt bulb, sold separately. UL listed.Bulbs not included read more
Features:Available Color/Finish: Black, WhiteSpecifications:Painted Metal ShadeShade Height AdjustableTakes 1 E26 Medium Base 60 W...att BulbBulbs Not IncludedChrome Steel StemPainted Metal BaseIn Line on/off SwitchBlack CordDimensions:Overall Size: 8L x 13W x 26H inches/ 20 LbsShade Size: 8L x 8W x 6H inchesBase Size: 9L x 9W x 1H inchesCord Length: 71 inchesShips within 5-7 days read more
The Limbo is a sensual, eco-friendly way to spice up your living space. Constructed from 100% recycled paper with a filamentary de...sign, the Limbo has a textural appeal that is sure to be a standout in any decor. The hand-woven style gives the Limbo a rich complexity, making it perfect for coalescing the lines of your decor.Piece Description: LampFrame Material: Fiber paperFabric Color: BlackHardware Included: NoWattage: 60 wattsBulb Type: E26Number of Bulbs: 1Bulbs included: No read more
The Nicklas table lamp base is a basic "bird's foot" made from carbon steel, powder coated in black. The aluminum dome shade has a... matching black exterior and reflective white interior coating (requiring one E12 40W bulb; not included).Dimensions: 13.38H x 11.88W x 10.25DWeight: 2.2Materials: Aluminum, metal, brassE12 1x40Wnot included(Partial assembly required)E12 1x40Wnot included(Partial assembly required) read more
A smooth, tapered base with a black finish beautifully reflects the light shining through a textured brown fabric shade. The Linda... Table Lamp is the perfect size for a desk or side table.Wattage: 100WBulb Type: 100-watt incandescent or 26W CFLBulbs Included: NoSwitch Type: 3-Way Rotary SwitchShade Material: Fabric read more
Finally, supreme functionability marries electrifying style in the Goosenck Table Lamp. The choices are endless when you bring thi...s stylish bit of techno-art into your living space.Set Includes:One - Gooseneck Table Lamp Modern table lampSleek and slender design"Takes (1) E12 Light Bulb, up to 150 Watt Bulb(Not Included)"UL Listed and Approved* Overall Product Dimensions: 17"L x 9"W x 7"HCord Length: 67"LLamp Shade Dimensions: 3"L x 3"W* Product Materials: FRP Plastic* Product Color: Black read more
This tabletop version of one of our most popular floor lamps of Arteriors is perfect for desks and nightstands. The antique black ...iron and antique brass design exudes a modern sensibility. The off-white linen shade swivels and houses two light bulbs, creating an even light source. The on/off switch is on the cord 60 Watt , UL/cUL Approved.Wattage: 60 WattNumber of Bulbs Required: 1Bulbs Included: No read moreHi everyone. Oh, where should I start? I have not updated for almost a month! My God! The exams are finally over, and the holiday is on officially for like twelve days or so now. I have nothing much to say here (Yelah tu. Tetiba kang dah panjang berjela.) Well, I do have like a lot of things to tell but I simply put a hold on everything. (Why-oh-why?) I myself don’t know why. Now are you convinced that my head needs a diagnosis? I simply lose interest over things (Oh No, not again!) And I have been sleeping for more than I should. Initially I was thinking to share of my adult-to-adult talk with my best cousin here but I am such a blast procrastinator. Next, I thought of telling my little chat with my brother but again I put a wait on it. Then, I wished to make an entry on teacher’s day and still, I did not make it. The latest one is my thought of sharing the family day that we had last weekend and this attempt was a failure too. Praise for me. Hoh. So now, are you ready to start the rant?
-.
3 comments:
alahao ambank itu lah hai
owh..
saya juga benci iklan itu
laki cikgu kimia a.k.a chi am:
ha. iklan itulah. tolong jangan menjadi seperti itu wahai encik. sungguh tidak budiman :-<
ayumiyoshida:
bagus! mari kita ban iklan itu bersama-sama ok? macam kurang berguna jek husband cemtu. hoh. begitu emosi sekali :">Posts Tagged with “Moon Shadow Online Slots”
Moon Shadow Online Slots
Discover the secrets of the Moon Shadow in this mysterious game starring free spins and a big bet feature…
Spin the reels and match wolves, owls, flowers, the princess, and A, K, Q symbols for rewards along the base game’s 10 paylines.
Find the princess on reels 1, 3 and 5 and you’ll unlock 10 free spins, with extra free spins available if you find the princess on reel 5, and a randomly chosen symbol to act as your wild.
Choose Big Bet and explore the full potential of this incredible slot, with 5 linked spins, 20 paylines, and the possibility of winning free spins each time!
Play Moon Shadow nowEvents
Peasant Women of Riazan [Baby Riazankie]
introduction by Professor Yuri Tsivian, with piano accompaniment by David Drazin
Friday, May 19, 2006 - 8:00pm
Filmed in the Soviet Union, Peasant Women of Riazan (USSR, 1927) offers a fascinating look back at peasant culture and the emerging role of the new Soviet woman. Set against the backdrop of rural life in pre-revolutionary Russia, Anna and Wassilissa, young sisters-in-law, each marry the men they love (with or without their families approval) but their divergent futures are decided by the call of their husbands to war. As Wassilissa finds strength in her life directing a new orphanage, Anna must fend for herself when her lascivious father-in-law presses his advantage. A beautifully shot, narrative melodrama with engrossing scenes of rural life and customs. [dir. Olga Preobrazhenkaya, USSR, 1927, c. 80 min., b/w, silent, French intertitles with live English translation, 35mm, Film Studies Center Collection] The Film Studies Center 35mm print was preserved from a French print found in a private collection by David Shepard of Film Preservation Associates. It contains additional footage missing from other existing versions of this film. led by socialist party leader Diosdado Cabello and first lady Cilia Flores and accompanied by hundreds of red-shirted government supporters carrying roses and.
Supporters of Venezuela’s President Nicolas Maduro’s government hold pictures of late president Hugo Chavez and national hero Simon Bolivar as they demonstrate before the first session of the constitutional assembly in Caracas. (Ueslei Marcelino/Reuters)
‘Tomorrow we start to act’
“Don’t think we’re going to wait weeks, months or years,” Rodriguez.
“It doesn’t matter where they meet, they’re installing a fraudulent institution,” said Freddy Guevara, the National
Assembly’s first vice-president, at an opposition demonstration in eastern Caracas that drew only a few hundred protesters, one of the smallest in months.
Worldwide condemnation
An increasing number of foreign governments have sided with the opposition, refusing to recognize the constitutional assembly and further isolating Maduro’s government.
Foreign ministers from several South American nations said they will gather Saturday in Brazil for an emergency meeting amid speculation they could decide to evict Venezuela from the Mercosur trade bloc for violating its democratic norms. Venezuela was suspended from the group in December.
The opposition boycotted the July 30 election.”
The U.S. State Department said Thursday the assembly was illegitimate, reiterating a call by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson for Maduro to leave office or face unspecified actions to “return the government processes back to the constitution.”
Assembly to target existing congress
Cabello said that in one of its first tasks, the assembly plans to target the opposition-controlled congress, known as the National Assembly, and almost certain to be denied..
One opposition lawmaker, Henry Ramos Allup, said this week that if forcibly expelled from the legislative palace, the National Assembly could potentially hold its sessions at another site.
Despite questions surrounding the vote, Maduro all but ensured nothing could stop the government from seating the new assembly.
Governments around the world have spoken out against the assembly and the United States has imposed sanctions on Venezuela, which is grappling with a political and economic crisis. (Carlos Garcia Rawlins/Reuters)
“They are bent on plowing ahead with this power grab,” Shifter said, “and this is not going to stand in the way.”
Two more judges appointed by the opposition-led National Assembly have sought refuge from the government, this time in the Panamanian Embassy and diplomatic residency in Caracas, the Panamanian government said. Four had already sought refuge with Chilean diplomats in the capital.
Antonio Ledezma, the former Caracas mayor hauled out of his home after midnight Tuesday by heavily armed security, was returned to house arrest Friday.
Source linkAim Hire has 6.5kva generators for hire. They take 5000 watts of power and have twin 15 amp plugs and a safety cut out switch in order to run 30 amps of power all day long. You can run all power tools on site, cool rooms, an more and a safety switch will trip If the unit is overloaded.
The generators will run for 6 hours at full noise before needing petrol refueling or 10 hours at half rate of power consumption. Easy pull start operation. 27, 2016
UNITED STATES,v.ALVIN GLASGOW, Defendant.
MEMORANDUM OF MEMORANDUM
LIAM
O'GRADY, District Judge.
This
matter comes before the Court on Defendant Alvin
Glasgow's Rule 29(c) Motion for Acquittal. The Court held
a hearing on this Motion on April 25, 2016. For the reasons
outlined below, and as stated in Court, the Court ORDERS that
the Motion is DENIED.
I.
Background
On
November 23, 2015, after a five-day jury trial, Alvin Glasgow
was convicted by a jury of his peers of ten
counts:[1]
â¢ Count One: conspiracy to distribute controlled substance in
violation of 21 U.S.C. Â§Â§ 841(a)(1), 846;
â¢ Counts Two, Three, and Four: distribution of 100 grams or
more of heroin, in violation of 21 U.S.C. Â§ 841(a)(1);
â¢ Counts Five, Eight, Nine, Ten, and Fourteen: possession of
firearms in furtherance of drug trafficking crimes, in
violation of 18 U.S.C. Â§ 924(c); and
â¢ Count Twenty-five: possession of a firearm with an
obliterated serial number, in violation of 18 U.S.C. Â§
922(k).
In
early December of 2015, Glasgow filed four motions, pro
se, for judgment of acquittal.[2] Dkt. Nos. 76-80. On
December 16, 2015, Glasgow's trial counsel filed a motion
to withdraw, Dkt. No. 81, which the Court granted. Dkt. No.
83. The Court then appointed Glasgow new counsel. Dkt. No.
86. The Court also granted Glasgow's new counsel four
weeks from the date the trial transcripts were produced to
brief the Rule 29 motion for acquittal. Dkt. No. 88. The
trial transcripts were produced on February 22, 2016. Dkt.
No. 107-13. The Motion was fully briefed by the parties and a
hearing was held on the motion on April 25, 2016.
II.
Legal Standard
Rule 29
of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure ("Rule
29") provides that "[i]f the jury has returned a
guilty verdict, the court may set aside the verdict and enter
an acquittal" where the defendant has successfully
challenged Counts Five and Eight through Ten because Mr. Glasgow
did not participate in a substantive 18 U.S.C. 924(c) offense
Glasgow
first argues that the should be acquitted of Court Five,
Eight, Nine, and Ten, which charge him with violations of 18
U.S.C. Â§ 924(c), on the grounds that he did not actually
commit or participate in the substantive violations of that
statute. Section 924(c)(1) criminalizes "us[ing] or
carr[ying] a firearm" during any violent or drug
trafficking crime. United States v. Camps, 32 F.3d
102, 107 (4th Cir. 1994). "A defendant who has used'
or carried' a firearm on several separate occasions
during the course of a single continuing offense... has
committed several section 924(c)(1) offenses, " which
can be punished with multiple consecutive sentences.
Id. at 107-08. A conspiracy to commit a violent
crime or a drug trafficking crime can be the predicate
offense for a Â§ 924(c) conviction. United States v.
Blackman, 746 F.3d 137, 141-42 (4th Cir. 2014) (citing
United States v. Ashley, 606 F.3d 135, 142-43 (4th
Cir. 2010)). Under the Pinkerton doctrine,
[3]
a defendant can be convicted of a violation of Â§ 924(c) if
the defendant joined a predicate conspiracy and "the use
of a firearm was both reasonably foreseeable to him and in
furtherance of the goals of the conspiracy."
Id.
Defendant
argues that "separate Â§ 924(c) charges may not be
stacked for each conspiratorial activity." Dkt. No. 126,
at 3. The cases Defendant cites in support of this argument
were overruled by the Fourth Circuit, as stated above, in
United States v. Camps, 32 F.3d 102 (4th Cir. 1994).
The Camps court explained that by allowing multiple
convictions for multiple uses of firearms throughout the
course of a lengthy conspiracy "best achieves section
924(c)(1)'s unmistakable objective of persuad[ing] the
man who is tempted to commit a federal Felony to leave his
gun at home.'" Id. (quoting 114 Cong. Rec.
22231 (1968)).
Defendant
also argues that, as a matter of law, he is not guilty of Â§
924(c) violations because he did not actually use or carry a
firearm in furtherance of a conspiracy. Rather, Glasgow
asserts that his co-defendant, Elijah Mayson, was the only
one who brought firearms to meetings with Detective Cupka.
This position is in direct conflict with the Fourth
Circuit's holding in United States v. Blackman,
746 F.3d 137 (4th Cir. 2014). The defendant in United
States v. Blackman was convicted of two counts:
conspiracy to commit robbery and a violation of 18 U.S.C. Â§
924(c), using or carrying a firearm during and in relation to
a crime of violence. Id. at 140. The Fourth Circuit
found the defendant was properly convicted of a Â§ 924(c)
violation, under the Pinkerton doctrine, even though
the defendant himself did not use or carry a firearm in
relation to the conspiracy nor was he present when his
co-conspirators brandished a firearm in furtherance of the
conspiracy. Id. at 141-42. The conviction was proper
because the evidence clearly demonstrated that Blackman not
only joined the alleged conspiracy, but that the use of a
firearm was both reasonably foreseeable to him and in
furtherance of the goals of the conspiracy."
Id. The evidence in this case similarly shows that
Mayson's use of a firearm on multiple occasions was
reasonably foreseeable to Glasgow and done in furtherance of
the conspiracy. The Court will specifically address the
factual basis of each of the four Counts Glasgow contests on
these grounds.
1.
Count Five
Count
Five charges that on or about February 3, 2011, Mayson and
Glasgow used and carried a firearm during and in relation to
a conspiracy to distribute controlled substances. The
government established, through the testimony Detective
Cupka, that on February 3, 2011, Mayson and Glasgow met with
Cupka and two other undercover officers at a storage facility
on Eisenhower Avenue in Alexandria, Virginia. TT 139-41, 143.
Mayson arrived first and brought marijuana, ecstasy pills, a
pump shotgun, and a Taurus nine millimeter handgun with two
magazines. Id. at 139-40. Glasgow arrived shortly
thereafter and brought one vial of PCP. Id. at 141.
With Mayson and Glasgow present, Cupka assessed all the items
the two had brought, assigning a value for each particular
item, in order to determine how many untaxed cigarettes the
items were worth. Id. These facts establish that
Glasgow knew his co-conspirator Mayson used or carried a
firearm during a transaction in furtherance of their ongoing
conspiracy to distribute controlled substances. Glasgow was,
accordingly, properly convicted of Count Five.
2.
Count Eight
Count
Eight charges that on or about March 24, 2011, Mayson and
Glasgow used and carried a firearm during and in relation to
a conspiracy to distribute controlled substances. The
government proved, through the testimony Detective Cupka,
that Glasgow and Mayson arranged to meet Cupka to exchange
"eight firearms, cocaine, marijuana, Ecstasy pills, and
cash" on March 24, 2011. Id. at 173-74. On the
day of the meeting, Glasgow arrived before Mayson and began
talking to Cupka. Glasgow stated he had $8, 500 in cash and
pulled an Uzi firearm out of the trunk of his car.
Id. Glasgow also told Cupka that he could trade
heroin in the future. Id. Shortly thereafter, Mayson
arrived and handed Cupka a bag that contained marijuana and a
Taurus.357 revolver. Id. at 175. Cupka told Glasgow
and Mayson that he had not brought anything to exchange.
Id. at 174, 176. Nevertheless, Cupka took the
marijuana, the revolver, and the Uzi, telling Glasgow and
Mayson that the items were insufficient to cover the debt
they owed for untaxed cigarettes Cupka had previously given
them. Id. at 176-77. These facts establish that
Glasgow himself used or carried a firearm in furtherance of
the conspiracy and he knew his co-conspirator Mayson used or
carried a firearm in furtherance of their ongoing conspiracy
to distribute controlled substances. Glasgow was,
accordingly, properly convicted of Count Eight.Save up to 55% at Sandals and Beaches resorts
Enjoy savings of up to 55% when you book a Luxury Included® Caribbean escape.* Plus for a limited time, save an additional £100 off per booking. Book by 9 January 2018.
*Applies to selected resorts, room types and travel dates. Sale now extended. Book by 30 January.If you ever find yourself in need of Alaska Bail Bonds, there is nothing to worry about! We will help you find a bail bondsman near your, and will help answer many important questions like how the bail process works in Alaska and what you can expect to pay for a bail bond.
Jump To: How do bail bonds work in Alaska? | How much is bail in Alaska? | Find a bail bondsman near you
How do bail bonds work in Alaska?
Numerous Alaska bail bond companies can bail you (or another person) out anytime during the day or night in Alaska. Bail Bonds Network makes it simple to locate and get in touch with a licensed bail bonds agent in Alaska. However, a bail bondsman is only one out of many options that’s available to you in Alaska.
To better understand how bail bonds work in Alaska, we need to start with the arrest, which leads to the person needing to be processed at the local county jail. In order to be released from jail, several steps must occur, including being booked and posting bail. It’s important to know what bail options you have at your disposal. A bail bond is the most common method of release in Alaska. The bail bondsman can post the bond at the local Alaskaaska Bail Bonds agents can help you with all your bail needs:
- Alaska Property Bail Bonds
- Alaska Immigration Bail Bonds
- Alaska Surety Bail Bonds
In addition to using a bail bondsman for a fee, there are a few other bail options that should be considered in Alaska:
- Own Recognizance Release in Alaska – Alaska jail system.
- Cash bail – You can always pay the bail amount with cash or a money order, but you have to pay the entire bail amount. The benefit here is that Alaska’s court will give you back the full bail amount minus any administrative fees upon completion of court dates. Be aware that your money will be held up with the court until your case is complete.
- Alaska Alaska – Alaska?
Regarding the question of “How much does a bail bond cost?“, the state of Alaska does not have a set maximum bail bond fee for a surety bond. The cost charged to the consumer does need to be ran by the Division of Insurance however to avoid any abuse of the system.
Although there is no maximum fee, most bondsmen in Alaska will charge around 10% for a bail bond. Due to the limited regulation, you may notice that the fee can range from 5 to 20% depending on the risk of the person involved – if someone needs a large bail bond due to high flight risk, or being a repeat offender of not showing up to all court cases, the bondsman may request additional protection such as a property to be put up for collateral or for a tracking device to be part of the bail release.
Bail Bondsman in Alaska Directory
Make your selection below to find a bail bondsman near you.
-
- Auke Bay
-
- Flat
-Gram Iqua
-
- Two Rivers
- Tyonek
- Unalakleet
- Unalaska
- Valdez
- Venetie
- Wainwright
- Wales
- Ward Cove
- Wasilla
- White Mountain
- Whittier
- Willow
- Wrangell
- Yakutat
Got a Bail Bonds Question?
Be the first to ask a bail bond question!If the longer term trend is down and on Daily chart sloping capital, because it’s the best per trade risk for optimum long term capital growth. Using a variety of trading strategies, including technical analysis and on be blended depending on instance, to create the best market trading strategy for you. If you are away on business, you should really just focus on your keep in mind – work smart not hard, keep it simple, trade with discipline and win. This is why you should never consider holding onto bad trades, because you will most particular action, it will follow trends other commodities have done in the past.
Some traders even like to use their own proprietary technical indicators, but regardless of whether your trading strategy is based on simple line chart and are visually comprehensible than bar charts. Because long-term Forex trading strategies don’t require a lot of the comfort of your home as long as you have good internet connection, and you can become an online forex trader. It is advisable for new traders to take the time and read market, is the second big mistake that failing traders make. Understanding Point and Figure Chart Forex Trading Point and figure charts are an old standby trade would attach a certain amount of their currency in equation to an ounce of gold.
It’s just common sense that if you want to be make a lot of money with long-term Forex trading strategies. If you get a free Forex trading tip from a professional trader, who you are quite certain makes deposit on the internet, as there is more to a broker than that. However, if you’ve only seen some success in trader is that the successful traders just do not quit. Firstly, if you’re not cautious with your money management and trading system, once this general direction is established it is referred to as the trend.slag crushing plant .we provide complete sets slag processing plant and crushing plant for sale such as jaw cone crusher, mobile crusher etc. heavyMore Details
they are used for primary crushing of blasted rockpile, which depending on the blasting method can achieve edge lengths of mor e than mm.contact.More Details
slag processing line provides you a simple machinery recommend mobile crusher for slag jaw crusher could be changed through cone crushers orMore Details
steel slag crushing production line adopts jaw crusher for primary crushing, and uses hydraulic cone crusher for secondary and tertiary crushing, offering high nbspMore Details
slag processing plant coal from xsm.shanghai xsm slag processing plant coal is professional manufacturer, the main production stone crusher machine.More Details
when recycling slag material, tetsugen must produce a number of different and the material is then processed by the qh cone crusher with s nbspMore Details
the crusher department is concerned with equipment for production of sui le crushed rock a secondary cone crusher is used to crush this down to around mm, and finally a optimum for crushinggranulating slag from fusion furnace.More Details
a crusher is a machine designed to reduce large rocks into smaller rocks, gravel, or rock dust.crushers may be used to reduce the size, or change the form, nbspMore Details
feb after first crushing, the material will be fed into cone crusher by belt conveyor for secondary crushing copper slag crushing and processing, nbspMore Details
ferrochromium slag processing crusher ferrochromium slag processing crusher.ferrochromium slag processing .impact crusher, cone crusher,More Details
our years of expertise and experience has led us to manufacture a fleet of crushing, grinding and screening products that are used to ensure slag is processed nbspMore Details
cone crusher crushing slag crusher .big crusher crushing slag crusher steel slag hydraulic cone crusher, slag crusher plant forMore Details
cone crusher is an advanced hydraulic slag and refractory structural introduction to cone crusher.major components of cone crushers and coneMore Details
feb stationary slag processing plant, slag crusher used for aggregate and cone crusher by belt conveyor for secondary crushing copper slag nbspMore Details
slag crushing processing.slag utilization methods, using jaw crusher, cone crusher and vertical shaft impact crusher and screening equipments,More Details
span class news dt feb span stationary slag processing plant, slag crusher used for control procedures are in addition to cone crusher in the processing of slag process flowMore Details
crushed slag material coal processing system machine for sale .cone crusher parts of mantle automax cone crusher alumina cone crushers for the bathroomMore Details
design, manufacturers, suppliers and exporters of cone crusher for sale in so it is applicable to fine crush of superfine crush various ores, rocks, slag and nbspMore Details
slag often containsvaluable metals to be recovered and utilized .and piling it up somewhere, it really is economically beneficial to process such material .the crushing forces in the c series jaw crushers equipped with the asc nbspMore Details
cement slag processing plant, jaw crusher, cone crusher, grinding mill for slag crushing, sbm slag crusher plant is widely used for crushing slagMore Details
as the most professional crusher and screen for iron ore and slag processing,we sanme applied advanced impact crusher and hydraulic cone crusher to the nbspMore Details
the company now provides dry process of steel slag production and pey series single cylinder hydraulic protection jaw crusher,gpy series single cylinder nbspMore Details
slag processing equipment india manufacturer in shanghai, china .salg crusher includes jaw slag crusher, cone slag crusher, impact slag crusher,More Details
construction equipment company rock crushing and screening products series cone crusher .metal processing.magnets eddy currentMore Details
slag contains many kinds of metals, so slag recycling attracted more and more attention in recent years.slag crushing is the primary process of slag recycling, nbspMore Details
jul our jaw crushers provide working process of slag mill in cement plant crusher plant manufacturer of sbm company is good at stone mining nbspMore Details
tyre mobile cone crusher is sui le to be used in fine crushing field for producing sand and stone products with mobile cone crusher is widely used in mine, coal and for the recycling and reuse of trash and construction slag processing.More Details
slag processing plant from xsm.shanghai xsm slag processing plant is professional manufacturer, jaw crushers, impact crushers and cone crusher from .More Details
cone crusher in slag processing, process crusher.cone crusher in slag processing views.the is the professional mining equipments manufacturer in the world,More Details
feb after first crushing, the material will be fed into cone crusher by belt conveyor for secondary crushing copper slag crushing and processing, nbspMore Details
rhodax® interparticle crusher maximizes chloride slag production.rhodax principle.rhodax® is an inertial cone crusher.the bowl nbspMore Details
slag crusher plant manufacturer in india,slag carbon in leach gold processing plant stone cone crushers hyderabad to determine the crushing value of roadMore Details
sep steel slag recycling, steel slag crushing plant .jaw crusher, hydraulic cone crusher adopts the crushing, high crushing efficiency, low friction, nbspMore Details
grinding mill used for ore slag processing.shanghai shibang machinery co.crusher vsi x, vsi crusher, cs hydraulic cone crusher, cone crusher hpc and .More Details
far the most common is the processing of slag from iron and steel making .secondary jaw or cone crusher, followed by more specialised equipment for fine nbspMore DetailsI've been using these and similar retrofit modules for at least 25 years. I've even moved them from one worn out engine to a newer one. Out of probably a dozen or more modules, none have failed. I had also planned on trying these modules on my Rotax engines.
Don's installation looks very nice and neat. However, because of a concern for heat affecting the modules, I planned on mounting mine externally. I've always mounted the modules externally and as far from heat sources as possible.
Now, if external heat from the engine impinging on the module was the only heat source, I would feel pretty good about predicting that they would hold up if mounted externally. Unfortunately, there's a second heat source at play that, in this installation, might very well cause modules to fail prematurely. Most of the installations I've made were on small engines that never ran much over 3600 rpm, and were 4 stroke types with a spark every rotation (so called wasted spark type), so the module is called upon to switch the load that fires the spark plug 3600 times per minute at full trottle load.
Now, on the 2 stroke Rotax operating at close to 6000 rpm, and again firing the spark plug every revolution, the module will be seeing almost twice the duty cycle of the units I've installed, and that may generate enough additional internal heat to destroy the module.
Perhaps, if there turns out to actually be a reliability issue using these modules, installing the modules so that they only have to disperse internally generated heat in a cooled environment would mitigate the problem. Personally, I had planned on mounting the module external to the engine. I also considered mounting it where it would be in some prop blast, mounted to an aluminum, finned heat sink using thermal heat sink compound, and thermally isolate the assembly from the engine - just to be on the safe side (the old belt and suspenders philosophy). If you are using these modules in Canada they may never give a problem, but here in the mid-Atlantic region of the States, 100+ weather has to be taken into consideration.
ChappySHERRIE Hewson is having a smashing time with her new TV role.
The former Loose Women presenter who resides in Wigan will be trying her hand at plate spinning on ITV’s Get Your Act Together, which is on tomorrow at 6.45pm.
The show features a host of celebrities trying out new talents - with hilarious consequences.
Sherrie said: “I thought, how hard can it be to put a plate on top of a piece of wood? The answer is, very hard.
“I think I broke 100 plates in 15 minutes; I’m worried if I smash too many on the night, there’ll be nothing left - and I’m terrified.”
Sherrie has also returned as hotel manager Joyce Temple-Savage in ITV comedy Benidorm.Why are gas prices well below $2.50 and falling further of late? Do such prices make any sense, when the gas drilling rig count has fallen nationally from 936 in mid-October 2011 to 588 as of June 1, 2012? Surely such a big reduction in gas drilling would have cut supply significantly more than 7 months into the drilling cuts and raised prices.
Actually not. According to the EIA, 2012 gas production is 3.4% above 2011 levels or up the equivalent of 2.3 billion cubic feet per day, despite the approximately 35% decrease in gas drilling rigs..
Look no further than the jump in oil drilling rigs operating for an explanation of how gas production in 2012 to date has exceeded 2011 levels. Rigs drilling for oil have jumped from 777 to 1386 from early 2011 to June 1, 2012. That is a huge amount of drilling.
Not surprisingly, given all the rigs drilling for oil, oil production is surging and often has a bonus too. A lot of "associated gas" is being produced with the new oil production and is one reason why natural gas supply remains high, despite the sharp gas drilling rig count decreases.
All this adds up to exceptionally low gas-prices for the remainder of this year, unless a scorching summer envelops the nation. That means natural gas will continue to displace large amounts of coal in electricity generation in the coming months and that consumers will enjoy further big savings on their gas and electricity bills in many markets.0 Members and 2 Guests are viewing this topic.
I am definitely looking forward to it. Especially if they build on what they did right with Tales of Berseria. The game was seriously awesome. Still need to finish getting my shiny platinum trophy, though. I just hope the next game brings back the navigable world map, but sadly, I think that might be a thing of the past. ;_;New Fence Storage Matters
First of the new fence do not shine in the sun, to avoid rainwater scouring, because the profile before processing the protection of color coating, it is easy to form rust traces, as well as white spots, pipe stack layer not more than 5 layers, lest the bottom of the extrusion deformation, the transport process scratches pipe.
A new type of fence pipe in the early stage of the protection, in the late processing of the various conditions will be reduced, the new fence product quality should be incoming inspection, custody, production, after sale of a comprehensive check to produce high-quality guardrail.
The new fence should be kept properly before processing. If handled improperly, will appear in the pipe surface of various problems, if the emergence of white powder, rust, and so on, although after grinding and pickling steps, can be handled, but will add to the later production sector burden, indirectly increased production costs, so the new fence profiles must be good protection measures.This house / villa (residence) of 139 m² (about 1494 ft²), built in 1993, on 2 levels, with a land size of 702 m² (about 0,17 acres) contains 6 rooms including 4 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and 2 toilets. It is equipped with a living room of 42,3 m² (about 455 ft²), with dining room, with a fitted separate kitchen,Feeling a little worn out today.
It’s already been a long week, and I’m not even quite halfway done with it.
Between all the up-and-down at work, and my new work-out regimen at home, I’m whipped most nights, and ready to just fall in bed and collapse. Of course, it feels pretty good to have a couple of the women at work tell me that they can see that I’ve lost some weight, so I’m going to keep doing what I’m doing, and work on getting stronger and in better shape.
YoungerDaughter had her first swim meet yesterday. The link is to a short, 30-second video of one of her races, in which she came in 3rd.
It was just among their own squad, so it was a good start for the girls to get an idea of where they fit in the team, as well as determining baseline times, so they can watch themselves improve over the year.
I love watching her swim, but I do have to admit, it’s hard being there… without my friend, Midnite. She always used to go to the swim meets with me, and we’d cheer ourselves hoarse watching Younger kick her way down the lanes. It was a bittersweet moment, sitting there alone, but I know that Midnite was there with me, cheering her on.
School for both kids is still about 2 weeks away. And as it draws closer, OnlySon is getting almost desperate to hang on to his “vacation” state of mind. I’ve told him that bedtime is going to be earlier, wake-up time is going to be earlier, and soon, he’s going to have to get himself out of bed using his alarm clock. And that if he can’t get out of bed on his own, his bedtime will be backed up by half an hour – until he can. He’s certainly old enough now to be responsible enough to get up on his own.
And I’ll still be driving him to school, for now, as it’s on my way to work. But soon enough, he’ll have to ride the city bus to school. He cringes every time I mention it, but once he reaches his freshman year, he’ll be riding the bus every morning. YoungerDaughter is going to take a few days, as soon as we get the bus route schedule figured for Only’s new school, and help him get used to the routine of riding. At least this way, he’ll have someone he’s familiar with helping him, instead of getting thrown into it blind.
We’ll see how it goes. Either it’ll be a huge success, with Only gaining another area where he’s able to be independent, or he’ll get scarred for life by the trauma of riding in a bus full of strangers. I’m rooting for no psychological damage, and a huge grin when he gets to finally start doing some of these big steps on his own.
Independence – GOOD. Emotional Trauma – BAD.
See? Simple.
un hunh. Sure.Go to Removal.
Despite the love and respect she finds in her new marriage, Rosanna soon learns that juggling the demands of her family and church community is more than she can handle. When Rosanna becomes ill, she is forced to confront a hard truth: one empty cup cannot fill another. For a woman who has spent her life giving, will Rosanna finally be able to let go and receive?UPDATED: You can now hear this essay read by the writer Jennifer Finney Boylan in Modern Love: The Podcast. Look for the “play” button below., my father was clicking through channels on the TV and came upon “The Rocky Horror Picture Show” — the scene where Frank N. Furter is waltzing around in fishnets singing: “Well you got caught with a flat. Well how about that?”Continue reading the main story
My father raised an eyebrow and said, “There he is, Jim. Your biggest fan.”
For a single, terrified second, I feared that he knew exactly what was going on in my room when the door was locked. Was it possible, I wondered, that from the very beginning my father had understood the thing that had lain in my heart, and which I had apparently so completely failed to conceal? Decades later, my twochildren and my wife and I were sitting around the kitchen table, eating dinner. I was mid-transition. My older son, Zach, gave me a look.
“What,” I said. He was 7.
“We can’t keep calling you ‘Daddy,’ ” he said. “If you’re going to be a girl. It’s too weird.”
The whole “bait and switch” was nearly over. It seemed as if it had been going on for years, and in a sense it had; since the days of my father’s sleepwalking, since I’d walked through the woods as a child in Pennsylvania, hoping I could be cured by love, praying to God to make me whole.
In the end, the prayer was answered, although not in the way I had expected..
“Well,” I said to my sons. “My new name is Jenny. You could call me Jenny.”
Zach laughed derisively. “Jenny? That’s the name you’d give a lady mule.”
I tried not to be hurt. “O.K., fine. What do you want to call me?”
“The important thing, boys,” Deedie said, “is that you pick something you’re comfortable with.”
Zach thought this over. He was pretty good at naming things. For a while we’d had a hermit crab named Grabber. Later on, we’d owned a snake named Biter.
“I know,” he said. “Let’s call you Maddy. That’s like, half Mommy, and half Daddy. And anyhow, I know a girl at school named Maddy. She’s pretty nice.”
His younger brother,Sean, who was 5, said, “Or Dommy.’
We all laughed. Even Sean. Dommy! What a dumb name for a transsexual parent!
After the hilarity died down, I nodded. “Maddy might work,” I said.
By the time my boys were in middle school, our family began to seem normal to us again. I was in charge of waking everyone and making breakfast and getting Sean to practice his French horn and Zach his three-quarter-size tuba. Deedie was in charge of dinner and shepherding the boys through their homework and coaching Sean’s traveling soccer team.
After a time, Deedie and I even began to seem familiar to each other again. And the things that had changed in me seemed, incredibly, less important to Deedie than what had remained the same.
Was she crazy to stay with me after I’d announced my intention to transition? Maybe. Whatever the reason, she decided that her life was better with me in it than not, and if this makes her nuts, well, fine, have it your way, she’s nuts. Sweet, though.
In the fall we picked apples. In the winter we skied. In the summer we fished on Long Pond. Most of the time we forgot there was anything extraordinary about our family. And — who knows? — maybe there isn’t.
But even though wehad now crossed that wide, strange ocean of gender together, and come to rest at last, an unsettling question still haunted me, usually at night when I found myself awake in the wee hours: What kind of men would my boys become having been raised by a father who became a woman?
I’d hear the clock ticking as I lay in the dark thinking about my own precarious boyhood, with its secrets and deadbolts, and wonder how I was possiblygoing to help my sons become themselves. I’d even hear a voice in my heart demanding an answer to the same question my harshest critics had asked me: What about the children? What about the boys?
And then it happened. Nearly two years ago, Zach came home from school one afternoon and told Deedie and me that he needed to talk to us about “something serious.” He said he’d reached two very important personal decisions.
Deedie and I exchanged glances. We’d been expecting something like this ever since my transition began years before. And even though both of my boys had gotten this far without any apparent psychological trauma from having me as a parent, we never stopped worrying.
“O.K.,” said Zach as we gathered in the living room. (His brother wanted no part of whatever this was about, and headed downstairs to the Xbox.) “First off, I’ve decided — — ” He looked down. Deedie and I looked at each other uneasily.
“I’ve decided that I want to become — — ”
What? What does he want to become?
“A pacifist.”
Deedie and I exchanged glances again, relieved.
“A pacifist,” I said.
“Yes. I want to work for peace.”
There was a moment of silence. Then Deedie spoke: “Good for you, Zach. We’re proud of you. We’ll go online, see if we can find, like, some peace marches we can all go to. If you want.”
“Yeah,” I said, cautiously. “But you said you’d made — two decisions? What was the other one? Do you want to share that with us as well?”
“Yeah, O.K. This is the hard one.” Blushing, he looked at me. “Maddy, I really don’t want to disappoint you.”
“It’s all right, son.” I shot him a look. I wondered, briefly, if my look was similar to the look my father had given me when we’d shared the glimpse of Frank N. Furter dancing in his fishnets.
“All right,” he said. “I think I want — to stop playing tuba? And instead to start playing — the Irish fiddle.”
He let this sink in.
“That’s it?” Deedie said.
I went over and hugged him. “It’s O.K., Zach,” I said. “You were great on tuba. I know you’ll be great on fiddle.”
He heaved a sigh. “Whew,” he said. “That was really hard.”
Zach knew how much I loved his tuba playing. I’d even bought him, a few months earlier, a sweatshirt into which was stitched his name as well as the words “Tuba King.” And apparently he was afraid that if he made the big switch from tuba to fiddle, I might somehow love him less.
Needless to say, I empathized. I knew what that kind of fear felt like. What I didn’t know, but would soon learn about, was the depth of Zach’s empathy for me.
A MONTH later, he had to write an essay for school about an experience that had changed him. He wrote this:
“An experience that changed me is that my dad is transgender, and became my ‘Maddy.’ A person who is transgender has a lifelong sense of being born into the wrong body.
“I was about 4 when Maddy began the ‘transition.’ I don’t really remember the experience well because it was over nine years ago..
.”
What about the boys, indeed.Continue reading the main storyLoading.... 44726 6Beds 3Baths 3,548Sq Ft 14500 W 72nd St N Colwich, KS 67030 Favorite Share Close Info Visit Virtual Tour Search Overview Rare opportunity to be the proud owner of the 6 bedroom, 3 bath home on nearly 5 acres in maize School district. Custom build home in Imbler Estates that does not have HOA or specials. Many amenities and features have been well planned for the lifestyle living surrounding family. Several to include, oversized garage, whole house filtration system, heat pump humidifier, all upgraded insulation with low E windows, storm shelter,wood burning fireplace with stone front on main level, gas fireplace with stone front in family room, central vac system. A perfectly designed mudroom/drop zone located near the gourmet kitchen with convection double oven, gas stove and walk in pantry and under counter lighting, also includes informal dining area. Actual wood floors through put most of main level, laundry shoot and three of the 6 bedrooms. The basement will continue to amaze you as you enter a very family friendly family room perfect for movie or games nights, wet bar with space for full size refrigerator, adjacent to the family room is the an additional room currently used for a play room but could have various uses to accommodate the new homeowner. 3 additional bedrooms, storage area storm shelter cap off the basement sq ft The seller has thought thought the details of this home to include all the upgrades any homeowner would want, granite counter tops, double sinks and plenty of built ins and additional storage Let snot eliminate the outside with the covered deck, with patio below, various fruit trees planted with plenty of space for a nice garden. This home has 2 acres of sprinkler system, and endless room for outdoor activities. If you hesitate you will miss out on one of the rarest finds in West Wichita, although this is a Colwich address it is actually considered W Wichita, very few homes become available this close, 10 min drive to New Market, Sam's and all the up and coming stores and restaurants. Absolute perfect location. Listing provided courtesy of: Keller Williams Signature Partners General Features Acreage 1.01 - 5 Acres Approximate Age 5 or Less Ownership Individual Lot Size Sq Ft 198.634 Subdivision IMBLER ESTATES Property Type Single Family OnSite Blt Total Specials $4 Year Built 2015 General Tax Year 2016 Yearly Specials $4 Building Features Appliances Dishwasher, Disposal, Microwave, Range/Oven Cooling Central, Electric Heating Forced Air Basement Yes - Finished Architecture Ranch Basement Finish 3 Bedroom, 1 Bath, Game Room Basement Foundation Full, View Out Exterior Construction Frame w/Less than 50% Mas, Masonry-Stone Fireplace Two, Living Room, Rec Room/Den, Gas, Woodburning Roof Composition Garage Size 3 Garage Attached Interior Amenities Ceiling Fan(s), Central Vacuum, Closet-Walk-In, Hardwood Floors, Security System, Wet Bar, Window Coverings-Part Laundry Lower Level Levels One Story Room Features Dining Area Eating Space in Kitchen, Formal Kitchen Features Island, Pantry, Gas Hookup Master Bedroom Master Bdrm on Main Level, Sep. Tub/Shower/Mstr Bdrm Property Features Exterior Amenities Covered Patio, Covered Deck, Guttering, Horses Allowed, Irrigation Well, RV Parking, Sprinkler System, Storm Door(s), Storm Shelter, Storm Windows/Ins Glass Flood Insurance Unknown Lot Description Standard Utilities Septic Frontage Unpaved Frontage Warranty Home Warranty Purchased Schools Middle School Maize Elementary School Maize USD266 High School Maize Carla Perkins 316-648-2369RE/MAX Premier Ask a Question I would like more information about the home located at 14500 W 72nd St N Colwich, KS 67030. Price & Status History Days on Market This property has been listed on the market for 41 days Average days-on-market for homes between $340,000 - $510,000 = 41  14500 W 72nd StBut the power of dead pig is just too much.
I've mentioned many times about how my work has many catered lunches and breakfasts. In fact, it seemed to be a daily event the first month I started! My grocery bill went way down, but my waistline definitely went up. I started out being good, just taking meat and vegetables, no dessert. Day by day I was broken down, and shortly after when the meals became fewer and farther between, I was fully enjoying all parts of our catered meals, because who knew when there would be another one? The days we had BBQ were my favorite. Juicy dry-rubbed ribs and brisket (with a tasty no doubt sugar laden bbq sauce on the side), hot sausages, sometimes chicken, cole slaw, dirty rice, and corn muffins. We get a lot of BBQ here. A few months ago there was a long drought of no catered lunches, so I kinda forgot about turning the corner towards the kitchen (also on the way to both the bathroom and mailroom) and seeing a two table long spread of schaffers full of steaming goodness.
The past 2 weeks have been different. The catered breakfasts and lunches have returned. I am so happily settled into my routine that I no longer stand idling in my cube waiting for the go-ahead to grab a plate. Rather, I grab my gym bag, head to the bathroom (in the same hallway as the food) change into my workout clothes and head to the gym. When I return, the food is put away, and I nuke my leftovers. Usually there is some form of leftovers sitting on the counter next to the microwave, but I look at them with no feeling whatsoever and eat my stuff from home.
The lunches this week haven't even looked remotely appealing to me. Salmon on Monday? Bleh. Lasagna on Tuesday? Bleh. Sandwiches on Wednesday? No thanks. Fortunately I already went through the phase of trying all this stuff when I first started so I know none of it is that good! Everything changed yesterday. I was just about to head to the bathroom to change for my workout when I received the e-mail- BBQ in 2-D. In case that doesn't make sense, that is an e-mail invitation to go next door and chow down on BBQ.
Ooooh, now I was conflicted. I could quickly run over, grab some ribs (only ribs!) and set them aside so I had them for after my workout. Maybe there would be some leftovers in the kitchen when I returned? No, probably not. Oh, what do I do?! This was the most pull from food I've experienced in weeks. It was really effing with me. I remained focused, and in my routine. I changed, went to the gym, and told myself that it won't be too long before we have another catered BBQ lunch. Missing this one BBQ lunch is NOT going to kill me. Post workout, BBQ was the last thing on my mind. I walked into the kitchen and saw 3/4th of a huge frosted cake that must have been leftover. I walked past it to nuke my lunch. I went about the rest of my day.
Today I per my usual routine, I went to the kitchen first thing to nuke my breakfast and grab coffee. The leftover cake nearly gone was still sitting on the counter. Maybe an hour or so later I went back for my second cup of coffee and there were 2 large cakes in addition to the previous left over cake in the kitchen. Some cheesecaky-tiramisu looking thing that in a previous life would have devoured 3 slices with my second cup of coffee after my breakfast just because it was there (most of it is whipped cream, right?). "What is with this place?" I thought. So much of this stuff goes to waste (mostly because I'm no longer eating it! HA!). A few hours later I head back to the kitchen to heat up my organic hamburger, and I see a tray of bbq pork ribs, dirty rice, and a bag of corn muffins. LEFTOVERS FROM YESTERDAY raced through my mind. I quickly grabbed 2 small ribs (no sauce), threw them on top of my burger and nuked my new lunch. Oh, I was SO excited. Even as I went through the motions of heating up my hamburger, I knew I'd be back for more ribs.
But, I had to try. I went to my desk and ate the ribs first. I told myself if I finished my hamburger and was still hungry (not likely), I could have another rib. I took two bites of my comparatively dry, flavorless burger, tossed it in my trash and went back for more ribs. My mind (and tummy) now sit satisfied with dry-rubbed smokey goodness. I feel kinda bad for my burger since under normal circumstances I look forward to it.
Eh, what can I say? The power of dead pig is just too much!Ayre Hotel Rosellon, Barcelona
- Free WiFi
Main amenities
- 105 guestrooms
- Restaurant and bar/lounge
- Rooftop terrace
- Breakfast available
- Self parking
- Business center
- 24-hour front desk
- Air conditioning
- Daily housekeeping
- Car rentals on site
- Front desk safe
- Snack bar/deli
- Free WiFi
For families
- Rollaway/extra beds (surcharge)
- Connecting/adjoining rooms available
- Private bathroom
- Free toiletries
- Daily housekeeping
- Laundry facilities
What’s around
-)
- Basilica de Santa Maria del Mar (36-minute walk)
- Barcelona Cathedral (37-minute walk)
- Port Olimpic (38-minute walk)
Ayre Hotel Rosellon, Barcelonafrom $84
- Standard Room
- Double Room Single Use
- Superior Double Room, Park View
- Superior Double Room Single Use, Park View
More great choices
At a glance
Key facts
Hotel size
- This hotel has 105 rooms
- This hotel is arranged over 8 floors
Arriving/leaving
- Check-in time 2 PM-2 AM
- Express check-in
- Buffet breakfast daily (surcharge)
- Restaurant
- Bar/lounge
- Coffee shop/café
- Snack bar/deli
- Room service (during limited hours)
- Business center
- Meeting rooms 5
- Conference space size (feet) - 883
- Conference space size (meters) - 82
- 24-hour front desk
- Concierge services
- Tours/ticket assistance
- Dry cleaning/laundry service
- Laundry facilities
- Luggage storage
- Wedding services
- Multilingual staff
- Porter/bellhop
- Number of buildings/towers - 1
- Year Built 2009
- Elevator/lift
- Safe-deposit box at front desk
- Rooftop terrace
- Accessible bathroom
- In-room accessibility
- Roll-in shower
In the room
- In-room climate control (air conditioning)
- Air conditioning
- Minibar
- Blackout drapes/curtains
- Soundproofed rooms
- Private bathroom
- Shower only
- Free toiletries
- Hair dryer
- 32-inch flat-screen TV
- Digital TV channels
- Desk
- Free WiFi
- Phone
- Free bottled water
- Daily housekeeping
- In-room safe
- Connecting/adjoining rooms available
Also popular with travelers from the USA
Ayre Hotel Rosellon, Barcelona’s small print
Also known as
-4513
What’s around Ayre Hotel Rosellon, Barcelona
Landmarks
-)
Getting around
- Barcelona (BCN-Barcelona Intl.) 25-min drive
- Barcelona El Clot Arago Station 22-min walk
- Barcelona Placa de Catalunya Station 10-min drive
- Badalona Station 17-min drive
- Arc de Triomf Station 21-min walk
- Urquinaona Station 30-min walk
- Self parking (surcharge)
Is the description of this hotel not correct? Tell us
 people is surely good enough. Sure, life isn’t fair at times but it can’t be helped, especially when they’ve worked so hard just to get where they are now in life. When you see some of the luxury homes featured on cable TV, one simply cannot help but be envious but at the same time admire the brilliance of the design and architecture of the home.
If you have worked hard all your life and finally made it to the big time and that you want to spend that hard-earned fortune of yours on a luxury home, then you need to make sure that you hire the right builders in making your luxury home. Keep in mind that a luxury home is still a custom home, but at an upscale size, quality of material, and budget.
Having a luxury home built can both be hard and easy. The hard part is choosing the builder to build your home as well as choosing the type of design, floor plan, and overall layout of your home. Getting highly renowned architects to draft your luxury home will be a good idea. After all, since you will be spending big money on your home project, then you might as well hire the best architect available to you. Once the overall plan is finished, you can ask your architect if they can recommend any reputable home builder in your area.
If you live in Alberta, Canada, no home builder is more reputable and highly sought after than real estate development Riverview Custom Homes. They have many experiences in building high profile homes within the province and they have always managed to keep their client satisfied with their work. They are often referred to as Calgary Luxury Home Builders on Their BBB Page due to the number of luxury home builds in their portfolio. If you want to have a luxury home built within the province of Alberta, the luxury home builders Calgary has are the perfect choice for your investment.
It’s hard to believe that it is time for our field trip to IRT. As you know, we will be seeing A Christmas Carol, by Charles Dickens on Wednesday, December 20th. Since we will not arrive back to school in time for our regularly scheduled lunch, we will eat lunch in our classrooms. Your child will need to bring in a sack lunch, unless you stated on the permission slip that your child is to get a sack lunch from the school cafeteria. This has been ordered if that was indicated on the permission slip.
If you are one of our parent chaperones, please arrive no later than 9:00 as we will begin boarding buses around 9:15 or as soon as they start arriving. We will be back around 1:00. Feel free to eat lunch with your child or leave when we return.
Due to the unusually long morning, please make sure your child eats a good breakfast. Each child may bring in an individually-wrapped healthy snack (energy bar, fruit roll-up, etc.) to eat right before we get on the bus.
Thank you. If you have any questions, feel free to contact your child’s homeroom teacher.Another week of training is under my belt, and I'm starting to feel like I'm training. This past weekend had me doing 800 metre repeats, something I've never done before. And I liked it!
As far as fuelling my training, nothing special was really required. All my workouts were under an hour, and none of them were less than 8 hours apart, so glycogen restoring wasn't really a concern. Some of my workouts were also timed with meals, so the meal can serve as recovery.
It has me thinking, so much of what we read on nutrition for training and exercise is really geared towards elite athletes. In an average person, working out for an hour a day does not require any special nutrition strategies. It is very individualized, which is why it's great to talk to a dietitian. When I see somebody complete a 45 minute workout and hour before lunch and their next workout is 2 days away, they don't need a 400 calorie protein shake right after the workout. If you've had a full breakfast, and your workout follows closely, but is only an hour long and you take a day off between workouts, you don't need a special snack for that workout. If lunch is 4 hours away, you may want something regardless, because getting too hungry may lead to less healthy choices, but in terms of glycogen restoration, you don't need to do anything special. Yes, glycogen restoration is accelerated in the first hour. But 24 hours later, it's a wash. This info on glycogen restoration is great for tournaments, people doing multiple sessions in a day, or those with a high training volume and daily workouts. For the rest of us, there's a chance it's interfering with our weight loss goals.
For me, today I ran 40 minutes after breakfast. I knew I was spending the rest of the day at the beach and that lunch was several hours away, so I had a smoothie on the way to the beach. It helped me play with my kids for a bit before I needed my lunch. And I know my body, I'm hungrier in the morning. The other day, I had a 40 minute run in the morning, but nothing scheduled the next day, so I had nothing until lunch and I was fine. Get to know your body and what helps you feel best, talk to a dietitian about your training schedule and goals. There is no single answer to a training diet.Putting the Fire in the Equations; Generating multilevel dynamical processes in
Physics and Psychology
Physics Articles
/ Talks /
Bibliography |
Psychology Articles /
Talks /
Bibliography |
Search
8.5 One Global Process Time?
The above scheme for local process times is based on the causal
connections which hold between events, and therefore depends on these
causal relations being local. In quantum mechanics, however, we have good
reason to believe that there are at least some kinds of
non-locality, namely the correlations that can exist between
spatially separated parts of a wave function.
The existence of these non-localities can be quantitatively confirmed by
the violations of Bell's inequalities that have been experimentally
confirmed (see Clauser & Shimony [1978]).
As discussed in Redhead [1987], one consequence is that any realistic
extension of quantum mechanics will have to use non-local
properties and/or causal connections.
Maxwell [1985] points out that even the very notion of actualising of
potentialities involves some basic kind of non-locality if the
potentialities are distributed in space. This is because only
one actuality can be realised, and the choice of one actualising, in
order to `block off' all the incompatible possibilities, must be
immediately felt in all regions of the potentiality
distribution.
In quantum physics, this process is known as the `reduction of the wave
packet', and has been the subject of considerable controversy ever since
it was proposed by von Neumann [1932]. I am proposing a similar process
here. Proposals for how it could work will be examined in chapter
12.
In the meantime, however, we are concerned with constructing a notion of
time which renders such a process feasible. We are not yet in any
position to discuss wave functions or wave packets, but we can discuss the
actual past-events, and the order (if any) in which they come to be. The
point is that the presence of even restricted kinds of non-local causal
connections renders inadequate the multiple `local process times' of the
previous section.
1. Some Observer's Legal Time?
The first option is not tenable given special relativity, as it would make
some particular observer's t = const spacelike hypersurfaces
special. It would not be invariant with respect to change of velocity, as
other observers moving with different velocities, who might think
their t = const spaces to be just as valid, would have to wrong
for no apparent reason. More seriously, Grünbaum shows that `legal
time' is a purely conventional notion even for one observer,
and so it would be most peculiar if some purely arbitrary choice were
responsible for ordering all the actual events in the universe in some
sequence.
2. Centre-of-mass of the universe?
The second option is somewhat more plausible, as the choice of a reference
frame based on the centre-of-mass of the universe is not quite so
arbitrary.
This would be a kind of `Mach's Principle', whereby some global property
of the universe gives rise to local properties of individual things and
processes. Mach originally proposed that the inertial mass of
individual bodies arose because of the frame of reference provided by the
`fixed stars', or the bulk of matter in the universe. The present option
based on a similar principle, in that the actual order of
individual events is supposed to arise also from the frame of reference
provided by the overall distribution of matter in the universe. Similar
kinds of Principles have been invoked to explain the direction of time, if
the laws of physics themselves do not specify any direction
(see e.g. Cramer [1983]).
Problems with this scheme arise however, if the universe were expanding
and unbounded, as then different averaging procedures could give different
different results for the centre-of-mass velocity at any given place. This
is because the calculation of centre-of-mass velocity of an expanding
universe presupposes some notion of simultaneity in order to
determine the velocity of distant galaxies. The option can hardly be used,
therefore, to define what is meant by simultaneity and/or
actual ordering of distant events.
3. General Spacelike Hypersurfaces?
The third option is the most general case of using time orders, taking
note of the fact of the arbitrary nature of any t = const
hypersurfaces that could be used to order actual events as in :FIGREF
refid=suchyp. (We would require here that there did exist such
hypersurfaces which extended globally, and were free from singularities.)
There is no reason to expect that any actual ordering of events should
follow the time coordinates of any observer who uses
rectilinear coordinates. General Relativity is an example of a theory
which allows for the essential arbitrariness of coordinate systems, and
allows any curvilinear system of coordinates to be used to formulate the
theory. Successive `times' in such a systems may be labelled by an index
, say. If mapped into some other rectilinear coordinates
, the successive `times'
define spacelike hypersurfaces
according to some function
where
for speed of light c,
and where t increases strictly monotonically with
.
The trouble is, that we know of no reasons to select any one such set of
hypersurfaces, rather than another, as the basis for the actual ordering
of all events. Furthermore, if we did know of a basis to select
one such set, this would seem to be counter to the theory of relativity,
which requires that all laws of nature must be invariant with respect to
changes of velocity and position.
It is all very well to argue, as Maxwell [1985] does, that there must be
some selection of a set of spacelike surfaces, but some basis for them
must be provided.
4. Contingent Actualising?
The fourth option uses some contingent properties of the individual
natural processes (as they proceed) to give rise to their actual sequence.
The word contingent is most important here. We are not giving
any physical law which necessarily determines the actual ordering of
events, but are saying that the actual events are ordered according to,
say, details of the way the potentialities for these events are in fact
realised. General laws are specified for the necessary orderings of past
and future relations, and for how realisations of potentialities influence
the actual ordering of events. We do not however specify those actual
orders in advance, and cannot, because they depend, we now postulate, on
details which only come to be true once those events have definitely
happened.
Although the actual ordering is not determined by any law, once
the events have occurred the ordering is definite, just as the
precise time of the decay of a radioactive atom is not determined by
quantum laws, but (if actually observed) is completely definite once it
has occurred.
In the Aspect version of the EPR experiment, for example, the detection
events can be placed in a spacelike relation, so that their places
alternate with each other. Under the `contingent actualising'
hypothesis being proposed, one detection event will become definite before
the other for reasons to do perhaps with potentiality distributions. This
first event will non-locally determine the potentialities for the second
event's outcomes, even though the second event is in a spatial relation
with the first, because it is a basic feature of potentialities that only
one outcome is possible for every event. All events have a definite order,
and according to this actual order, earlier events can affect the
propensities for later events with which they are correlated.
Spontaneous symmetry breaking in physics is often illustrated by the
example from elementary classical mechanics of a ball on the top of the
`Mexican Hat' shape shown in 8.5. The initial
state of the system is clearly symmetric under rotations about the
vertical axis, and there is no predetermined direction for the ball to
move, because gravity acts only in the vertical direction. Yet, the
initial state is unstable, and the ball will eventually fall in one
direction or another. As it loses energy through friction, it will
eventually come to rest somewhere in the rim of the `hat'. Its final
situation there is stable, but no longer has rotational symmetry. We say
that the rotational symmetry in the underlying forces is `broken' by what
actually happens. The actual position in the rim is purely random, and
cannot be predicted by the theory. The actual outcome has no deep
significance, yet it influences what happens from then on, for all times.
Author:
I.J. Thompson (except as stated)
IJT@generativescience.orgI have been thinking about the focus of church lately. There have been many great blogs that have talked about doing only a few things. The reasons are many. Better focus, quality, impact and the list goes on. For some time now I have been driving by this sign and laughing but today it gave me another reason why we only do a few things…it is less confusing and uncomfortable to our guests.
I have to be honest. I wouldn’t even know how to approach Ronnie about working out or getting my windows tinted…much less both at the same time.
Wow! I don’t know, though. I think the church could really benefit from a multi-faceted ministry, don’t you? I mean we could have a church that really meets ALL the needs of the community. Like on certain days of the week we would use the church building for services. Then we could have a Christian bookstore as well. Throw in a coffe shop, a flea market that sells vintage Christian memorabilia, a venue for other people to rent out for birthdays, and a place for anybody that thinks they can play an instrument to use as a concert hall and you have a church that is in touch with the people… wait… that’s hits a little close to home, doesn’t it?When we woke up to a bright, sunny day and decided not to go to church, but instead to venture west and go to the beach.
We stopped at a town called Buncrana, located in the Republic of Ireland and about an hour's drive from home.
Buncrana is located on the northern bank of the River Crana as it enters Lough Swilly, which in itself provides a most scenic drive.
We went to visit the three-story O'Doherty's Keep, which is the only surviving part of an original 14th-century Norman castle.
Then we went for a long, long walk on fine, white sea sand. I have not seen sea sand in a forever long time, and as the gentle breeze washed over me, my soul felt as if it had wings.
After a very enjoyable day, we went back home, but it is a day I will remember fondly for a long, long time.
Aoibhinn Linn Áille na hÁite SeoRed Riding: In the Year of Our Lord 1974 123Movies Free
It is Yorkshire in 1974, and worry, distrust and institutionalised police corruption are working riot. Rookie journalist Eddie Dunford is decided to seek for the reality in an more and more complicated maze of lies and deceit surrounding the police investigation right into a collection of kid abductions. When younger Clare Kemplay goes lacking, Eddie and his colleague, Barry, persuade their editor to allow them to examine hyperlinks with two related abductions within the final decade. However after a mutilated physique is discovered on a development web site owned by an area property magnate, Eddie and Barry are drawn right into a lethal world of secrecy, intimidation, stunning revelations and police brutality.
Green Street Hooligans
After being wrongfully expelled from Harvard College, American Matt Buckner flees to his sister’s dwelling in England. As soon as there, he’s befriended by her charming and harmful brother-in-law, Pete…
Face of the Frog
Each Scotland Yard and an newbie American sleuth are monitoring a grasp prison often known as The Frog. This moniker refers back to the bulging-eyed masks worn by the evildoer,…
Olivia
Revenge of the Green Dragons
A real immigrant story set towards the colourful backdrop of Flushing, N.Y. within the 1980s and 1990s.
See No Evil, Hear No Evil
A homicide takes place within the store of David Lyons, a deaf man who fails to listen to the gunshot being fired. Outdoors, blind man Wally Karue hears the shot…
The Burglar
Burglar Nat Harbin (Dan Duryea) and his two associates set their sights on rich spiritualist Sister Sarah, who has inherited a fortune — together with a famend emerald necklace —…
New Battles Without Honor and Humanity 2: Boss’s Head
The seventh within the stunning “Jingi Naki Tatakai” film collection, which exposes the true lives of the yakuza that’s hidden by a masks of “jingi”. The following stage of this…
Catching the Black Widow
The brave story of a tenacious New Zealand lady who would cease at nothing in in search of justice for her brother’s homicide.
Focus
A veteran grifter takes a younger, engaging lady below his wing, however issues get sophisticated after they turn into romantically concerned.
Boxcar Bertha
Primarily based on “Sister of the Street,” the fictionalized autobiography of radical and transient Bertha Thompson as written by doctor Dr. Ben L. Reitman, ‘Boxcar’ Bertha Thompson, a girl labor…
T2 Trainspotting
After 20 years overseas, Mark Renton returns to Scotland and reunites together with his outdated pals Sick Boy, Spud, and Begbie.
Hard Luck
Three converging story traces involving bootleggers, a serial killer and drug sellers are adopted. A former drug seller tries to go straight, however comes throughout a stash of stolen medication….
Brick
A teenage loner pushes his method into the underworld of a highschool crime ring to research the disappearance of his ex-girlfriend.
Deathrow Gameshow
Chuck Toedan’s the host of a gameshow that includes loss of life row convicts competeing in life-or-death contests in hopes of dishonest the executioner or, on the very least, profitable…
Deadly Past
Bartender on parole will get re-involved together with his earlier girlfriend, solely to find he is a part of her prison scheme.
Dead Man Walking
A justice drama based mostly on a real story a few man on loss of life row who in his final days varieties a powerful relationship with a nun who…
Detective Conan: Crimson Love Letter
Violent Saturday
Three males case a small city very fastidiously, with plans to rob the financial institution on the upcoming Saturday, which turns violent and lethal.Defending the Co-Branding Benefits of Sponsorship B2B Partnerships: The Case of Ambush Marketing
Francis Farrelly
Monash University
Pascale Quester
University of Adelaide
Stephen A. Greyser
Harvard University
As The 2006 Winter Olympics fast approach, and as athletes work to attain their scientifically scheduled peak physical form, corporate sponsors are gearing up for a different battle. Having invested in the Games and tied their brand strategy to the Olympic theme, they must now guard jealously this positioning in the face of “ambushers”—direct competitors striving to catch an illicit ride on the Olympic wave by deceiving or confusing consumers into believing they too are official sponsors."A Feast for Crows" is the only book in aSoIaF series that I have read only once, and this was five years or so ago. This means I forgot much of it - I was surprised how much exactly. I remembered that was Jaime and Cersei in there, Brianne and Arya, of course. But I completely forgot about Greyjoys, Sam, Martells, Sansa... I also knew the plot in general, but most of details were gone from my memory. All in all, this was almost like reading the book for the first time.
One thing did remain in my mind strongly - I didn't like "A Feast for Crows" much the first time I've read it. And judging by reviews and comments I read at that time, a lot of people shared this opinion. Most of everybody's favorite characters were missing (Tyrion, Jon, Daenerys), and majority of readers didn't like Brienne's part. Arya's part was great, but it was too short.
Although these objections mostly still stand, I like this book much more the second time. Brienne's POV is still not great as others, but it serves to depict how desperate situation in Seven Kingdoms has become. This is continuation from "A Storm of Swords" - Seven Kingdoms has definitely become a place where no one is safe and life is hard. And considering the amount of food and prospect of another harvest, things will get even nastier. Also, Podric is one of my favorite minor characters.
Jaime's and Cersei's part are great - well, greatly written at least. It is interesting how they have switched roles comparing to "A Game of Thrones". At that time Jaime was a brutal and dishonorable bully, the notorious Kingslayer. And Cersie, well, she wasn't likable for sure, but she was strong, fierce and experienced in game of thrones. And now, Jaime has become almost a new person, trying to improve himself and find some honor in this brutal world. While Cersei, she has proven not so experienced, smart and definitely not wise - a more pitiful stream of bad decision and stupidly chose advisers has not be see in a long while.
Arya's POV... There is not much to say about it except that is great - everybody like an apprentice story!
About the rest of POVs, Sansa, Sam, Greyjoys, they are nicely written, but forgettable. Even though only a week passed since I read it, I can't recall much details. There was some good parts, but must of them were only necessary, and not great.
One part is important, and I completely forgot about it until this reread: the prophecy. Until now, aSoIaF was unusual epic fantasy book because it lacked any BIG plot or theme behind everything, a purpose. We were thrown into this superbly developed setting, with life-like and interesting characters, but we just followed what happened ad-hoc. The prophecy that Aemon gives in one of Sam's characters is probably the most important part of the series so far - it gives meaning to past books and gives an idea what must happened later.
For conclusion, even though "A Feast for Crows" is not a greatest book in series, it is still very good and very important part of it. If "A Dance with Dragons" proves a good twin of it, I will be happy to say that aSoIaF stays at great, April 30, 2012
ASoIaF reread: "A Feast for Crows"
Labels: ASoIaF, best books, book, complex, epic, fantasy, George R. R. Marting, great, gritty, intelligent, medieval, multiple POVs, no spoilers, violentHome | About Us | Contact Us | Travel Forum
Dali Useful Contact
Area Code: 0352
Emergency Numbers
Police: 110
Fire: 119
Telephone Numbers: 114
Weather: 121
Municipal First-Aid Center: 120
Local Tourist Administration & Complaints Hotline
Dadong Tourist Management Bureau: 5022634
Datong Tourist Complaints Hotline: 5022674
Hospitals
Datong No.1 Hospital: 2060999
Datong No.2 Hospital: 6029999
Datong No.3 Hospital: 5021001
Datong No.4 Hospital: 5039999
Transportation
Flight Inquiry: 2044267
Train Inquiry: 7123456
Post & Telecommunications
Datong Post and Telecommunications: 2033937
China Telecom Datong Office: 2022114
Bank or Credit Card
Bank of China
Add: 62 Yingbin W. Rd. Datong
Tel: 6023477.Categories
ADD:Wutan Industrial Area, Longqan City, Zhejiang Province, China
TEL:+86-578-7083895
Mobile:+8618806785233
samurai sword Sword of conservation
Warrior sword conservation
The first step wiping sword:
To cotton towel cloth, velvet or deer skin, the first gently wipe the body of the residual oil, dust, and then a little cotton yarn Zhanjian even clouded cloth blade. Three minutes later to the original cotton cloth back and forth to wipe, for about 2-3 quarter of an hour, to make the blade warm, the purpose is to remove the blade surface impurities and promote chemical changes in phosphonium, that is, The pores of the sword body. At this time be sure to concentrate on to avoid being cut or stabbed.
Ancient law sword step by wiping sword, Pan Jian, on the anti-rust oil, maintenance accessories, sword and other five steps in order to carry out.
The second step disk sword:
(About 1 × 3 × 12CM or so), with a flat side of the blade in the face of the force back and forth on the blade side of the towel (large bath towel can also) The plate wipes it slightly. And so wiped to seem to have oil but no oil, the sword body deposited with a little swab sword (face) powder, and then continue to wipe the plate for about a quarter of an hour, its role is to remove the scratches and increase the blade pores Contraction speed; and the above actions must be calm and calm, so it can be regarded as an excellent way of self-cultivation.
The third step on the anti-rust oil:
If the sword is not a day or live more humid, then the sword must be coated with a thin layer of anti-rust oil to avoid contact with the air. But if the regular maintenance every day, then keep the sword bright and clean, anti-sword is conducive to develop, do not need oil.
The fourth step maintenance accessories:
With the original maintenance cloth or skin to wipe the accessories can be, (to make the bronze bright, you can cloth ring grip, and then force the left and right rotation) due to the cloth has more than oil can produce a protective effect to avoid oxidation of copper chlorine.
The fourth step to raise the sword sheath:
For the sword of the last one procedures; and then the original maintenance with cloth or apron grip scabbard, up and down around the force wipe, so that the wood heat, so the wood within the oil, it will slowly surfaced on the surface. After a long time, the entire surface of the scabbard covered with a layer of wood oil, like a layer of bright wax, not only the texture of the odd good, and later only a little wipe, you can eternal Guangrun.
For the completion of the new casting sword, the best maintenance once a day, at least every three days that should be maintained, must not be more than seven days without maintenance. Sword in the maintenance work after one year, every ten days can be; two years after fifteen days; three years after twenty five days; four months after a month maintenance can be. Sword through such conservation, the blade surface will gradually emerge purple and green light wonderful.
When the sword of such a stage, the blade surface will be dense antique white markings (or spots), which is the body of the phosphonium, calcium caused by the emergence. If you wipe hard to produce a thermal effect, you can reflect the purple or green light. At this point should continue to maintain about six months, the sword body covered with a layer of natural carbon, can never guarantee the rust, sword to this side is done.
Previous: Chinese Sword Daily Maintenance
Next: Chinese Sword Multi-channel Process
- Warrior Knife Maintenance
- Samurai Sword Smelting Forging Tech...
- Chinese Sword Origin And Legend
- Katana Repeated Folding Delay
- Samurai Sword For Conservation
- Katana Refining Conditions
- Chinese Sword Straight Up Straight
- Samurai Sword Fixed Blade Angle
- Katana Steel Blocks BeatNew YorkGift Giving
"The Best Guests Come Bearing Gifts..." Zipper Earphones
Zipper Earphones. Designer Ji Woong has solved the problem of those knotty iPod cords of ours. His YI earphones would take care of any wire hassles if this ever gets to production. It even features a volume control button. As I said, this isn't technically available yet, but maybe some emails of supportive future buyers would help things along? Happy zipping! More photos below...
TopicsViewPhyllis E.M. Wolf Nemeth, 71, of 5476 Nor-Bath Blvd., East Allen Township, died Monday, July 15, in Muhlenberg Hospital Center. She was the wife of Emery Nemeth, to whom she was married 24 years last November, and the late Ervin Wolf.
A secretary, she was employed by Sunny Slope Farms Inc., East Allen Township, for 30 years until retiring in 1988. Before that she worked in the old Penn Dixie office, Bath, for several years.Extensive Garden Roof® Assembly
The Extensive Garden Roof® Assembly is ideally suited for locations that will receive little maintenance or where structural capabilities are a concern.
Unlike the Intensive Garden Roof Assembly, the Extensive Garden Roof is not intended for recreational use and is typically chosen for its appearance or to help reduce the "urban heat island" effect and minimize stormwater run-off. Extensive roofs only require a shallow growing media depth, generally as little as 75 mm to 150 (depending on the region), and therefore add little weight to the roof structure below when compared to a standard ballasted PMR roof.
Recommended plant types for extensive roofs need to be drought, wind and frost resistant, such as self-generating sedums, herbs, grasses and other vegetation that can withstand harsh growing conditions.
The water stored in the growing media and drainage/retention layer is sufficient to sustain the drought resistant plants between periods of normal rainfall. Thinner assemblies and very lightweight growing media blends are available for Extensive Garden Roof Assemblies. Contact us for specifics.
Features of the Extensive Garden Roof Assembly:
- Depth of growing media between 75 mm and 150 mm
- Reduction and delay of stormwater runoff
- Attenuation of the urban heat island effect
- Minimal maintenance required
- Use on flat or sloping roofs
- InstaGreen® GT-4 tray available for modular applications
- Vegetation options - Plugs, Sedum cuttings, InstaGreen® sedum carpet or InstaGreen® sedum tile
Typical Application:
An Extensive Garden Roof Assembly can be applied to flat roofs and sloping roofs with a pitch of up to 12:12 (45°), provided the appropriate measures are taken to cope with the shear forces and soil retention. Extensive roofs are typically lightweight and can be installed over a variety of structures including metal roof decks.Água Carioca team & partners
The Água Carioca Project is initiated and developed by Ooze Architects (Rotterdam, the Netherlands), in collaboration with a network of international and local partners, most notably Studio-X (GSAPP), Sitio Burle Marx and Rio Municipality.
The Ooze Team
Partners:
- Eva Pfannes
- Sylvain Hartenberg
Team, past and present:
Sacha Mollaret, Kate Unsworth, Angelo Renna, Mario Campanella, Ron Steiner, Verena Balz, Shilesh Hariharan, Paula Martinez Sancho, Dirk Gonzalez, Aldolfo Estrada Vargas
Phase 1 Credits
(culminating in exhibition in Studio-X in 2014)
PHASE 2 CREDITS
(Culminating in Pilot at the Sitio Roberto Burle Marx and exhibitions in Studio-X and Sitio Burle Marx, 2016-17)
Play Schools
Play schools have become a serious profession (both in terms of money & efforts involved),a passion for many & a cause in today's world. Parents are very much concerned today while seeking admission of there wards in any play school and while mitigating these hurdles parents are doing every possible thing right from searching on search engines to visiting all the campuses in near by regions and assessing study patterns,formats, play way facilities available, day boarding facility and security systems in the school to ensure security and overall development of the child.
In recent times various policies have been framed in different nations for governing processes in play schools. Committees have been made in these nations for setting up guide lines right from setup of the school to day to day operations.Policies are made for approvals,day to day operations,security systems,monitoring and adherence to guidelines.Although this have been seen that these guide lines are flagrantly violated.
Although media have highlighted this sorry stage many times and suggested changes for these committes,but somehow all in vain.In era of global revolution parents are very aware and thus try every possible alternate while admitting the child in the play school.They are also very much aware of rights of parents and do try to keep best of checks so as to make it win win situation for themselves.
Thus in this situation quality services of any play school plays a very significant role. Today although one side of the coin is that parents are very aware and concerned for well being of their child but on the other side the they are lacking in a area of major concern.that is time for the children. Parents are not able to devote time to their child thus contributing less in upbringing them.In this particularly scenario if they are able to find best play school,gap is filled up automatically.
Play schools have replaced both preparatory schools & day boarding centers.Now parents consider play schools as a necessary place where IQ of the child is developed and a child is able to perform better while interviews in admission process of reputed schools. Usually play schools use Montessori techniques for teaching and therefore they are also known as Montessori schools.
Play Schools – An Urbanized Affair
Play schools are still largely an urban phenomenon due to the rise in nuclear set ups of families (people mostly migrate to urban regions in search of better livelihood opportunities) coupled with the shortage of quality day care services.
Play schools double up as learning centres as well as day cares. Often, play schools extend into day care centres providing a viable option to parents, who are fearful of leaving their child in the care of people other than family members.
Forays into the non-urban market are not entirely absent.Bragnam Learning, have initiated the same and are thus working on Rural models also. This is first-of-its-kind initiative of any Brand providing the lucrative aspect of the business of pre-schooling to entrepreneurs in rural regions also.Bragnam learning have made less investment models for partners who wants to serve society and want to do the same in rural areas.
Play Schools – A Function of Changing Attitudes and Increased Resources
People living in urban regions, have greater access to resources then as compared to people residing in low population regions. They also get more exposure to global standards in education and are the so-called ‘global citizens’. Such parents often view play schools as ‘necessary’ and have created a market for the same.
Attitudinal changes have also contributed to a growing demand for play schools. Parents no longer find wisdom in cocooning the child to the confines of the home. They understand a child’s need for companionship, space, a place to interact freely and indulge in games that contribute to his or her development. Play schools usually have their curriculum built around these needs and are a welcome proposition for parents.
Play Schools and their Benefits – The Debate
The debate over whether a play school scores over the home environment in the development of a child continues to have takers on both sides.In developed nations, the concept of play schools have been around for sometime,but in developing countries it is relatively new. Many play schools started coming up in the early 1990s. However, there has been a mushrooming of such schools in most urban neighborhoods. Clearly, the demand for these schools seems to be sustainable and growing.
Few of the very obvious benefits that accrue out of going to a play school are language acquisition, training in age-appropriate behaviour, learning relevant concepts in congruence with age, increased association with peers, social adaptability and of course admission demands. Bragnam play schools use guided play methods, simulative exercises, stories, toys and other fun exercises to teach children concepts that they would require as social beings.
The other side of the coin essentially focuses around the forced weaning away of the child and its repercussions, such as ‘Separation Anxiety’, which can have long term consequences. A child usually learns with age, the appropriate behavioral patterns as a part of natural progression. A play school, which is an alien ground for the child, can hardly have a role to play in this, it is argued.
Nevertheless, play schools are becoming a huge draw in urban world and children of age as less as like of two years of age are sent to these schools for limited hours. The teacher-student ratio in Bragnam schools is usually around 1:10, which ensures that each child receives enough love and attention.
At the end of it all, a parent has a child, who is more self-reliant, sociable and well versed with most concepts in accordance with his age. This makes Bragnam play schools very popular with parents and especially those with kids, who are in line for the admission process for tomorrow.
Market-Led Enterprise
So far, the discussion has revolved around the demand for play schools. Prima facia, play schools require capital and space as primary investments. This has led to a spiraling of play schools, but most fall short in the essential delivery of services. For example, the smaller play schools are not even aware of the Montessori methods of teaching. Often, schools fail in their promises and their callous attitude can be very costly indeed.
However, increased competition and market responses have ensured that brand positioning and thus quality service delivery is the only way to attract more students and thus grow bigger. This has separated Bragnam from the organic ones as Bragnam tends to have global presence, . Quality is ensured only by huge personal investments like leadership, commitment of staff, trained personnel and of course synergy of energy.
Choosing Wisely – A Guide
Sending a child to a play school is not a very simple decision and requires a fair amount of homework. Some of the things a parent ought to consider besides the infrastructural facilities are things like the philosophy and vision of the school and its congruence with one’s own child-rearing ideas. Speaking to the staff and seeing if they are patient in giving answers, observing other children, taking into account the teacher-student ratio, cleanliness, helpfulness of attendants etc. should be important deciding factors. The affordability of the play school is an overriding question though but still is a very prime factor as in many other play schools parents end up paying more for all that is already a part of Bragnam curriculum and delivery.
The last word of decision in sending a child to school does rest with the parents, and the most vital question a parent should be asking is himself is that is he comfortable in sending the child outside the home, even for few hours? The decision should closely include factors as existence of familiar support and the level of maturity in the child. All children are not the same and so Bragnam play school suits to almost all as per our child care-policy. So, a careful assessment should precede the decision on what is best for your child.2013 KTM SX-F Australian Press Launch
Posted on August 17, 2012 in KTM, Motocross, Motorcycles, Video
Go behind the scenes at the 2013 KTM SX-F Australian Press Launch and find out what the journalists think of these revolutionary new motocross machines as they push the limits at the Louee Enduro and Motocross Complex.Valentine’s Day is a hard holiday to shop for. The gifts never really seem quite straight forward; it all depends on how long you’ve been dating, how serious you are and what type of relationship you have. Here’s how I see it: if you are in a new relationship and don’t want to go all out, think small – buy her chocolates, flowers or that cute teddy bear you eyed up at Hallmark. They sound cliche, but sometimes we girls are simple. If it’s a new relationship, she’ll just be happy that you got her anything! You can personalize your gift even more by adding a sweet note or turning it into a DIY.
DIY gift ideas even work well for more established couples. I have to admit, they are personally some of my favorite gifts, because you know your significant other put a lot of work and time into making something special for you! Some ideas for DIY gifts are this romantic quote mug or other mug designs (all you need is a mug and a sharpie!) or a ‘reasons why I love you’ box or card book, but you know Pinterest has so many more.
On the other hand, if you are looking to buy your girl something unique and exciting this Valentine’s Day, there are so many other options for you as well. Hey, maybe you should even surprise your mom and sister with a cute little Valentine’s Day gift. The items on this Valentine’s Day gift guide range from $6 to $225, so there is bound to be an option for any relationship, budget and girl.
Kate Spade New York ‘Gramercy Grand’ Watch
Wow, we’re starting off big here, but I wanted to go in order of appearance, so don’t get discouraged. This is BY FAR the most expensive item on the list, and there are much more affordable options in the intro and to follow! But if this Valentine’s Day is an extra special one for you two, and you want to splurge on your present, this Kate Spade Watch is classic.
Tisty Tosty LUSH Bath Bomb
Let her know that she deserves to be pampered. LUSH bath bombs are an inexpensive yet luxurious treat. This is a gift that would be great for your girlfriend, sister or mom! Everyone needs a relaxing bath every once in a while – and there is a scent to fit them all.
Kendra Scott ‘Mabel’ Necklace
The ‘Mabel’ Kendra Scott necklace is a great staple, meaning if you’re not sure what style jewelry she would enjoy, ‘Mabel’ will probably suit her. There is nothing too flashy or stylistic about it. It is a simple yet elegant, classic piece. It’s also petite and dainty, perfect to wear everyday and think of you.
Lancôme L’Absolu Rouge Définition Lipstick
Lancome carries some of my favorite lipsticks. I don’t have time to reapply my lipstick throughout the day, and with Lancome, I don’t really have to. Even after the initial coat wears off, it leaves your lips a pretty color close to the first shade – just slightly more muted. If she loves beauty and makeup, pick her up one of these (available in more colors)!
Kate Spade New York Stud Earrings
Again, studs are kind of a classic, and you can’t go wrong with them. Although these Kate Spade earrings seem like a bold choice with the hot pink color, there are other color options available for any style.
Victoria’s Secret Mini Eau De Parfum Gift Set
Choosing a fragrance for someone can be hard! Especially considering fragrances smell different on every person that wears them. That means that what it smells like in the store, might not be what it smells like on her. This mini eau de perfum gift set allows you to play it safe and allows her the excitement of trying a new fragrance each day. It’s fun, and you might have provided her with the opportunity to discover her new favorite scent!
Xhilaration Long Fur Throw – Cream
A cozy blanket with a little note about your next cuddle session would make any girl swoon. Wrap it up with a movie, candle or her favorite book to take your gift to the next level.
Feel lame just buying her chocolate? With these personalized M&Ms, she’ll be wowed by the fact that you went out of your way to personalize them – because it’s the little things, you know? Customizing these little treats can get out of hand and expensive quickly, but if it’s done right, it can be worth it and done on a budget.
May Designs offers cute, customizable notebooks for every style, meaning there is an option out there for the woman in your life. With May Designs, you have the option to change the cover design, interior pages and add a monogram. The cover pictured above is Burst of Pink. Make this gift extra special by leaving her a special note on the first page or spice it up by giving her a fun pen set as well.
I want to know: what is your favorite gift idea on this gift guide? Do you love getting DIY gifts? Let me know in the comments below!1. There
are two kinds of action: substantial and accidental. The substantial action
of prime Chaos is composed of the ignificative, aerificative etc. and it
is the universal or common form which divides into individuals of species
in the third Chaos. Accidental action of the prime Chaos is the action
of the ignificative, not in its own essence, but in the essences of the
other elements, and the same applies to them. This accidental form is universal
to all the individual accidental forms in the third Chaos where it divides
itself into individual accidents present in supposites where each element
is active in the others, and this shows how action is divided in the prime
Chaos and in the third.
2. The
universal action of the prime Chaos, is form acting on its own matter so
that each elementative acts on its own elementable; it is a universal motive
power that moves all particular powers in the third Chaos, and hence, we
also understand that there is yet another universal motive power whereby
each elementative acts on the essences of the other elements, and under
which all particular accidental motive powers in the third degree are moved.
3. The
substantial form of each element is the same thing as its purely substantial
action, but because this form, while it acts substantially on its own matter,
also acts accidentally on alien matters, namely those of the other elements,
accidental action follows accidentally, as we see in fire whose form acts
on the matter of air etc. with its heat and light by heating and lighting
it, and therefore the form of air acts by accident with heat and light
on its own matter, as it acts on the entire essence so as to contain the
matter. The form of air also acts on its own matter substantially inasmuch
as this form is totally imbued and infused throughout the entirety of its
own matter. And this applies likewise to the other elements, which shows
that there is both substantial and accidental action.
4. Each
element has a dual action, sensible and insensible. The insensible action
is the one which can in no way be sensed by any corporeal sense, and this
is the one whereby simple fire acts on its own proper simple matter resulting
in a simple element; but the sensible action is the one whereby the entire
supposite aggregated from the four elements is sensibly hot, or cold and
so forth.
5. Substantial
action, which is substantial form, is quantified in itself and in its own
matter, and it is qualified by accident in other remote forms and other
remote matters when each element acts in the others, as we see when heat
accidentally acts on moisture, and so forth.
6. Given
that the action of the prime Chaos is diffused throughout the entirety
of the Chaos, it flows universally into the third Chaos, and its influx
is received by the third Chaos in particular ways, because the third Chaos
is distinctly divided into species and supposites. This shows that universal
or common action is real, and that it divides itself as the third Chaos
receives it, and disperses itself into the parts which come into action
in the third Chaos.
7. In
the third Chaos there is a certain agent which receives matter from the
prime Chaos, in which there is likewise another agent which gives it. Therefore
the prime Chaos, under the recipient's action, enters into the action and
passion of the third, whence arises the mixture of both degrees of Chaos,
as we see in a wheat grain generating many grains, when its form receives
influence from the first Chaos and acts on its own matter as the first
Chaos enters formally and materially into the form and matter of the generating
grain, while the form of this grain acts by reproducing and many similar
grains of its own species.
8. In
the form of fire there is intense active heat with which form acts on its
own matter in which there is intense passive heat, so that throughout the
entire essence of fire there is extended heat composed of action and passion,
and under it, fire is essentially present in supposites together with the
essences of the other elements.
9. The
action of the prime Chaos is incessant and incorruptible everywhere within
the lunar sphere. In the third Chaos it is incessant but corruptible as
some supposites fall into corruption, given that as a supposite is destroyed,
its action is deprived of its individual being and reverts to the prime
Chaos while the parts of the deprived supposite enter into the mixture
of the prime Chaos, whence they later revert to the third Chaos under some
other numerically different individual supposite.Understanding Christian Anarchism
By Keith Hebden
Anarchism is a way of understanding the dynamics of power and how they relate to justice; it is an enlightenment response to an enlightenment problem – the nation state. Anarchism gives greater importance to social organisation than state-promoting theories like democratic liberalism, or Marxism. The literal meaning of the word anarchy is 'without ruler'. Most forms of anarchism emphasise the importance of voluntary association as opposed to imposed nationalism.
A workable model of Christian anarchism must go beyond the selfishness of individualism, thus avoiding Western doctrines of salvation as well as rejecting nihilism. However, it must not fall into the impersonal restrictions of some forms of Collectivism that would oppress the individual. Christian anarchism rejects the violent anti-intellectualism of some forms of anarcho-syndicalism and the violence inherent in the Liberation Theology motif of ‘Exodus’, whilst celebrating non-literate societies as potentially self-governing, regardless of formal education.
Recently, Alexandre Christoyannopoulos made the first published attempt at an outline of Christian anarchism, in his book of the same title.[1] Christoyannopoulos outlines a broad school of thought and, amongst other things, he observes that:
Christian anarchism teases out the revolutionary political implications of Christianity, and in so doing acts as an invitation to reflect, both individually and collectively, on a range of issues of importance today- such as the omnipotence of the modern state, the wisdom of adopting violent means to reach however laudable ends, the usual methods for dealing with criminals in society, for tackling poverty and famine and so on.[2]
Christian anarchism assumes that a hermeneutic (method of interpretation) of nonviolent resistance to violence should be applied to both text and historical narrative to draw out the statist agenda of all protagonists. Christian anarchism challenges the assumption that the powerful, rather than the kingdom of God, is the Christian mode of salvation. It rejects all forms of nationalism, as the kingdom of God transcends temporal modes of belonging.
Dave Andrews, who set up anarchic Christian communities in Delhi and Australia, defines Christian anarchy, or Christi-Anarchy, in a way that has striking parallels with both anarchism and Liberation theology:
A lifestyle that is characterized by the radical, nonviolent, sacrificial compassion of Jesus the Christ. A way of life distinguished by commitment to love and to justice; marginalized and disadvantaged; so as to enable them to realize their potential, as men and women made in the image of God; through self-directed, other-oriented intentional groups and organizations.[3]
Andrews emphasises the community, the intentional group, namely the group who are marginalised and who seek justice. His is a liberationist approach. For Indian theology, the ‘marginalized and disadvantaged’ have been identified as Dalits by Dalits. However, Dalit theology is more introspective than ‘other-oriented,’ focusing on developing self-identity through various means, such as history and literature.
The most substantial commentary on Christian anarchism is that of Jacques Ellul, who defines it most simply as, 'the rejection of violence,' yet he does not reject violence as a means of revolutionary change; rather he rejects it as a means of change for the anarchic Christian, for whom an alternative exists.[4] His extensive study of social mechanisms, and his anarchist biblical criticism of Old and New Testament narratives, provide an alternative to the Liberationist perspectives of Dalit theology. Like many Dalit theologians, Ellul is Christocentric in his approach. Like Andrews, Ellul challenges the role of the coercive state as diametrically opposed to the Kingdom of God: the ‘City’ is contrasted with the ‘garden’, the coercive state with the freed community.
Keith is an Anglican priest, author and activist. He is the author of 'Seeking Justice: The Radical Compassion of Jesus'.
[1] Alexandre Christoyannopoulos, Christian anarchism: A Political commentary on the gospel, (Oxford: Academic Imprint, 2010).
[2] Christoyannopoulos, Christian anarchism, p. 295.
[3] Dave Andrews, Not Religion, But Love: Practicing a Radical Spirituality of Compassion, (Cleveland: The Pilgrim Press, 2001), p. 24.
[4] Jacques Ellul, Anarchy and Christianity, (Michigan: William B. Eerdmans Publishing Co., 1991), p. 11.The Green Group have deployed a new Ozone generator machine which Laundry Efficiency have been deploying in a growing number of different laundries across the UK. The machine combined with the knowledge and expertise of the Laundry Efficiency team is providing significant monthly cost savings for the group so allowing them to develop and build their customer base and business.
Click here to see the impact that the service is having with the guys in Glasgow
If you are interested in exploring how your laundry could benefit from similar savings then take our Laundry Efficiency Test here and see how you and your laundry could benefitNew country manager for Dell
PC vendor Dell has appointed a new country manager to spearhead its penetration of the Saudi Arabian IT market.
Hardware behemoth Dell believes that the appointment of Abdul Raheem Bawazeer as its new country manager for Saudi Arabia will help the company strengthen its market position even further in the Kingdom. “We are extremely pleased to have Abdul Raheem on board,” says Michael Collins, general manager at Dell Middle East. “[Abdul] comes to us with qualifications and experience that will help Dell achieve its objectives in Saudi Arabia, and I’m confident that together we will achieve new levels of success in the Kingdom.” Bawazeer has been working in the Saudi Arabian IT market for over two decades; including helping establish some of the leading lights of the global IT industry in the country. He graduated from the college of Computer Science and Engineering at King Fahd University of Petroleum and Minerals in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in 1988.
- JOIN THE DISCUSSION
- Add YoursMy favorite part of this video is the end, the strategies for repairing impact of stress on our brains. Truth be told, I got more and more stressed watching the video until the end. Let's breath together and take care of our brains!
Saturday, January 14, 2017
Tuesday, January 3, 2017
2017 PreK/Kindergarten Information Night
Kindergarten/Prekindergarten Information NightWednesday, January 18, 2017
(snow date, Thursday, January 19th)
Cunniff School: 6:30-7:30pm
Hosmer School: 6:30-7:30pm
Lowell School: 6:30-7:30pm
Parents/Guardians of children entering Kindergarten and/or Pre-Kindergarten in the fall of 2017 are invited to attend this information meeting. You will…..
- find out when to register your child
- learn how to register your child for school
- ask questions about early education and registration
- pick up registration packets*
Parents should attend the session held at their neighborhood school. If you do not know your neighborhood school, please call the Registrar’s office at 617-972-4216.
Kindergarten Requirements:
- Your child must turn 5 years of age before September 1, 2017**
Full Day Pre-Kindergarten Requirements:
- Your child must turn 4 years of age before September 1, 2017**
Registration Dates:
- Pre-Kindergarten (only) registration begins.
- January 19, 2017
- Return completed registration packet to the Early Steps Preschool (at the Hosmer School)
- Kindergarten Registration Week.
- Monday, January 23rd through Friday, January 27th, 7:30 AM – 1:00 PM
- Tuesday, January 24th, 6:00 – 8:00 PM
- Wednesday, January 25th, 4:00 – 6:00 PM
- Return completed registration packet to the registrar’s office located at 30 Common Street
* Kindergarten registration packets are available on the Watertown Public Schools website,
** Please note the age requirement date change per School Committee meeting of 12/7/15The Real Estate Excellence Awards night was such an amazing night for our family, and we couldn't be more proud of our 11 team finalists. It was exciting to see Sally Cameron take out gold in Residential Sales Person of the Year - Eastern, Mandy Doolan won Bronze in Residential Sales Person of the Year - Western/Beachside, Andrew Zardoukas was awarded bronze for Corporate Support of the year and Bronte Manuel recognised as the South Australian Auctioneer of the Year for the third year in a row!
As a business, Toop&Toop was recognised as the winners of the three largest corporate accolades on the night: Marketing & Communications, Innovation ToopCreate - an innovative suite of products that we are proud to bring to South Australia. These tools are providing exceptional value and results to both our buyers and sellers.
Just like in any business, underpinning everything is your team. Your team are the ultimate keys to success. In an industry where collaborating and sharing information is extremely rare, we feel so grateful to have a culture, environment and people that embrace was truly humbling on so many different levels. We are so thankful to our clients and the entire South Australian community for all of your support. It has been a huge year of change, innovation, results and achievements for our team and to have our community's support means so much to us as a family business.
We are excited to now go on to represent South Australia in the Real Estate Institute of Australia's National Excellence Awards early next year. We hope we can make our state proud!
Regards,
Suzannah ToopI know its a bit late to blog about this story, but I ran across a Loyolacentric article in the Gambit today regarding guns on campuses. Louisiana House Resolution 199 proposed that Universities should no longer forbid the concealed carrying of weapons by licensed citizens. This resolution was defeated and never became law, but it was contentious enough that Loyola University President Kevin Wildes, SJ took a public position on the matter (against).
Apparently not all of Loyola was not in agreement with the President. The article details the impending creation of a Students for Concealed Carry on Campus chapter at Loyola University with support from Dr. Walter Block. Block was quoted in the article wondering why the pro-gun feminist voice was lacking from the discussion, stating that guns are a great equalizer in the physical differences between men and women and would decrease the number of sexual assaults on female students. Dr. Marcus Kondkar pointed out that such a statement implies a fundamental misunderstanding of sexual assault on college campuses, as only 9% of sexual assault at Loyola occurred at the hands of a stranger.
The article is a very interesting read indeed.
1 comment:
According to the Center for Disease Control website, the number of accidental handgun deaths in 2005 was 789
By comparison between according to ABC news there have been 323 school shooting deaths over the last 15 years.
Not to belittle the loss suffered by those who have died in shootings, or have been victimized as Chris Fleming's sister, but we need to look at violent events in a healthy perspective- the violence that is the most headline-grabbing is rarely the most prevelant.#: SPRUCE
The Spruce’s powerful suction and sturdy rotating brushroll work together to remove dirt and debris completely. With a flexible stretch hose and a soft, natural-bristle dusting brush, this handvac is perfect for wood furniture and movable fixtures, while the narrow crevice tool gets the debris that falls into the nooks and crannies of any room. A bright LED headlight illuminates the way.
Details:
Sku 3341We already have a game added Book Of Ra on our site for miniclip games, but today come with a new version of the game version that we called it Book Of Ra 2. We already have a game added Book Of Ra on our site for miniclip games, but today come with a new version of the game version that we called it Book Of Ra 2. Play Book of Ra deluxe Online Slot Game. ✚ £ Casino Bonus ✓ Licensed in UK ✓ Premium Slot Machines ➤ Play now!.
The new Book of Ra 2 solved a considerable problem, the visual effects are very slots wheel of fortune. The List Of Book Of Ra Casinos. The game is similar to the Book Of Ra classic game, only this time Position casino games with best odds buttons are different and stakes can casino spiele zu hause increased to Goal of the game is to collect as much money. No software downloads are needed either, they are all flash websites so you can gamingclub online casino excellent casino royale ball scene without sizzling hot games zdarma trouble of having to install game software. Lucky Ladys Charm 2. So in the Book of Ra 2 the paysafe casino online has to lumiere place casino a minimum of 3 books to get 10 free spins. Gaining at least 3 bonus symbols starts the bonus game to gain a bonus, the books don't have to be located in one of the paylines, cause they are scatter symbols. Toate jocurile slot de pe site-ul nostru sunt Jocuri gratuite si pot fi jucate oricand online fara nici un fel de costuri. Jocul Book of Ra 2 a fost votat de ori, votul maxim fiind de 5 stele iar media de 4. To collect the win press START or COLLECT. Play this game like in casino and collect as many points.
Holiday Inn Express San Diego Downtown, San Diego
- Free hot/cold buffet breakfast and free WiFi
Main amenities
- 148 smoke-free guestrooms
- Outdoor pool
- Free airport shuttle
- 24-hour fitness center
- Self parking
- Business center
- Airport shuttle
- Terrace
- 24-hour front desk
- Air conditioning
- Daily housekeeping
- Computer station
- Free hot/cold buffet breakfast and free WiFi
For families
- Free cribs/infant beds
- Refrigerator
- Connecting/adjoining rooms available
- Private bathroom
- Premium TV channels
- Free toiletries
What’s around
-)
- Copley Symphony Hall (3-minute walk)
- San Diego Opera (7-minute walk)
- Westfield Horton Plaza (11-minute walk)
Holiday Inn Express San Diego Downtown, San Diegofrom $88
- Standard Room
- Room, 1 King Bed, Non Smoking (Leisure)
- Room, 2 Queen Beds, Non Smoking
- Room, 2 Queen Beds, City View
- Suite, 1 King Bed, Non Smoking
- Suite, 1 King Bed with Sofa bed, Non Smoking
- Room, 1 King Bed, Accessible (Transfer Shower)
- Room, 1 Queen Bed, Accessible (Transfer Shower)
- Room, Accessible (Transfer Shower)
- Deluxe Suite, Accessible
More great choices
At a glance
Key facts
Hotel size
- This hotel has 148 rooms
- This hotel is arranged over 3 floors
Arriving/leaving
- Check-in time 3 PM-1 AM
- Express check-out
Required at check in
- Credit card or cash deposit required
- Government-issued photo ID required
Travelling with others
Pets
- Pets not allowed
Internet
- Free WiFi in public areas
- Free WiFi in rooms
Transportation
Transfers
- Free airport shuttle from 6 AM to 9:30
Also popular with travelers from the USA
Special features
DiningCocina 35 - This family.
Mandatory fees
Deposit: USD 20.00
Optional extras
Self parking costs USD 19.00 per day
We have included all charges provided to us by this hotel. However, charges can vary, for example, based on length of stay or the room you book.
What’s around Holiday Inn Express San Diego Downtown, San Diego
Landmarks
-).) 28-min drive
- Carlsbad, CA (CLD-McClellan-Palomar) 38-min drive
- San Diego Santa Fe Depot Station 17-min walk
- San Diego Coaster Old Town Station 10-min drive
- County Center - Little Italy Station 16-min walk
- Self parking (surcharge)
- Free airport shuttle
Is the description of this hotel not correct? Tell us: Chapel Train
Fabric: Tulle, Chiffon
Embellishment: Split Front, Beading
Straps: Cap Straps
Sleeve: Sleeveless
Back Style: Zipper Up at Side
Fully Lined: Yes
Built-In Bra: Yes
Boning: Yes
Shown Color: Black
Size: General
Season: Fall, Winter, Summer, Spring
Years: 2015
Celebrity Style: All Celebrity Styles
Notes: Colors may vary slightly due to different monitor settings. Use an iron to remove wrinkles from your dress if necessary.Search:
Tuesday | 1.16.2018
|
Current Issue
|
Subscribe Free
|
RSS News Feed
|
Sample Newsletter
|
Archives
|
Newsletters
Archives
September 2013
NIH Launches First National Down Syndrome Registry
Lifestyle Intervention Improves High Schoolers’ Health, Social Skills, Grades
End-of-Life Etiquette
Poll Finds Caring for an Aging Relative Causes Personal Stress and Family Conflict
August 2013
Altered Protein Shapes May Explain Differences in Some Brain Diseases
Urine Test Can Diagnose, Predict Kidney Transplant Rejection
Study Identifies Brain Circuits Involved in Learning and Decision Making
Researchers Discover How Brain Cells Change Their Tune
Researchers Find Diabetes Drug Extends Health and Lifespan in Mice
NIH Math Model Predicts Effects of Diet, Physical Activity on Childhood Weight
Rapid Test Allows for Earlier Diagnosis of Tuberculosis in Children
June 2013
Employee Recognition Programs
Scientists Find Link between Allergic and Autoimmune Diseases in Mouse Study
NIH Begins Recruitment for Long-Term Study of Diabetes Drug Efficacy
Anti-smoking Medication Shows Promise for Treating Alcohol Dependence
How Cancer Caregivers Heal
Study Finds that Brain Scan Predicts Whether Therapy or Meds Will Best Lift Depression
Poll Finds that Employees Want Monetary Incentives from Wellness Programs
Two Gene Variants May Predict Who Will Benefit from Breast Cancer Prevention Drugs
May 2013
Researchers Identify Pathway That May Protect Against Cocaine Addiction
Anti-HIV Therapy Appears to Protect Children's Hearts
Researchers Create Next-Generation Alzheimer’s Disease Model
Suppressing Protein May Stem Alzheimer's Disease Process
Vitamin D May Reduce Risk of Uterine Fibroids
Fat-Free See-Through Brain Bares All
Brain Patterns May Help Predict Relapse Risk for Alcoholism
Study Uses Botox to Find New Wrinkle in Brain Communication
May is Healthy Vision Month
Type 1 Diabetes Network Expands Reach With Online Sign-Up, Nationwide Testing
April 2013
Stressful Life Events May Increase Stillbirth Risk
Delay in Shifting Gaze Linked to Early Brain Development in Autism.
Benefits of Quitting Smoking Outpace Risk of Modest Weight Gain
NIH Study Sheds Light on Role of Climate in Influenza Transmission
Diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus
February 2013
Treating Patients with Stage IVB, Recurrent, or Persistent Cervical Cancer
NIH Study Shows Big Improvement in Diabetes Control over Past Decades
NIH study Finds Increases in Risk of Certain Leukemias Related to Treatment
Prevention Efforts Focused on Youth Reduce Prescription Abuse into Adulthood
Threat Bias Interacts With Combat, Gene to Boost PTSD Risk
January 2013
Start a Healthier Future Today
Study Documents That Some Children Lose Autism Diagnosis
Study Suggests Gene Variation May Shape Bladder Cancer Treatment
NIH Urges Dilated Eye Exams to Detect Glaucoma
H1N1 Flu Shots Are Safe for Pregnant Women
Regular Marijuana Use by Teens Continues to Be a Concern
14 Signs of Possible Mental Illness in Teens
December 2012
Cardiac Bypass Surgery Superior to Non-Surgical Procedure for Adults with Diabetes and Heart Disease
Researchers Show Possible Trigger for MS Nerve Damage
HIV Testing Is Key to Early Detection
20 Percent of Youth with HIV Didn’t Know They Were Already Infected before Their First Sexual Experience
Scientists develop new treatment to combat autoimmune disease in mouse model.
The Importance of Leisure-Time Physical Activity
Children's Healthcare of Atlanta Develops New Smart Phone App
Stroke Increasing at Younger Ages
November 2012
Prevent Workplace from Becoming Flu or Norovirus Breeding Ground
Heavy Prenatal Alcohol Linked to Childhood Brain Development Problems
"Biggest Loser" Study Finds Modest Diet and Exercise Can Sustain Weight Loss
Researchers Discover 71 New Human Genes Associated With Bowel Diseases
Weight Loss Does Not Lower Heart Disease Risk from Type 2 Diabetes
2 Studies Look at Racial/Ethnic Disparities in Survival after Breast Cancer
October 2012
Study reveals multiple mechanisms may play role in complex disorder
Study Reveals Genomic Similarities between Breast Cancer and Ovarian Cancers
NIH Introduces Bilingual Booklet on Sports Injuries
No Significant Difference in Asthma Control Across Three Approaches
Family Problem-Solving Sessions Help Teens Better Manage Diabetes
September 2012
Health-Insurance Trend: Moving From Group to Individual Purchase
NIH Study Finds That Coffee Drinkers Have Lower Risk of Death
Healthy Vision Month Promotes Awareness and Correction of Eyesight Problems
Teach Children Basics of Food Safety
Speak Up About Hearing Loss
Childhood CT Scans Are Linked to Leukemia and Brain Cancer
Breast Cancer Patients with High Density Mammograms
Stresses of Poverty May Impair Learning Ability in Young Children
Strategy Developed to Improve Delivery of Medicines to the Brain
NIH Scientists Map First Steps in Flu Antibody Development
Silent Heart Attacks Are Common and Predict Risk of Death
Compounds Activate Key Cancer Enzyme to Interfere With Tumor Formation
Study looks at Galectin-3
Silent Heart Attacks Are Common and Predict Risk of Death
October 2011
Making the Move to Medicare
Harvard Researchers Launch Healthy-Eating Plate
10 Mealtime Challenges That Threaten Healthy Aging
Bad Economy May Mean Bad Heart Health, Too
Diabetics Are at Increased Risk of Developing Alzheimer’s and Other Dementia
Compassion Urged as Key Role in Alzheimer’s Caregiving
Web Site Tells Whether Products Have Been Recalled
Effort Is Mobilized to Fight Continuing Spread of Bedbugs
Risk Gene for Alzheimer's Disease Associated With Lower Brain Amyloid
September 2011
Parents Urged to Make Special Request for Routine Hearing Test for Children
Mealtime Loneliness Is Warning Sign of Nutritional Risk
Accountable Care Organizations Stir Praise, Concerns
Workplace Rage Becoming A Family Worry
Shaking Hands with Alzheimer's Disease: A Guide for Compassionate Caregiving
May 2011
Spotting, Dealing With Kidney Problems Can Be Matter of Life or Death
Eliminate Danger of Medications That Are Expired or in Children’s Reach
HSA Account Usage Patterns, Profiles Highlighted By J.P. Morgan
How to Reduce the Risk of Stroke
Women Fare Worse Than Men in Treatment of Heart Disease
Eye Exams Often Detect Chronic Diseases
Electronic Health Records Are Perceived to Increase Care Quality
New Hope for Chronic Disease Sufferers
Stretching Can Ease Morning Aches and Pains
What Does One Do in a Cardiac Emergency?
Ten Tips to Prevent an Accidental Overdose
Wellness Programs Can Fit Workplaces of Any Size
August-2011
Working in the Dog Days of Summer?
Video Series Educates Arthritis Caregivers
Ambulance Diversion Strongly Linked with Increased Mortality of Heart Attack Patients
High Out-of-Pocket Costs Cause Cancer Patients to Cut Care
Dry Mouth? Don’t Delay Treatment
June 2010
Animal Study Reveals New Target for Antidepressants
Study Finds Hints of Trouble in Brain Decades Before Alzheimer's Develops
Mechanism for Clearing Blockages From Smallest Blood Vessels Is Found in Mice
Exercise and Physical-Activity Tips for Older Adults
Early Treatment Decisions Are Crucial for Teens With Treatment-Resistant Depression
One-Dose Radiation Is Found Effective for Early Breast Cancer
March 2011
Revised Standards of Care Call for Changing How Gestational Diabetes Should Be Diagnosed
How Depression May Make the World Seem Gray
Diabetes Sufferers Are Urged to Have Hearing Checked
Five Thinking Patterns Can Lead to Postpartum Depression
Insurer Preauthorization Policies Diminish Patient Care, AMA Survey Finds
For Millions With Untreated Hearing Loss, Family Gatherings Can Be Difficult
Type 2 Diabetes Can Be Spotted and Treated Early With Help of Family Health History
Tips for Treating a Sick Child
Five Ways to Ease the Path to Parenthood
Cholesterol: Is It Really as Bad as It Seems?
The ADHD Child Care Guide
iPhone/iPod App Allows Free Screening for Depression, Other Mood and Anxiety Disorders
Inadequate Sleep Can Cause Serious Problems for Teens
CPR Guidelines Are Simplified
For an Increasingly Obese Nation, 'Instant Recesses' at Work Could Be a Breakthrough
For the Shock and Perplexities of a Breast-Cancer Diagnosis Come Answers
Post-Treatment Physical Limitations Can Shorten Lives of Breast-Cancer Survivors
Discuss Eldercare With Mom and Dad Before They Need It
Making Compassionate Decisions for Loved Ones Without a Voice
Belly Fat Is Like Real Estate—What Matters Is Location, Location, Location
Exercise Helps Diabetic Seniors Report Better Health, Study Shows
Here are 7 Tips for Healthful Aging
Paths Through the Health-Insurance Tangle Are Offered in Guide for Entrepreneurs, Small-Business Owners
Reboot Those Broken New Year’s Diet and Exercise Resolutions
May 2010
Retirement Can Be Happier With Thoughtful, Inclusive Planning
COBRA Subsidy Eligibility Is Extended Again
Highlights of New Healthcare Law's Impact on Businesses
Wellness Programs in Workplace Can Jump-Start Cost Savings
'Take a Stand, Don't Tan'
Protecting Children Against Harm From Sound
Teen Health and Fitness Web Site Offers Free Music Downloads as Draw
April 2010
The Employee Wellness Network Web Site Launches
Last-Minute Tax Tip: Get a Good Night's Sleep
Challenged by Caregiving at Home? A Handbook Offers Help
March 2010
Six Steps for a Healthy Heart
New Web Site Links Healthy Living With Business Success
Individuals Who Define Themselves by Their Work Also Need to Be Positive
Home Healthcare Staff Is Getting Older, Growing in This Decade
'Hearts and Minds' Program Seeks to Improve General Health of Mentally Ill
The Challenge to Prevent Sitting to Death
Animal Research Indicates Ritalin Increases Speed of Learning
Study Confirms Blood Cholesterol-Alzheimer's Link
Employer Support for Population Health, Wellness Remains Strong, Survey Finds
Families Are Encouraged to Motivate Diabetic Seniors
Four Ways to Be a Happily Married Employee
February 2010
Fishoil Promoted As Tool For Healthy Living
An iPhone App May Simplify the Lives of Nurses
New Book Explores Relationship Between Stress and Illness
Health-Insurance Changes Could Bring New Scams
Prolonged Sitting Leads to Premature Death
Gene Linked to Schizophrenia May Reduce Cancer Risk
Employer Satisfaction With Health Insurers Is Slipping
Going Wild Over Wild Blueberries
Survey: Nearly a Third of Health-Insured Hispanics Have Uninsured Family Members
January 2010
Firms, Individuals Planning to Buy Healthcare Insurance Face Uncertainties
Helpful Consumer Insurance Tips for the New Year
MedHelp Launches Free Mobile Application for Women
December 2009
Survey Reveals Big Gap in Understanding of Depression
Beating Cancer: A Blueprint for Survival
AMA Offers Easy Steps to Lower Risk for Diabetes
Tips on Eating Healthy This Holiday Season
New Discount Drug Program Benefits the Growing Unemployed
Newly Validated Exams Will Help Screening for Healthcare Positions
November 2009
Health Web Site Offers New Approach to Comparative Medicine
'Speak Up' to Prevent Errors in a Child's Care
Consumer Reports Survey Finds HMOs Beat PPOs
Health Insurance Buyer's Guide
Gadget Is Medication Alarm Clock - And More
The Healthcare Survival Guide
Studies Show College Students Are Uneducated on Fundamentals of Health Insurance
Hospital, Heal Thyself
Prescription-Drug Discount Card Can Cut Costs at the Pharmacy
Cold and Flu Season Brings Risks and Choices
Help Is at Hand for Baby Boomers Faced With Caring for Parents
Medical Records to Go
October 2009
How Healthcare Reform May Affect HSAs
HealthHarbor Rolls Out Redesigned Consumer-Centered Web
Is Assisted Living Right for Your Loved One?
Little Book Offers Simple Improvement in Medical Record-Keeping
August 2009
Fighting against "Sudden Cardiac Death"
HealthCare Insight® Launches StopHealthCareFraud.com
How to Avoid Hidden Health-Coverage Traps
New Goal-Tracking Site Is Launched
'Better Hearing Blog' Is Launched
Summer 2009
Protecting Young Children and Babies from H1N1 Flu
Despite Cancer Warnings, 31% of Americans Never Use Sunscreen, Survey Shows
Getting the Brain in Gear for Summer Slimming
Keep an Eye on UV Safety
VSP Vision Care Study
May 2009
Diabetics and the Recession
Finding Out Where Food Is From
Rethinking 'White-Coat Hypertension'
Getting Wise to the Wellness ROI
Health-Insurance Tips for the Graduate
2010 Health Savings Account Contribution Limits Announced
Senate Reform Proposal Targets HSA Spending Limits, Reporting Requirements
April 2009
Link between Atrial Fibrillation and Increased Risk of Death in Diabetic Patients
Stent 4 Life Campaign Is Launched
Help for Those Facing a Senior Healthcare Crisis
Easter Seals Living With Autism Study
Survey Finds More in U.S. Worried About Healthcare Costs Than Losing Their Jobs
March 2009
Interactive Personal Health Record Solution
Annual Checkups and Vaccinations for Adults
New Genomic Markers Associated With Risk of Heart Disease and Early Heart Attack
Clues to Hidden Stress
Cardiovascular Risks Associated with Long-haul Flights
New Graphic Design Tools Help Doctors Teach Kids About Healthy Eating
Day Time Sleepiness Provides Red Flag for Cardiovascular Disease
April 2008
February 2009
Higher A1C Levels Linked to Lower Brain Function
Avoid the Seven Deadly Sins of Running Technique
American Heart Association Creates Online Walking Community
Most Americans Do Not Make Comprehensive Life Plans for Healthy Living
ESC Statement on the Control of Type 2 Diabetes
Seasonal Variation in Blood Pressure
Daily Podcast Launched Regarding Nutrition and Weight Management
TheCarrot.com Helps Keep Track of Health and Weight Records
Breast Cancer Prevention Begins with Self-Advocacy
January 2009
New Prescription Drug “Double Sting” Scam Reported
Is B-12 the New “It” Vitamin?
Health Insurance Guide for the Recently Unemployed
Care.com Launches New Offering
New Free Pain Tracker Available on the Internet
December 2008
FDA Partners with WebMD for Consumer Information
New West Virginia Toolkit of Resources on Electronic Health Records Available
Economic Downturn Puts Health at a Premium
Small Business Leaders Report Growing Success With Consumer Driven Health (CDH) Benefit Programs
Small Firms Offered Integrated HSA Package By Industry Heavyweights
When Snoring Can Literally Kill You
Changing Face Of Small Business Healthcare Coverage Revealed In New Study
New Law Tightens Regulation of Online Pharmacies
National Library of Medicine Brings FreeMD.com Symptom Checker to Health Consumers
Asthma From Every Angle
Current Economic Situation Prompts Increased Smoking, Delay in Quit Attempts
Nearly Half of Adults Won't Get Flu Vaccine, Citing Poor Excuses Like "I Don't Get Sick"
November 2008
New Program Extends Additional Eye Exams to Ward off Risk
Healthcare CEO Releases 'My Healthcare is Killing Me'
Autumn Exercise Tips
Dos and Don'ts of Checking Blood Pressure at Home
Tools and Tips for Patients with New Cancer Diagnosis
Faster Medication After Artery-Opening Surgery= Fewer Heart Attacks
Adapting to Life with the Risk or Reality of Genetic Disease
Enhanced Website for Alzheimer's, Macular Degeneration and Glaucoma
MayoClinic.com Feature Focuses on High Blood Cholesterol
September 2008
Combining Health Plan Coverage with Bilingual Support Services
Free Educational Website Created by UCSF Diabetes Teaching Center
New Book Helps Stroke Survivors and Families
Minorities Less Likely to Know About Breast Cancer Treatment Options
August 2008
The Benefits of Green Tea for Heart Disease Risk Factor
Seven Mistakes to Avoid When Seeking Social Security Disability Benefits
"Snapshots" of Eyes Could Serve as Early Warning of Diabetes or Diabetic Eye Disease
Size at Birth Linked to the Later Function of the Heart and Blood Vessels
Perceived Lack of Quality Leads to Consumer Rating Website
I Hope They Know...The Essential Handbook on Alzheimer's Care
July 2008
Silent Ischemia in Diabetes Not as Common Nor Threatening as Thought
Women, Mexican-Americans at Higher Risk of Ruptured Brain Aneurysm
Child's Peanut Allergy Leads Mom to Build Successful Chocolate Company
Mercury Levels Lower in Farmed Salmon than Wild Salmon
Ancient Retrovirus May Contribute to Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, Multiple Sclerosis
June 2008
Men's Health Week Is an Opportunity to Make a New Start
Lose Weight in 5 Easy Steps
Flax Seed: A Heart-Healthy Resolution
Chronic ailments have 51% of insured on pills
NIH Launches Undiagnosed Diseases Program
Doctors not always sure when to treat blood pressure in people with diabetes
Planning For Financial Fitness
March 2008
Large Disparities in Kidney Testing Based on Disease, Gender, State
Online Fitness Challenge for Charity
Head-to-Toe Healthy
Heart Attack Rates Fall Following National Smoking Bans in Europe
Cancer Treatment and Facilities Guide for Patients and Families
Johns Hopkins Health Alerts Asks Does Weather Affect Arthritis Pain
February 2008
Ten Medical Ailments a Dentist Could Diagnose...and Possibly Cure!
Eight Keys to Health and Wellness in 2008
Simple Tools to Manage Health in 2008
Ebook Released On Lowering Cholesterol Naturally And Safely
Reaching 100 is easier than suspected
How to Prevent Diabetes Through Early Detection of Insulin Resistance
January 2008
Consumer Reports Gives Exercise Machines A Work Out
Study Shows Complex Relationship Between Weight And Health
Shaking Salt and Sugar from a Diet
Gliding Through Winter Injury-Free
Proper Equipment and Bicycling Position Can Prevent Lower Body Injuries
Consumers More Satisfied With Independent Gyms Than Most Big Health-Club Chains
Secrets to Success in Wellness Programs
Anxiety May be Bad for the Heart
Vitamin D Deficiency Linked to Heart, Stroke Risk
May 2008
Keep Allergies In Check
Strong Painkillers Only Moderately Effective Against Chronic Pain
Online Health Resource for Silver Surfers
Tips for Older Adults to Become More Active
6 Tips & Tools to Manage a Child's Asthma
Free Children's Eye Health Information
February 2007
Five Reasons Why the Self-Employed Should Look at HSAs in 2007
Tectonic Shift In Healthcare Payment Landscape Being Proposed By President Bush
Initial Reaction to Bush Health Plan Proposals
November 2013
Brain May Flush Out Toxins During Sleep
Large Study to Examine if Vitamin D Prevents Diabetes
Many Reasons to Switch Medicare Coverage for 2014, But Too Few Do
News Feed (RSS)
Media Kit
Media Kit
Links
Sample Newsletter
Living Uncured - for individuals with incurable but not fatal diseases and their families
Subscribe
© 2018, Information Strategies, Inc. P.O. Box 315, Ridgefield, NJ 07657 201-242-0600Jordan’s collage films are “moving” in two senses
“Animation” connotes many things to us jaded moderns – Bugs Bunny and variants, the dreaded Disney and its hellspawn, Spike and Mike and South Park with their “naughty bits,” and outré confections like the work of the Brothers Quay or The City of Lost Children. But animation has been around as long as movies, and in as many forms. One of its innovators is Lawrence Jordan, whose 40-film career was nicely distilled into 13 representatives shorts and features to honor his retirement (in May 1999) from teaching at the SF Art Institute.
Jordan (born 1933) came to San Francisco in the mid-1950s, after having established a minor reputation for his underground films in the style of his friend Stan Brakhage. His imagination was apparently better served by animation, judging from the evidence on display at this retrospective, and by 1961 he was doing innovative work in the genre. His reputation was made by early films like Duo Concertantes, which were “moving collages” that recalled the work of Max Ernst and Jess in using cut-outs from old magazines and books. Jordan’s aim was to create what he called “unknown worlds and landscapes of the mind,” and his approach was meticulous, painstakingly creating bizarre juxtapositions and forcing his two-dimensional cut-outs into a strangely seductive pantomime of life.
The culmination of his work in this area is the five-year project Sophie’s Place. This animated color feature has echoes of Alice in Wonderland, the inevitable Max Ernst, Jean Cocteau, and other surrealists. There’s no plot per se, only a series of dazzling tableaux involving such unforgettably weird creations as a floating balloon with huge sad eyes, a bloody hand that suddenly rises up and waves, and – in one of the more homoerotically charged sequences – two cut-out Eugene Sandow-type naked musclemen who mindlessly run up and down stairs and engage in an unusual game of fisticuffs. (They also vaguely jab at an Isadora Duncan-type dancer who prances obliviously on a nearby column.)
As random as such images sound, there’s a subtle sense of purpose. One of the subtexts is Jordan’s sweet satire of the Academy. Much of the imagery is classical – cut-outs of Greek statues, medieval motifs, drawings from old medical texts – but Jordan can’t resist bringing these seemingly noble images to scintillating life. Every still life (and there are many) becomes a screaming tableaux vivant through the filmmaker’s zany juxtapositions, sudden zooms back and forth, and literal deconstruction of his objects, which break into pieces at random and float charmingly through the scene.
The medieval obsession with creating life is also the subject of much of the film’s whimsical attention. Characters suddenly radiate the medieval “essential salts” they were thought to be made of during medieval times, or collapse entirely into this source material. Jordan even introduces a Paracelsus-like character who engages in stare-down contests with the aforementioned forlorn balloon. Jordan’s foregrounding of these absurdist pas-de-deux to classical backdrops – engravings of Victorian gardens, classical landscapes – keep his theme of the attack on the Academy and, for that matter, history and science feather-light and wonderfully engaging.
Shorter animated works are also on view in this series, including some of his most important work in the genre: Duo Concertantes (1962-64), the well-titled Masquerade (1981), and The Visible Compendium (1991).
Jordan also has returned throughout his career to the live-action film, several examples of which are being shown. His three-part tribute to H. D. (Hilda Doolittle), which took four years to make (1990-93), is an ambitious and mostly successful attempt to visualize the mood of H. D.’s long poem Hermetic Definition. The Old House, Passing (1967) is a ghost story with some stunningly beautiful imagery, most notably a lyrical sequence of a woman blowing bubbles in a cemetery. Less demanding but typical of Jordan’s work in a more abbreviated format is the seven-minute Visions of a City (1957), a gorgeously evocative record of a confused Everyman (famed poet Michael McClure) trying to navigate a city (San Francisco) seemingly made entirely of reflective surfaces.3D Printable Cucumber Description Reviews Additional Information Green cucumber with texture usable for decoration. Cucumber, know also as Cucumis sativus, is a widely cultivated plant in the gourd family Cucurbitaceae. It is a creeping vine that bears cylindrical fruits that are used as culinary vegetables. There are no reviews for this product yet. 23 Oct 2013 UPLOAD DATE 34122 TIMES VIEWED 2 TIMES DOWNLOADED DOWNLOAD3D PRINT $1.00 Add to cart WISHLIST COMPARE $6.29 Model + Print Price 1 $ $ Scale: mm cm in Material:Color:Your Choice: Add to cart Ships on: WISHLIST COMPARE File format: wrl Texture: Yes File size:Heinrich Enterprises Llc
1233 E Saint John Rd Phoenix, Arizona 85022(602) 404-4800
Print | Save | Directions
AboutHeinrich Enterprises Llc is located at the address 1233 E Saint John Rd in Phoenix, Arizona 85022. They can be contacted via phone at (602) 404-4800 for pricing, hours and directions.
Heinrich Enterprises Llc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .
For maps and directions to Heinrich Enterprises Llc view the map to the right. For reviews of Heinrich Enterprises Llc see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (602) 404-4800
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 99000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
World Class Concierge Services
717 E Maryland Ave 110 Ste Phoenix, Arizona 85014
First Class Title Delivery
2515 E Thomas rd Ste 16 Ste 16-734 Phoenix, Arizona 85016
The Ups Store
Bell rd & 29 Ave Phoenix, Arizona 85003
CAREFREE COURIER
301 W Deer Valley Rd 6 Ste Phoenix, Arizona 85027
ANSWERS & APPLES
3200 E Sky Harbor Blvd 2271 Ste Phoenix, Arizona 85034
MATRIX EXPRESS INC
3840 W Van Buren St Phoenix, Arizona 85009
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsFagus sylvatica ?Rohanii?
Leaves are rounded, with entire margins; 3-4 inches long, 2 inches wide. Leaves are scarlet when emerging, maroonish and lustrous throughout summer.
During Periods of high temperatures and low rainfall, Beeches may scorch. Make sure that tree?s are adequately watered. Prune in the fall.
Plant Type: Deciduous Tree
Height: 40-60'
Flower Color: None
Foliage: New leaves are brownish purple aging to brown in fall
Location: Sun / Part Shade
Spread: 40-50'
Bloom Period: None
Shape: Densely pyramidal
Growth Rate: SlowWelcome to TOTOODO the best Honor service center in India. At TOTOODO, we believe in providing the best possible service to our customers. It is quite simple. We are experts offering mobile repair services for Honor products. Our technicians are extremely adept to their jobs and are more than qualified to take care of your smartphones. When it comes to mobile repair, our technicians are some of the best you can find.
FAST AND FRIENDLY:
Experience affable service with quick turnaround time
AFFORDABLE:
At TOTOODO Save up to 20% on mobile repairs and accessories
REACHABLE:
We might be near you with 30 stores across India. A recent addition is a new outlet at Abu Dhabi, making TOTOODO India’s first and largest chain of smartphone, Tablet and Laptop service provider.
We are one among the leading companies that provide the best Honor mobile service in the industry. Our high-quality service guarantees are the best among other service providers and we are skilled in all. Our service is unparalleled in every smartphone environment. Our experience covers working on machines from Honor.OK so, I really thought about my brand new bed, and well it is going into storage, I think I only had sex in it a few times, maybe twice. with the same person, who I still love and adore, so there are no bad memories with the bed, new linens will happen clearly afterward.
I will need one dresser and I am taking my cherry mahogany pub table. The rest is bins of stuff that I have sorted and pillaged and really decided on what stayed and what went. My sewing studio I have lugged around for years was cut to a forth of what I had.
I had two garage sales and made about 100 bucks, big whoop-ultimate fail. I did put up signs and posted them on 3 websites, coarse each weekend I had to haul the shit out to the driveway.
I help people that have the OCD ( obsessive compulsive disorder) sickness of hoarding, the truth is everyone has a degree of OCD-mine clearly is books and clothing, which I am happy to say this time around I have no problem in eliminating.
I definitely had a clothing hoard, when I separated from my 7 year relationship 9 years ago and was into materialistic things and crap I donated 20 bags of designer shit to the women shelter.
I cannot remember the last time I purchased a label item, or designer fad. However...I have somehow accumulated the same amount in sports gear, and casual clothing, from thrift store purges with kimbitz and SJ...oh the fun we have thou..yeah...enough for a small country, yet again.
I have two massive Tupperware bins of shoes and a full clothing rack, and two more bins of t shirts, pants..its exhausting.
So off to Bid wars I posted. What a shit show. OK I did sell some good items with great people, a bike, runners, work lamps..
Some of the people that arrived I think actually thought that "Barding" like in India and Mexico was excepted fully here in Canada. Look lady you saw the price, I don't need to hear your entire life story.
She walked away with 4 designer dresses for 20 bucks. Everyone has a story, hers was the typical, single mother, husband left, lost everything. Meanwhile her gorgeous 3 year old in designer clothing is wearing my heels thought out the suite being as adorable as ever.
Then she conveniently did not have change, and said, can you just give them to me? LOLL
I said no I guess you ll have to make a decision on what you want.
What I really wanted to say, was "You wanna hear my fucking life story?' it should be on the goddamn Gerry Springer show' Better yet, Dr Phil.
Play the victim with me..
Yeah I was a single mother, I was in the food bank line, I was on welfare- who gives a royal fuck, look where I am now.
Ok, I'm still a nillionare ( no money) but I do think I have done well for myself and my kids and I am so grateful I have more than I could ask for.
I had more fun in just donating my items the first time to the women shelter.
However I am not doing that this time, I have donated some, and a majority of it is going to a consignment store in the US- this whole adventure is about wiping federal debt in one year.
So even if its a bunch of items at 2.00, it still adds up and to the matter at hand.
So I met the new tenet. I did not get the best vibe and neither did my sweet couple upstairs. the women could not fit down my hallway ( I hope she has some goals set for herself) and she pointed out she would not be able to do the lawn, which is quite large. She has two Chihuahua's , not a small dog I am fond of (except my mothers, but hes a cross) These dogs bite the mail lady, I know for a fact cause I am one. that will give a person nightmares for life, for realZ
The women called me up, my landlord had given her my number for moving arrangement purposes, But had mentioned that I am selling everything and moving. The women asked to cruise my premises to shop. I told her my main furniture was for sale, she asked to buy my bed (ewe, I never buy used beds) even if i am super clean...its just wrong. Then she asked if she could buy my washrooms???
I said, pardon what do you mean. She said well I like the bath matt's shower curtain all decor and your toiletries. I like to buy everything in them as is. I found this really odd. I said the shower curtain and matt's were negotiable..I mean I guess, my entire idea of what Id like to have is very different from what I have now so why not.
i had dreams later that night of Charlie the mastiff dog upstairs running down the hill with one Chihuahua in his mouth and one riding his back with a mini Mexican hat on.
So the hauling away will start Wednesday, during this entire procedure of elimination, I fell sick-
and its gorgeous weather, it sucks I cant feel my face, I have snot dripping like a water facet.
It hit its peak on Saturday, then was a little better today, but started again in the morning, so I went to the doc and got a good dose of antibiotics, see if it helps.
I don't know how people buy sell and trade on a daily basis, I find it highly exhausting. I am hoping the next time I decide on what to buy its either very simple living or with a partner together.
this shit is for the birds
Gvix Bidding good night.* All shows w/ Owen.THOUGHT FOR THE MONTH
Do not regret growing older. It is a privilege denied to many.
KUDOS CORNER
Giant Kudos to all those members that have agreed to put forth their names in nomination, not only for elected positions but for Flag Officer and Committee Chair positions as well. It is because of the commitment these people are making that the BYC will continue to be the exceptional Club it is.
IN OUR WAKE
The Daffodil Festival at the Tacoma Yacht Club was wall to wall fun! The high point for me was when Crystal led the BYC contingent in the Trivia Contest dressed and made up to look like Edge (from U 2). She was magnificent in her role as our “token” and represented the entire BYC membership exceptionally well! Not only that, but at the end of the first round, we were tied for 1st place.
OFF THE BOW
The last opportunity this year to jump in and contribute your skills to the betterment of the Club by running for an elected office will be on May 5, 2014, after which nominations will be closed and elections will be held. Even if you cannot commit to holding an office at this time, come to the meeting on May 5 and cast your ballots for the candidates of your choice!
Following the elections on May 5, 2014 will be the Installation of Officers ceremony on May 16, 2014. This is a formal event steeped in Navy Change of Command traditions. Your support, through your attendance, as the elected members are installed into office will be appreciated by those being installed.
The last scheduled meeting of fiscal year 2014 will be on May 19. There could be some big surprises so plan on attending!
With warm personal regards,Ray Norton!
Sounds like a great plan to relax on miles some before your marathon training begins. Nice workout week you had. Have a super wonderful weekend away and enjoy Fourth of July celebrations!
Diane @runninrocker recently posted…Protein Powered Weekly Wrap
Thanks! Yep, I’m taking advantage of my last weeks before training!
I literally dumped water over my head several times during my run today. I’m already that wet with sweat so it doesn’t matter and feels good! One part of my brain says I’ll get used to this heat. The other part is laughing it’s ass off. Ha — I make Redneck Cavier which uses black-eyed peas as opposed to black beans. How cool Django gets to go play with friends. And, I need to find an adult sno-cone around here! Enjoy your vacation Jennifer. Thanks for linking.
I will be dumping water on me soon! I think if I run loops for my long runs, I’ll dump water each loop. Redneck Caviar with black-eyed peas sounds great too!
There’s something so nice about tapering down as it heats up. I’m so excited for you to start training!
I just hope it doesn’t continue to heat up!
Awww, Elsie is pretty 🙂 and the dogs in the water just makes me smile!
Your wardrobe…I like it all 🙂
It is amazing how much easier walking feels in the heat. It is nice you are hiking and doing some things you enjoy before training starts.
karen recently posted…Tale from the Trail
I love when the dogs play in the water! My dog is such a water hound. His happy place is in the water, even if it’s just a puddle.
My pup has been getting so hot after her walks, we have to dunk her in a cold bath afterwards to help her cool off! Love the django updates 🙂
My dog would probably really like that too! Usually I bring ice water for him to drink but then I also put some on his belly, bum, and head to help keep him cool. They get so hot!
The adult snow cones sound wonderful. And I hope I’ll finally be free to get to go to Open Streets. I’ve missed both of them so far and I’m bummed.
Jessie @ The Acquired Sass recently posted…Friday Five #27
There’s one more Open Streets this summer at the end of July, and it’s a different route than all the others. This one will be on the North Side. Should be fun!
I agree that there is something relaxing about the rain. I personally don’t mind it at all.
Have a relaxing trip to the cabin this weekend!
I especially like the rain when it’s hot. Sometimes it helps to cool things off, but if it doesn’t my mind thinks it does!
Enjoy the last of your break before training! It is always SO hard to do speed work in the heat, but I just tell myself doing this will make me stronger. Plus, pop those salt tabs! They help me so much.
Gretchen recently posted…Seawheeze Half Marathon Training Week 3
Last summer I remember I had to take 4 salt tabs during a single speed session! But maybe it will cool off a lot when I start training–ha ha.
I am finding that I’m doing any type of speed work even less in this heat. My direction has changed with my running. I’m focused on the runstreak and just getting in shorter runs. Late summer I’ll slowly start to build back mileage. But I can say I’m enjoying everything right now.
How fun will your trip to the cabin be! Enjoy yourself Jennifer!
Tricia@MissSippiPiddlin.com recently posted…Weekly Wrap 47 Welcome Summer
That’s a great plan, and nice that you’re enjoying it. I did the summer run streak one year too and really liked it. It just seems too hot to do speedwork and run long, but I know that’s in my future and need to suck it up.
Open streets sounds so fun, esp with the sno-cone! Have a great vacation!
Carina recently posted…Unseasonal
I love open streets but wish they’d have one in the fall when it’s not so hot. The sno-cone helped though!
All the sweat… tis the season.
AHhhh – your baby just laying in the water – life at its finest right there.
I LOVE sleeping in when its raining – especially during a thunderstorm. The sounds of it always relaxes me… my dogs? Not so much. 😉
Rebecca Jo recently posted…The weekend that I tried to hibernate in AC
My dog usually sleeps through thunder and might also sleep through the fireworks in the city we can see/hear from our house. But he hates the smaller fireworks that people set off in the streets!
Great week!
We aren’t huge rain fans around here – it drives the dogs nuts.
Those greyhounds are all so gorgeous. I would love to rescue one of them.
My dog hates the rain! I’ve finally gotten him to go out if it’s just a sprinkle, but he refuses to go out in heavy rain. Must be a dog thing!
I love fall marathons but it’s tough to train in the summer! Last summer, I struggled to get through my long runs. I really need to slow down. Looking forward to following your training!
Wendy@Taking the Long Way Home recently posted…Rewind, Reset, Recharge
I agree 100%. It’s the lesser of two evils right–train in summer and hope for cool fall weather or train in winter and have to deal with ice and snow. I keep telling myself I trained through last summer so I can do it again. We’ll see!
Enjoy your last week before training starts! Its nice to just run for fun, butI love the feeling of starting a new training plan. Good choice to skip the run during the thunderstorm! That’s one type of weather that will always cause me to skip or delay my run.
Lisa @ Running Out Of Wine recently posted…A Foot Update and 2 Weeks of Workouts
That feeling of excitement of starting a new training plan really is like no other!
Wise idea to be all fresh and ready to go once marathon training officially starts! I feel you on the heat. I either attempt speedwork at 5am or take it to the mill if it’s just too hot.
Marcia recently posted…Training Around Summer Fun
Yep, morning runs for me too. It’s usually not much cooler, but at least I can stay out of the sun. I have access to a treadmill now so could do that if it’s just too much of a mess out there.Just a quick message to let you all know that Glamour are including benefit freebies with their magazine this month. They are selling Benefit high beam,Benetint and Posietint which comes to a total of £28 if you were to purchase the products from an actual Benefit counter.
:) xx
oh i got them too - good freebies xxx
I agree :) xPAPISS Demba Cisse was at the double as Newcastle United twice came from behind to claim a point at the Liberty Stadium.
The striker, making his first Premier League start in six months, netted in each half against Swansea City.
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley (right) and Chief executive Lee Charnley in the stands during the Barclays Premier League match at the Liberty Stadium, Swansea. PRESS ASSOCIATION Photo. Picture date: Saturday October 4, 2014. See PA story SOCCER Swansea..
Cisse’s goals cancelled out strikes from Wilfried Bony and former United winger Wayne Routledge.
The 29-year-old had scored twice in the 2-2 draw against Hull City last month on his comeback from long-term injury.
This afternoon’s result saw Newcastle climb one place to 18th in the table.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley, pictured with managing director Lee Charnley, was at the Liberty Stadium to watch the game.
And the club’s fans again chanted against him and Pardew, whose side is yet to win a league game this season.
Pardew had threatened to make changes after Monday night’s defeat at Stoke City, and he dropped Emmanuel Riviere and Remy Cabella in favour of Cisse and Gabriel Obertan.
Obertan shot wide with United’s first real chance of the game in the 17th minute.
However, within seconds of the winger’s miss, Swansea were ahead.
They broke forward and Bony exchanged passes with Gylfi Sigurdsson before bursting into the box and side-footing the ball past Tim Krul in Newcastle’s goal.
United’s travelling fans turned on Pardew in the wake of the strike, and had it not been for Krul – who denied Bony a second goal – the team would have been two goals down.
Pardew’s side again looked short of ideas of their own.
But they got themselves back in the game in the 43th minute thanks to Cisse, who did well to convert a right-wing Obertan cross at the near post.
Moussa Sissoko had been poor before the break, but worse was to come from him after the interval.
The midfielder carelessly gave the ball away yards from his box, and Sigurdsson slipped the ball to Routledge, who lifted it over the advancing Krul.
Pardew replaced the ineffective Yoan Gouffran with Sammy Ameobi, who broke down the left shortly after coming on, but Cisse couldn’t get on the end of his low delivery.
Swansea took control of the match, and United struggled to get the ball off their hosts.
Riviere replaced Jack Colback in the 69th minute.
And Newcastle’s unexpected breakthrough came in the 75th minute, when Ameobi broke down the right and crossed for Cisse, who poked the ball past Lukasz Fabianski.
Pardew’s side climbed above Queens Park Rangers, who play West Ham United tomorrow.
Twitter: @milesstarforth
SWANSEA CITY: Fabianski; Richards, Fernandez, Williams, Taylor; Ki, Shelvey, Sigurdsson (Emnes, 86), Dyer (Montero, 86), Routledge; Bony. Subs not used: Tremmel, Bartley, Shephard, Carroll, Gomis.
NEWCASTLE UNITED: Krul; Janmaat, Coloccini, Williamson, Dummett; Colback (Riviere, 69), Tiote, Sissoko; Obertan, Cisse (Perez, 85), Gouffran (Ameobi, 58). Subs not used: Elliot, Haidara, Anita, Cabella.
Goals: Bony 17, Cisse 43, 75, Routledge 50
Bookings: Coloccini 61, Shelvey 73
Referee: Lee Mason (Lancashire)
Attendance: 20,622Search
Search
1 results for 'Robert Groleau'
The Price is Right: How to Make an Offer on Overpriced Home
The days of Bob Barker may be over, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't be concerned about getting the right price - when buying a home, of course. Some houses sit on the market "forever," because the seller makes irrational demands of the market. Maybe they have a sentimental side and they.... (more)
Tags: real estate, overpriced home
« previous 1 next »December 25, 2013
December 22, 2013
IT was our Third Anniversary
December 21, 2013
IT is the End of Exams
Yesterday at 11:00 a.m., the bells rang at Franklin High School for the last time of 2013. Then they rang again at 11:10 because for some reason at our school they like to ring the bells again 10 minutes after school ends just to remind you that you need to leave and go home. Exams are finally over and we don't have to even think about school until sometime in January when it starts back. It's just so exciting.
Have you ever experience a traumatic time without wifi?
March 31, 2013
IT is Easter
Happy Easter!
I hope everyone's having a nice time with friends and family over the weekend! For us at ibIT, we've been on spring break all week, and we must begin again the routine of school in the morning. With lots to look forward to, you'll hear from us soon!
I also found this today and thought it was so cool!
February 13, 2013
IT is New Monsters University Footage
So tell me...Do people actually comment here anymore? Oh, and what's your favorite Pixar movie?
January 6, 2013
IT is Les Mis
You should.
Why?
It's glorious.
You should also bring kleenex. You're going to need it.
Facilities Administrator –Provincial Government <AA4>
Facilities Administrator required for Provincial Government employer. Responsibilities include setting up and dismantling conference rooms by moving and lifting furniture. Troubleshooting conference room telephones and computers. Maintaining meeting rooms by tidying up and stocking supplies as required. Managing repair, maintenance and replacement of office equipment. Monitor inventory and restock office/kitchen supplies as necessary. Providing other administrative duties as required. Ideal candidate must have previous Facilities Administrator or equivalent experience. Must be able to travel within Ontario. Must have access to a car and a valid G driver’s licence. Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment. Must have strong organizational, time management and interpersonal skills. Must have excellent oral and written communication skills. Proficient in Microsoft Office. Those interested in this position please email jobs@marberg.comThe title of this article is pretty declarative, don’t you think? Actually it isn’t completely true. You don’t have to have a positive attitude to have a leadership role, and you don’t even have to have it to lead. But you definitely must have a positive attitude if you want to lead successfully for an extended period of time.
A specific description of what I mean when I say “positive attitude” will be saved for another day (and another article). For our purposes today, let’s define positive attitude as an expectancy that good things will generally happen, (and that even when they don’t there is likely good that will be found in the challenges) and a healthy optimism for the future for your company, team, yourself and life in general.
It is important to note what I’m not saying here as well — I’m not saying a positive attitude requires you to be a pom-pom toting cheerleader or an always smiling Pollyanna who ignores challenges and thinks that attitude alone will carry the day. It is something deeper and can be shown in your actions in a personal way; it doesn’t require you to live a stereotype (which is good, because that is too hard to do and won’t work anyway).
With that starting point, here are three major reasons having a positive attitude is important for you as a leader.
You are in the energy business
I have Clients in both the electric utility and the petroleum businesses. They would justifiably say they are in the energy business. As a leader, whatever industry you are in, you, too, are in the energy business. Remember that whatever energy you bring to your work will be noticed and amplified. Your personal attitude is a huge part of the energy you inject into your team and organization. If you aren’t injecting positive, supportive and encouraging thoughts and actions into the workplace, it is far less likely that others will either. You can’t rely on someone else to do this for you—you are a leader.
Positive attracts
I often say in workshops that  organization, look no further than productivity. People will get more done in a positive environment.
If you are wondering if it is possible for one person to change the attitude or environment in an organization, and therefore have the impact I’ve described, remember this: Enthusiasm is contagious, and someone must inject that energy into a group, team or organization.
Just what I needed to start this new week – Thank you Kevin
Great post, Kevin! The leader needs to have an optimistic and affirming outlook to be a motivating force within the organisation. Being positive means having a strong commitment to vision and goals. It also about persevering in the face of any obstacles encountered.
I think that it is also about bring ready to listen to the doubts and suggestions of others and being willing to endorse a shift in direction when such a shift is warranted. After all, a leader cannot possibly know everything and other people can exhibit specific leadership talents too. Being comfortable, and not feeling threatened by the capacity of others to lead in their own way, is another important part of being positive.
Thanks for the important reminder.
Great article. Agree with your comments, if the leader is not positive, then the staff will not be positive and your bottom line will not be positive!!!
As W. Clement Stone said,
“There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. The little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative. “
Kevin, excellent insight. A positive attitude leads to positive activity. Especially for leaders, it is important to have a positive mindset. People will emulate their leaders. If leaders expect positive outcomes and behave in such a way that reflects those beliefs, followers will follow suit. I agree, you don’t have to have a positive attitude to lead. But you do if you want to lead in a positive direction. There is nothing that inhibits productivity more than cynicism. If leaders want to run their companies to the ground, they should lead cynically. Otherwise, positive attitude IS a must!
Kevin,
I know how much my energy effects everything around me and yet I had not thought about being in the energy business. What a great analagy.
I am president of the Board of condo complex I live in. One of our members had such negative energy, she created tension in the room the moment she arrived. She just resigned, and although we’ve not had a meeting since, I can feel the change in energy already.
Connie
omg… you saved me with my ‘how to be a good leader’ essay for school! Thanks for all your good ideas!! 🙂
🙂 you are welcome
Kevin 🙂Jun202012
realtor manipulations: using WTF priced houses to make others look reasonable
Have you ever gone into a high-end retail store to look at a sale item advertized at 50% off? When you see the asking price you think to yourself, 50% off a WTF asking price is still way, way too high, right? realtors play that game too. And what’s really shocking is that they openly admit it. They actually admit to manipulating buyers with false comparables to convince buyers outrageous house prices are reasonable. What do you expect from a profession that trains its salespeople at the Gap?
Overpriced ‘setup’ houses are used to sell other nearby homes
Real estate agents are using overpriced properties as negative examples to sell similar homes with lower asking prices.
By Kenneth R. Harney — June 17, 2012
>>IMAGE.
Any seller who hasn’t gotten any offers over the last three months is a pinball. Their WTF asking prices pollute the MLS, and any showings they get are mostly to show buyers how much more they get for their money on another property.
.
So why do sellers put up with this?
Maybe the sellers — encouraged by reports of rising sales and low mortgage rates — insisted on the aggressive asking price and wouldn’t list for anything less.
Delusion? Every owner thinks their properties are worth more than comparable properties. Because their home appeals to them, most sellers reason it must appeal to everyone else as well. It doesn’t work that way. Plus, most sellers put on blinders when greed enters their thinking.
Or maybe the sellers’ agent, not wanting to lose the listing, didn’t fully brief them about what the house could command in today’s conditions.
Ore maybe the seller’s listing agent knowingly lied to get the listing knowing full well they were going to go back in 30 days and break the bad news to the seller that their dream home is not all they believe it to be. The listing often goes to the agent who most strokes the ego of the seller, or the agent most willing to put an embarrassing WTF asking price on a house without blushing. For many agents, promising an unrealistic selling price then going back for a realistic price reduction is their standard operating procedure. They see nothing wrong with it.
.
Unscrupulous agents take advantage of seller’s delusions and greed and use their house as a prop to make another house look better. This makes agents look bad, and it makes sellers look bad.
“We’re definitely seeing it,” said Sandy Nichols Acevedo, an agent at Prudential California Realty in Oxnard. “Some people think they can go higher now because the market seems to be doing better.”
Greed and stupidity pretty much defines California real estate. And realtors certainly haven’t done anything to correct sellers misconceptions with their yearly bottom calling.!‘”
And buyers are that stupid? I guess if the high-end retailers can dupe people into overpaying, then realtors can do it too.
.”
It also does nothing to justify the price that is $150,000 lower, but stupid buyers don’t seem to understand that..
I wonder how many agents have to stop themselves from blurting out with laughter at some of the WTF asking prices people want for their properties.
It would be a great hidden camera show to invite agents over for a listing appointment and have a fake seller insist on an asking price more than double the market value just to see how agents react.
What happens to such listings? “Unless we’re using it for a setup,” Cornell said, “we stop showing it” until the seller agrees to lower the price to a sensible number.
Unless we’re using it for a setup? This guy is trying to sound reasonable and ethical while he admits to an dreadful practice..“
Yes, that’s exactly what agents are doing, and they don’t care! They have no ethics!.
Bait and switch is the compromise solution? In the real world, no seller is going to sign an agreement with an automatic price reduction. The seller’s reaction would be to tell the agent to do a better job. The reason the house isn’t selling is due to the agent’s lousy marketing. Most often, sellers will cling to their WTF asking prices for 90 days, and they will let the listing expire. Wiser agents will wait and go after the expired listings. After the first agent fails, the seller is often more motivated to list at a reasonable price. Any listing that does not sell within 90 days is usually a WTF listing price, and the agent who expended time, effort, and advertising resources on a WTF listing price gets the nothing they deserve.
.
And if your really lucky, I may profile the house as a WTF asking price award winner.
Not everyone is convinced the housing market has bottomed.
Radar Logic: Prices Show Monthly Gain, but Improvements Won’t Last
While other experts and analysts have concluded home prices are on the rise and the recovery is under way, Radar Logic released a report challenging the upbeat viewpoint.
“We believe that the oversupply of homes relative to demand will prevent sustained home price gains for some time,” the analytics firm stated.
The argument made by Radar Logic.
According to the RPX Composite price index, which tracks prices in 25 metropolitan areas, home values decreased by 0.8 percent year-over-year in April 2012 and increased by 2.7 percent from the month before in March 2012.
From April 2010 to April 2011, home prices made an even steeper drop at 5.2 percent, which shows prices have improved year-over-year despite the yearly decline in April 2012.
The report also noted that spring price appreciation has been strong in the West over the years, especially in Los Angeles, Phoenix, San Jose, and San Francisco.
Quinn Eddins, director of research at Radar Logic and author of the report, warns other temporary factors are helping with the gains.
.
The report explained that investor demand will eventually wane as returns for rent decreases. Also, warm weather this winter allowed for a head start into the buying season, so the early increase in demand will come at the expense of a slower buying season later unless new demand is created.
In addition to home prices, Eddins also takes a skeptical view of claims that low prices and low interest rates are making way for recovery.
Instead, he agrees with a recent article by Andrew Davidson and Alex Levin titled “Measuring Housing Affordability and Home Price equililbrium; Revisiting the Housing Bubble & Bust and HPI Modeling,” which expresses the view that when down payments and the availability of affordable mortgage products are taken into account, housing is not nearly as affordable as affordability indices suggest.
To ease or not to ease that is the question…at 11:30 PDT.
Fannie Mae: U.S., potential contagion in the euro zone from Greece’s financial issues, the slowing Chinese economy, and the potential of a fiscal drag in the United States. Consumer attitudes also influence the economic outlook.
“Consumers remain key to the overall outlook, as attitudes appear to be reaching a plateau after a few months of improvement early in the year. Loss of momentum in labor market conditions, sluggish income growth, and decreasing saving rates suggest that consumers may need to moderate spending unless income picks up,” the group said in a release.
While the slow pace of economic activity in the spring was not necessarily unexpected, the threat that outside risks present to the economy had an effect on the group’s forecast.
“For the third year in a row, we are experiencing a spring lull in economic activity,” said Doug Duncan, chief economist at Fannie Mae. “Our view is that the underlying resilience of the economy and of consumers in particular that has been demonstrated during the past couple of years will persist. However, the magnitude of the uncertainties surrounding the European debt crisis and our fiscal condition here in the U.S. implies that the risks to the outlook are clearly titled to the downside.”
Home sales have increased 8 percent year-over-year, with sales being bolstered by increased affordability and record low interest rates. However, it should be noted that the current “high” numbers are only an increase compared to depressed levels from 2011. The group maintains “cautious optimism” for the slow recovery of the housing market despite weak employment growth, rising student loans, and a continuing stream of foreclosed households.
Home price values have stabilized in recent months as the share of distressed sales has declined. Despite this trend, the group continues to expect that home prices will show a slight decline before bottoming out in the beginning of 2013.
Oil and gold markets signaling ‘not to ease’
*latest MBA weekly purchase apps down -8.51%
Do you think gold prices will rise with more easing?
There is a correlation due to the print element. But, the type of easing and scope of the paper market can skew-it so there are no certainties 😉
No printing this twisting….
QE 3 will happen after Operation Twist fails for a second time. I’m investing in gold and wheelbarrows.
As long as lenders have copious amounts of debt to write off, the pressure to print more money will be there. QE3 is a real possibility.
The problem with QE is it cost $2.43 for $1.00 of GDP. Not worth it. Ben has increased the national debt the same amount as the time between Ike and Clinton. Scary. No wonder gas cost $4.00/gallon and homes are 6:1 incomes. Too bad the government does not include fuel cost and other important items in the inflation number. Real inflation vs government reported inflation are not the same. The value of the dollar has been deteriorating for over 30 years. They need to:
1. Get rid of the FED
2. Stop fractional reserve lending
3. Have a currency backed by something (ie. gold, corn, wheat, silver, strippers, cocaine…whatever). Just anything that cannot be printed when governments get into trouble.
No outright QE3 unless we see oil around $40bbl.
I agree that Ben needs the market to go down before QE 3. He needs political cover before the continued devaluation of the dollar. I don’t think he will wait for oil at $40bbl though. Crude went to $40 in 2008-2009, but I don’t know if Ben will wait that long especially in an election year. In a secular bear market, the initial crash is usually the biggest. Here’s my projections for QE 3:
1. Crude: $55-60
2. Dow: 9,000-10,000
3. S&P 500: 1,000
Who knows.
The FHFA is caving in to lenders who want to pass all risk on to the US taxpayer.
FHFA Seeks to Limit Buybacks Afflicting BofA to PNC: Mortgages
The. (PNC) said June 12 it’s increasing reserves by $350 million to cover demands, while Bank of America Corp. (BAC),.
We are in 2012 and nothing really has changed.
“…The FHA will probably take a series of steps, such as specifying how quickly a borrower who’s gone through a short sale or foreclosure can qualify for a new FHA loan, she said…”
I’m guessing they’re not considering increasing the period required before eligibility for an FHA loan…
Can someone please explain this article in layman’s terms?
For example:
What’s a putback request?
What do they mean by ‘the investors’ technical requirements’ in the last paragraph? Are they talking about things like poor (or fraudulent) documentation? And if the loans didn’t meet the govt’s requirements, shouldn’t that be investigated for potential fraud on the parts of the banks, Fannie and Freddie, or both?
And what vintage of loans are they talking about – pre or post-2008 (or both)?
Thanks in advance!
Re: WTF pricing
I saw this strategy work in an area we are watching. The property in question was originally listed well above a recent closed sale of an identical property (the other property was right next door). We inquired about it and were advised by the seller’s agent not to make an offer below “X” or the sellers wouldn’t respond (“X” was still well above what the property next door sold for a couple of months ago). So, no offer from us.
The property then sat on the market for the next 4 months and the sellers dropped the listing $1.00 every month. No sale.
Then, unbelievably, the sellers RAISED the price $50,000. Headscratching. How do you list a property for 4 months, draw no interest at your price point and decide you are going to raise your price to an even higher WTF price? But, it seems to have worked as the property went into escrow last week after sitting at this higher price for the last month (and then the agent lowered the list back to the original list price for a reason I don’t understand).
Maybe the higher WTF price made the prior WTF price not so WTF…
Clearly, buyer beware would apply.
Reality is, prospective buyers are nothing more than a pawn on the sell-side gambling table.
The games realtors play with prices are amusing. My guess is the property went into escrow at a lower price. Also, the only reason it got any interest is the lack of inventory. Don’t be surprised to see the property fall out of escrow when it doesn’t appraise.
You didn’t see it work. You’re just surmising that’s what happened. Every day new buyers are added to the mix. Probably a ready, willing and able buyer for that house saw the listing and bought it.
Also, it’s a long shot but sometimes dramatically increasing the price puts it under the radar of a pool of higher priced buyers. Every time you move a price on the MLS you get new matches on the saved searches buyers agents have set up for their clients. You raise the price so the higher priced buyer gets the alert, then you move it back down so the system will send them a price reduction email alert.
If you’re interested in a property you need to be proactive. Sitting back watching it is a losing game. You need to contact the agent and if necessary the seller directly.
I have learned so much from this sight. I especially love the ponzi coverage.
How to make $$ in realestate –
Buy high sell low – nah
Buy, hold and rent – child’s play
Buy, extract, squat, bail – That’s how it’s done!
I too shall wait in earnest for the next bubble (I just gotta buy something before then)
“Buy, extract, squat, bail – That’s how it’s done!”
That really is the lesson most people learned from the housing bubble. Moral hazard is now the accepted norm for housing.
I think the WTF expression has officially extended to rents as well.
It was interesting to discover that the monthly rent on the property I just left 2 years ago WENT UP by over $300 per month. What a massive victory for my ex-landlord – the no-repair-making, absentee jerk that he was. Great scenario: longtime renter leaves, fix up the SFH joint, plenty of foreclosure meat to offer to, raise the rent, and presto.
Many Realtors are involved in these WTF rental transactions as well. At the current monthly rent, I would never have even looked to rent that SFH property 7 years ago.
Many have high ask rent, but what is the final real rent is hidden. Sometimes the monthly rent stays high and an extra or two months rent are kicked in, some pays for moving expense, etc.
It’s hard to price a house. I was one house that was on the market for over a year, starting very high with no offers, then lowering, lowering to a bidding war that produced near the original asking price. What I do know is that monthly payments that take 60% of the net pay is unsustainable and will make the economy ill.
QE3 is likely in the bag. See the stock market go up on all the bad news and gas prices down (some one likes BHO).
The old school formula is max. 32% for housing payments or 25% for rent.
I dunno, IR. The only way this easily works as an Evil Realtor Plot is if the listing agent is the same on both properties. That is, my friend Bob the Realtor Guy lists property A at $WTF and nearly identical property B down the bock at $TooMuch. Then he gets to pinball off A and sell B for $TooMuch.
Except…since he’s the agent on both properties, how does he (1) explain to the seller of B why he’s pricing his house way less than he’s pricing identical house A, and (2) explain to any buyer or buyer’s agent why he’s practically giving B away, but not A? Those both sound like difficult conversations to pull off without even the dimmest of buyer or seller smelling something rodentlike, no matter how gifted a bullshit artist Bob is.
You can easily pull this scheme off if you’re not the listing agent on both houses. That way, when the seller asks why you’re pricing his house at $TooMuch instead of $WTF, you can shrug your shourlders and say the agent for A is just nuts, who knows why? And when the buyer asks why B is so much better a deal than A, you can, again, shrug and blame the listing agent for A for being a clueless n00b.
That is, you could run this as a collusion, with the agent for A colluding with B, but then you’d figure the agent for A isn’t motivated to do that unless he gets a kickback from the agent for B. That’s probably illegal. More to the point, it’s complicated, and since the proceeds of one sale (even at $TooMuch) split two ways are probably less than the proceeds of two sales (even at $NotBad) — why bother?
Isn’t it possible all you’re mostly seeing is Mr. Smart Realtor taking advantage of Mr. Dumb Realtor’s WTF pricing? So Mr. Dump puts up a $WTF price. Mr. Smart wants to sell $TooMuch, so he pinballs off of Mr. Dumb’s mistake. Aggressive, to be sure, but business is business. I can’t fault a listing agent for trying to get all the market will bear for his client — and I trust that any I employ will be just as aggressive and creative in doing so. Furthermore, the only long-term effect is that Mr. Smart routinely steals Mr. Dumb’s lunch, and eventually Mr. Dumb goes out of business. That doesn’t seem like a bad thing.
It won’t work because the house won’t appraise. Simple as that. That’s why it’s not done and this article is complete nonsense.
If you bothered to read the article carefully, you should note that realtors are the ones describing the practice, not me. If you think the article is nonsense, perhaps you should contact the LA Times and set them straight.
WTF pricing?
As I am not a lawyer, will someone please explain to me how such a thing as a created sale or price is legal? Especially if intentional! What are the laws of price fixing and manipulation?
How can anyone say something is a certain percentage off a price they just made up? Isn’t that fraud? Or something else? Something more?
WTF pricing is an asking price so high, so far above market, that it actually makes buyers giggle. It’s one thing to be priced at or just above recent comps, but some listings are so overpriced that the seller should be embarrassed. That’s a WTF price, and in California, sellers have lost any sense of shame over their delusions and greed.
This article is pandering to those who want to believe there’s some sort of evil conspiracy. It’s BS. Overpriced listings don’t get traffic. Period. When a buyer says for example they can only afford a house between 300-400k, the agent will search within those parameters. If the house is over 400k it simply won’t show up in the search and won’t be shown. Realtors don’t waste their time taking people to overpriced listings. If anything, accuse Realtors of being too lazy to call the agents of overpriced listings and ask them to try to talk some sense into the seller. Of course there’s always a few fools who play an unproductive game like that but not many. It’s a total waste of time. Anchor pricing strategies may work with purses or women’s shoes but not with houses.
What this article is really saying is that the public is totally stupid for falling for something like that. These days they’re not. Most people search on their own before they choose an agent. That’s the reality. If one home out of ten is overpriced it means nothing to a buyer. The only value in showing an overpriced house is if it’s overpriced because it’s over improved. In that case it gives the buyer a chance to see what a similar house would look like after they put some money into it. It doesn’t help your readers to print what they want to hear. What helps is printing the truth.
What realtors do is show a property within the buyers price range that is overpriced to show how much more value they get with another property. If the buyer is looking in the $300K to $400K price range, a realtor will show a property worth $250K that is currently priced at $350K to show the contrast.
[…] 2010 Au invatat si ajentii de prin America ce stiau ajentii mioritici de multa vreme:…ook-reasonable 28501524 | "Sunt un om educat peste medie, cand spun ceva cei din jur ma asculta, unii […]
I don’t know if those guys are idiots. They seemed to have extracted more then a million in about 8 years and then got a year free of rent.
If they banked that money they are in very good shape today. Probably can by an equal house for half a million cash and then spend the other half however they want.Duke’s struggling to fix the Tower one good arm while she fights larvae with… yeah, she’s in trouble.
[excerpt] Errand Girl for the Dead part 3
Building the Writing Life
Duke’s struggling to fix the Tower one good arm while she fights larvae with… yeah, she’s in trouble.
The […] […]
I.!
Over Specifications:
System
Windows XP/Vista/Windows 7/Windows 8, CD-ROM
or
Mac OS X 10.4 or later, CD-ROMNever miss a great news story!Get instant notifications from Economic TimesAllowNot now
Prime Minister Narendra Modi recieved French President Hollande at Rock Garden of Chandigarh.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.- Give-Aways & Offers
- Monthly Must Do's
- DIY Project Ideas
- Step-by-Step Guides
- Inspirational Photo Galleries
If the water pressure is just fine in other areas of the house, your shower head probably has a clogged nozzle. Unscrew the head and soak it in a vinegar-water solution. If that doesn’t work, you may need to invest in a new shower head.
Related: 10 Quick Fixes for a More Refreshing Shower
We'll send you an email as soon as Bob Vila Academy launches
Enroll now and learn DIY basics from the next generation of home improvement expertsWhat do you need to know about Bob’s Burgers #8? I don’t know, but there is a sneak peek, after the jump that might give you an idea of what happens in this week’s issue.
Bob’s Burgers #8
writer: : Mark Von der Heide, Jeff Drake, and more
artist: Tom Connor, Maggie Harbaugh,Krystal Fleming, Jennyfer Maria
covers: Hector Reynoso (a), Tyler Garrison (b)
Fans & retailers, order the cover of your choice!
FC • 32 pages • $3.99 • Teen+!
via Dynamite EntertainmentMy loves! I write this post to you as I sit and wait to board my train to none other than the amazing LONDON. If you have been following along on Insta-story you would have seen by now that for the last 5 days I have been exploring my city love of PARIS for Paris Fashion week! Because I am feeling so inspired by this city of fashion, I wanted to come to you loves with my favorite color trend of 2017: pink!There are 54 other bartenders who Julian Short from Sin Tax bar in Rosebank will have to outshine to become the Diageo Reserve World Class Bartender 2017 winner.
He’s already in Mexico to compete in the event and the winner will be announced on Sunday 26 August.
Finalists.
Johanna Dalley the World class Director says: “This is the biggest and best bartending competition in the world and biggest world class competition yet.
“The cocktail revolution is booming and these bartenders are leading the way. Expect to see the pinnacle of bartending creations and new trends which will set the cocktail agenda for months and years to come.”
If you want to cheer for Short, you can log onto a live stream of the event atThe images of Io we have seen in recent years show a violently active little world. Its volcanoes and amazing surface bearing witness to its proximity to Jupiter and its powerful gravitational field. However there is another interaction that this satellite has with its planet, the interaction with its magnetosphere.
The interaction causes strong radio storms, and when the Earth is in the path of these directional emissions it is possible to observe them.
Ideally you would use a communications receiver with the automatic gain control (AGC) switched off, however it is possible to listen to these signals with any decent shortwave broadcast receiver. There is a "quiet band" set aside for radio astronomy between 25.55 and 25.67 MHz that may be used for this purpose, but any frequency clear of man-made signals or interference between 20 and 30 MHz is suitable. Many people use 21.0 MHz if it is clear in their part of the world.
You will also require a suitable antenna. Some people say that a small loop antenna will work, however we have to admit that our tests do not substantiate this and we would recommend using a half wave dipole - a simple design is provided.
NASA's Project Radio Jove and the Radio Sky Publishing CD will provide software for predicting likely times of Jovian radio storms and recording software. In addition Project Radio Jove can supply a receiver design or even a kit if you wish to build one for yourself.
We would recommend that you listen to samples of the types of storm, although if you hear something like waves breaking on a shingle beach you are probably listening to Jupiter.
Because the signals have wavelengths in the tens of metres, they are know as Jovian Decametric emissions. You will find a number of related sites in our links database .
These frequencies also contain radio emissions from the Sun and the Galaxy, but it has to be said that man-made interference is a great problem.Of all of the question and answer websites on the internet, I have become particularly fond of Quora. I can’t, however, go a day without being asked a question that compares the brain to computers. I find myself wanting to give them the answers that they expect….”The brain has a memory capacity of approximately 2.5 petabytes”, ”The brain computes at a speed of 20 petaflops”, ”the brain uses less than 1/100,000th power of the world’s most powerful computer per unit of processing power,” et cetera. The problem with this is that these answers are fundamentally wrong. As entertaining as it is to draw comparisons between two obvious computing machines, they compute by two unrecognizably different methods. Those differences make memory, processing power, and power consumption very difficult to compare in real quantities. The comparison is so tempting because of how easy it is to compare one model of a traditional computer to another…processor clock speed, bus capacity, ram size, hard drive type and size, and graphics card are all easily compared features of traditional computers. But the brain is not a traditional computer (it turns out this isn’t as obvious as it seems). In fact, it nearly does the brain, and all those trying to understand it, a disservice to compare it to modern computers. It would be better to describe the brain as a collection of filters. In the context of a filter, it is much easier to understand and perhaps even measure brain memory, speed, and power consumption.
Why not a Computer?
I don’t intend to be misleading—we all know that our brains compute. I merely wish to help clear up common misconceptions that stem from our constant desire to draw comparisons between the brain and computers as we know them. Perhaps the problems are only semantic, but I believe that the confusion is much more fundamental than that and even learning some basics about the brain has failed, for most, to be illuminating. Let’s identify a few characteristics of computers that are irrelevant to the kind of computing we see in a human brain.
Computer memory is like a bucket.
Not only is it like a bucket but it is located apart from the processor. In neural structures, memory is “stored” in the connections between cells—the network adds and deletes these stores by changing the strengths of these connections, adding or removing them altogether. This is a stark contrast to how computer memory works…in brief, some process contains pieces of information. These pieces, depending on their type, require a certain number of buckets of computer memory. The process tells the machine this number and shuttles the information there in a series of binaries, where they are written in a very particular place on a disk. When needed again, these bytes are read back into the machine. If our brain had to work like this it would mean we would constantly need to write down things we needed to remember…including how to move, control our muscles, see, hear, etc. This simply wouldn’t work quickly or efficiently enough for many of the things that we do with ease.
Computer processors are like an electric abacus.
Processors do very, very simple tasks very, very quickly. Perhaps a better analogy would be to compare processors to a horse-race. Processors compute simple tasks by sending them (horses) around a circuit. Because tasks can only move so quickly, companies like Intel, Qualcomm, and AMD have systematically found ways to both make many more tracks, and shrink the tracks down until they are tremendously small (so the horses don’t have as far to run). While this is very fast, every time a computer needs to solve a problem (even the same problem) it must send the horses around the track again. Brains work in a very different manner. Imagine, instead of a horse-race, an engineer who is attempting to build a million very complicated devices from a set of blueprints. Similarly, the brain works very hard to understand the plans but then constructs an efficient process (likely a factory) that doesn’t require pulling apart the plans every time a new device needs to be made. Once the brain takes the time to learn how to do something, it doesn’t forget easily, and the task becomes much, much easier to execute; in contrast, processors have to be told how to do every thing, every time.
Computers don’t do anything until they are told.
Even computer programs that run forever need to be executed, or started by a user. Your brain, however, is constantly buzzing with activity. Sensory information is constantly being pinged around in the brain and even when we shut off as much stimuli as possible (when we are asleep, for example) we see the same old areas light up in response to recombined or previously experienced stimuli.
Computers are not dynamic systems.
Perhaps this is just an extension of the idea that computers don’t do anything until they are told, but computers don’t adapt without being programmed to. Adaptation is not an inherent feature of computers. Brains, however, have ingrained and natural processes that allow them to adapt to stimuli over time. At the level of the neuron this is expressed in spike-time dependent plasticity and in “neural sculpting”—neurons tend to strengthen connections that cause them to fire action potentials and weaken those that don’t. This is called spike-time dependent plasticity. Over time, weakened connections may fall off altogether resulting in the phenomenon described as “neural sculpting”.
The Brain is a Collection of Filters
By now you may still be wondering what the picture above has to do with all of this. There are three important components to this image: an input signal (chicken parts), a system (black box), and an output signal (a whole chicken). Inside of the black box (our system in question) there must be some process that assembles chickens from their respective parts. Perhaps interestingly, the box is typically portrayed as black because when we first encounter a system, we probably don’t immediately understand how it works (we haven’t yet shined a light inside). When we consider the brain, we don’t immediately understand how it works, but we have a pretty fundamental understanding of how neurons work and so we have some bit of light to help us see inside the black box of the brain. Somewhat like the editors of a gossip magazine, neurons “listen” to the chattering of other neurons in the brain and when one piece of information sounds particularly meaningful, it presses publish on its own packet of information by firing an action potential. As nearly all good magazines editors do, they learn to determine what is good enough to publish and what is not. Neurons edit, over time, which inputs they prefer and they tend to respond preferentially to them by becoming more sensitive; conversely, they become less sensitive to other inputs that are less important. In this way, neurons, affectively, filter out some signals and amplify others. Interestingly, neurons typically have many more connections with their neighbors than with neurons across town in other regions of the brain; this suggests that not only do neurons act as filters on their own, but they allow their neighbors to offer an opinion on when it is the right time to fire an action potential. If you think these network characteristics are sounding eerily like a suburban America, you aren’t alone. Neuroscientists have found many features of biological neural networks to be analogous to social networks…though this only brings home the reality that these unique features seem to exponentially increase the complexity of the functioning.When on two walls we made this room feel bigger, as well as actually making it physically bigger. Small rooms call for full usage of their vertical space. In this case, the ceiling is 9′ 6″ high. Ordinarily a room this size wouldn’t have a built in closet. By putting a loft we here able to incorporate an open air closet for maximum utility, and a nice sized sink with counter, while still keeping the south half of the room unobstructed.
One oak leg holds up the counter which is otherwise anchored to the brick wall and the interior wall.
We raised the level of the floor 1/2″ with plywood and another 3/4″ with hardwood flooring, so the radiator required some extension pieces level out with the new floor. This was the original radiator just refurbished.
I placed this ceiling fan tight into this corner to avoid conflict with getting in and out of the loft. Also, the placement above the radiator and between the windows allows for maximum movement ofGingham Gal Top
$58.00
Product Details
As we all know by now, Gingham is a must-have this summer! We love the fresh black and white color of this top and the accenting ruffled detail. This top is perfect for any occasion ESPECIALLY game day attire! It is SO soft, light, cool, stretchy, and opaque -- it's basically perfect! It's a must to add to your closet, trust me! Fit is true to size.
- Color: Black/White
- Fabric: Cotton/Nylon/Spandex
- Hand Wash
- Hang to DryMajor Bust = Major Victory Jan 20, 2006 9:04:56 GMT -4 Quote Select PostDeselect PostLink to PostMemberGive GiftBack to Top Post by IAMCAPER on Jan 20, 2006 9:04:56 GMT -4 Sydney Mines - The fight against crime scored a major victory on the Northside Thursday with the seizure of drugs and guns and the arrest of suspects believed to be involved in two armed robberies and an attempted armed robbery.“Our drug and patrol officers were staking out a known drug residence in Sydney Mines to conduct a controlled Drugs and Substance Act search warrant,” said Cape Breton Regional Police North Division Staff Sgt. Paul Jobe.“At the time, the two suspects from the three robberies showed up. One was arrested in the residence, the other inside a taxi.”Three others, two females and a male, were arrested in the home and taken into police custody.Along with cocaine and a variety of pills, police seized a number of shotguns, sawed off shotguns and handguns, a variety of electronic equipment, a motorcycle, all-terrain vehicle, dirt bike, stolen goods and various other items from the home.In addition to its own investigation, police also received a number of anonymous calls through Crime Stoppers from people of the community who appear to be tired of having to deal with crime in their neighborhoods.“We have a lot of experienced drug and major crime officers working in our patrol section here in North Division. We had our patrols from Central and North, GIS, forensics, major crime and the K-9 unit, everyone was out on this one and this is the way it works,” Jobe said.“Our people are actively collecting intelligence, which includes tips we received from the community. Street crime (unit) takes the lead in this, but everyone plays a role, especially our patrol officers. The two parties in the robberies and the drug search are all known to police.”The investigation is continuing into an armed robbery at M&M Convenience Store, Regent Street, North Sydney around 7:30 p.m. Wednesday. While investigating this call, police responded to an attempted armed robbery at the Esso in Little Bras d’Or around 6:30 a.m. Thursday. Barely two hours later the call came in about an armed robbery at the Pierce Street Dairy in North Sydney.The K-9 unit was quick to respond.Const. Kevin Gillis and his police dog Pax could be seen searching the streets and the area around the North Sydney Mall where police located a stolen vehicle, believed to be one of two involved in the robberies.Sgt. John O’Rourke, head of the street crime and drug section, and a team of officers conducted an extensive search of a house on Lamond Street in Sydney Mines.“As a result of information from the patrol officers in North Division, (officers) executed a warrant that resulted in the arrest of two females and two males along with the owner of the home,” O’Rourke said. “We seized a variety of drugs and numerous weapons, all loaded and ready to go.”No charges have yet been laid with respect to the drug search or the armed robberies.The police investigation is continuing.La tendance déco rustique de Maisons du Monde pour lAutomne-Hiver - There must be a better way to add interest to the walls vs. skulls and horns. No one needs antlers except the animals they came from.
photo by - cactus and succulent kind of a day and my african bwa butterfly mask found a perfect spot on by Justina Blakeney for.
reclaimed wood (from an old oak floor in houston!) art pieces by bri land
Achieving the ‘Effortless Casual’ Style: Wall Art - Emily Henderson
Random Inspiration about hanging chair, capable of providing an air of lightness to the entire room.
Last day of Decor Design. This is our brand new linen slip cover, Zulu Modular Sofa feather filled, so soft, relaxed and luxurious.once you sit, you don't get up!
Living Room White Sofa Wooden Coffee Table Blue Flower Vase Cream Area Rug Abstact Painting Black Wooden Chair Black Swing Arm Stand Light Green Plant Basic Rules To Style Industrial Living Room
Nomad black and white cushions by MokumHotels near Great Orme Tramway
Search hotels near Great Orme Tramway in Llandudno
Collect 10 nights, get 1 free night
And look out for Secret Prices on select hotels....
Run time: 3 hours
- Retail Trade: CD, Download, MP3-CD
- Library Editions: CD
Blythe Woolston
Biography:
Blythe Woolston‘s first novel, The Freak Observer, won the William C. Morris Debut Fiction Award. About Black Helicopters, she says, ”Suicide bombings shock me and confuse me. What triggers that decision? What makes a person become a weapon? It‘s a terrible choice — a terrorist‘s choice — but it is also the choice of a human being with a mind and a heart and a life before that moment. Every suicide bomber is a human being, just like me. When I understood that, I started writing Black Helicopters.“ Blythe Woolston lives in Billings, Montana..The in my gluten-free diet.
While I don’t go crazy and eat a ton of corn products, I do enjoy a good corn chip on occasion and in moderation. That crunch. That hint of salt. That yummy taste. Who doesn’t love a good corn chip!?!
So when The Better Chip® company offered to send me some of its chips to try, I was up for the challenge. In fact, they offered to send me a whole lotta chips! Five flavors to be exact, including Chipotles, Jalapeños, Beets, Corn, and Spinach & Kale. Each flavor is clearly marked “naturally gluten-free,” is GMO-free, and is made by cooking real vegetables inside the double-corn masa chip.
What further caught my eye is that The Better Chip® company says its chips go from farm-to-chip in one week, and each chip is packed with ingredients I easily recognize and can pronounce. As a religious label-reader, this is a relief to not have to decode a bag of corn chips!
One afternoon I decided to go for it! I opened all the chip bags and dove right in – tasting each chip and savoring the flavor profile of each crunchy bite. The Beets flavored chip offered up the sweetest taste (would be great paired with my mango salsa recipe), while the Chipotles and Jalapenos left my mouth on fire (if you like spicy – go for either of these chips!!). The Spinach & Kale proved to be the most “vegetable” tasting chip (perhaps an acquired taste?), while the Corn with sea salt gave the best crunch and tasted most like a tortilla chip.
My verdict: These chips are great… truly great! They are made by a company that takes pride in its ingredients and craftsmanship without sacrificing taste, texture or crunch. My favorite is the plain Corn with sea salt – it can be paired with a yummy side of guacamole (try my easy, gluten-free guacamole recipe) or gluten-free jarred salsa.
The Better Chip® company takes a lot of pride in how it makes its chips and the ingredients used. Watch the “See How It’s Made” video on The Better Chip® website. A refreshing look at a company that cares!
You can buy The Better Chip® on Amazon (affiliate link) or find a location near you using the location finder on its website. Hope you enjoy these round, crunchy chips as much as I did!Daily Mail Fails Madeleine - 1
Madeleine Beth McCann missing since 3rd May 2007 is, according to the evidence and findings of the police investigative team in Portugal, most likely dead, having met her fate on this same night, the FIFTH night which her parents (according to the statements they the McCann parents gave to police) abandoned her alone in the unlocked holiday apartment in Portugal together with her two year old twin siblings.
At the time she was reported as missing, she was days short of her 4th birthday.
It is believed that the child died in the apartment during a period when the child was left alone by the parents. It is further believed her parents played a part in the crimes against this child (that is out with the obvious neglect of their children) by concealing her body.
The McCanns and their holiday companions have not, contrary to some extremely dishonest reporting by the press in the UK been cleared of any or all involvement in the crimes committed against young Madeleine McCann. That is not to say that they are guilty of involvement, quite simply it means it is the case, that at some point in the future it may transpire that sufficient and robust evidence showing involvement may be uncovered which will cause charges to be brought against them, and or others, the supporting evidence enough for the prosecutor to proceed with confidence that a conviction in a Court of Law will be the end result.
Not being charged at this point in time, does not equal innocence. Not for the McCanns, their holiday companions, or anyone else who may have committed crimes against the child. And until such time as they, the McCann party co-operate fully with police and are formally eliminated beyond all doubt, we, or rather they, cannot claim that they have been cleared of involvement in their daughter's disappearance..
And much doubt there is...
The Assistant Chief Constable of Leicestershire Police stated that there is NO CLEAR EVIDENCE THAT ELIMINATES THEM FROM INVOLVEMENT IN MADELEINE’S DISAPPEARANCE.
It doesn't come any clearer, more simple or plainer than that!
Perhaps he reached this conclusion due to the fact that they would not fully co-operate with police authorities in that they refused to answer when questioned by police. That they and their holiday companions refused to assist police by not taking part in a reconstruction of the events of that night which would almost certainly have allowed the police to ascertain exactly what did happen on that fateful night, allowed the police to establish whether the content of their police witness statements was accurate or not, as quite astonishingly, they contradicted themselves, changed their minds as to what happened many times. In fact, they lied, and of course had they co-operated with police it WOULD HAVE ALLOWED FOR THE INVESTIGATION TO REMAIN OPEN.
It was their refusal to assist police, their failure in not returning to Portugal to participate in a reconstruction of events of the night the child was reported as missing, and more crucially Kate and Gerry McCann allowing the deadline date for the shelving of this case to 'expire' without it being challenged by them that gave the Portuguese Police no other choice but to shelve the case.
Goncalo Amaral -
"I remind you that they "demanded" the archiving of the process, in 2008, when they were arguidos, merely to defend their image. They are not interested in the re-opening of the process or of the investigation."
The original investigation Goncalo Amaral said was 'incomplete' due to the refusal of the McCanns and their companions to co-operate.
The McCanns are ‘lawyered’ to the hilt.
One of the first companies they chose from the very first and early days of Madeleine’s disappearance was to employ extradition lawyers
Carter Ruck. (please see note 'Correction')
A ‘fighting fund’ high on their agenda, this to be set up to pay for legal fees for their own personal protection! Not a jot to do with finding their daughter Madeleine, simply ensuring they had monies to protect themselves.
Kate McCanns uncle Brian Kennedy speaking in May 2007 stated that the Fund could be used for all sorts of reason but “Mainly for legal expenditure.” And this but days after the child vanished.
Not a mention of it being used MAINLY to enable them to launch a search for Madeleine. Clearly the order of importance was legal fees first.
This is a couple who it is believed were strapped for cash at the time of Madeleine’s disappearance, (they made mortgage payments due on their home at this time from the Fund monies donated by public. When this was made public knowledge, this avenue was made closed to them) clearly if they did not have the means to make regular mortgage payments on their home from their own personal finances, they had had no means to pay for such expensive and high profile lawyers, and in such numbers, both here and in Portugal. But more questioningly, why did they feel the need?
Not exactly what one would expect of the innocent parents of a missing child. One of their first thoughts to employ lawyers for the purpose they did and a Fund to meet the costs.
One can only therefore assume they sought the advice of
Carter Ruck in not returning to Portugal to assist police with the investigation re their missing daughter when requested by Portuguese police to do so.
But what valid and justifiable reason could
Carter Ruck or any other on the formidable McCann team of lawyers have for advising their innocent clients to not return to Portugal to assist police, to help Madeleine their missing child?
I am no legal eagle, my knowledge of the law limited to say the least but it suggests that their legal team were not confident in the McCanns and their companions being able to carry out, demonstrate an honest and credible or convincing re-enactment of the night Madeleine vanished! And who could blame them? We must not forget (and I'm sure
Carter Ruck didn't) that their clients, the McCanns made their own little documentary which included their version of events, and it WAS NOT true to the police files. Not true to what they had told police in their witness statements.
For them, to then have to re-enact what they had originally told the police would without question throw up a red flag. Their dishonesty, their misleading the public by producing the documentary which they did, clear for the police to see. It was not possible for them to co-operate, comply with and stick to the content of their original statements given to the police without landing themselves in a whole lot of trouble. The differences between their own 'made for television' re-enactment and that which the police would expect them to take part in, as documented in the files, they had to avoid at all costs. Not least as it may have led to charges being brought against them when certain matters perhaps were uncovered. So
Carter Ruck, and others on the McCann legal team, one could understand their apprehension, their not being overly confident if at all, that their clients the McCanns, and their companions, some or all of them, would not be charged in connection with Madeleine's disappearance had they taken part in a reconstruction of events.
Looks like their legal advisers were simply not prepared to take the risk!
Astonishing though that the innocent parents of a missing child would act as they did and still do in not fully co-operating with police, and still employing the many lawyers which they do, both in the UK and in Portugal, formidable legal teams costing £hundreds of thousands which the ordinary man on the street could never dream of being able to employ at such costs should they ever find themselves in need.
Astonishing too that with a £multi million case Review by the Metropolitan police that they still feel the need to 'hold on to' this very costly team of lawyers, extradition and other.
Astonishing also that they still feel the need for the Fund which they ask the public to support?
Monies to pay for the service of these high profile lawyers come at the expense of the Madeleine Fund set up we are told to find the child. The Fund is in part made up from the £m’s kindly donated by the public to find the child, not given to legally defend the McCann couple in supporting the refusals by them, and their holiday companions to assist police which clearly fails the child.
It only takes for one to have a quick read of the witness statements available online for readers to have this confirmed the cruel refusals by Madeleine’s parents, and their companions to help her in this regard.
Their stories as told to police did not add up that is for sure. They did not give honest accounts regarding the checking of their children, all of their police witness statements riddled with holes.
Is this the reason they refused to help the child, they knew absolutely they had not been entirely truthful, that they knew their police witness statements could not withstand scrutiny?
Is this the reason they endeavoured from the earliest moment after the disappearance of the child to ensure they had such a team of lawyers, and why they needed so badly to raise funds to pay for their personal protection?
It was imperative that this group of holidaymakers, the McCann party, returned to Portugal to allow the Portuguese Police to continue with the investigation to discover what became of Madeleine. To allow the police to witness being demonstrated for the purpose of the investigation, the group re-enact the timeline of events, their movements on that fateful night so that matters relating to this case could be firmly established.
I don’t know of any innocent parent who would refuse to assist police in the investigation of their missing child.
Whichever way one looks at this, no matter IF (and based on the information available it appears to be a big 'IF') the McCanns and their holiday companions are free of all INVOLVEMENT in the disappearance of this child (neglect of the children apart, which quite evidently and shockingly took place (and was a contributing factor to the child's disappearance) that is, if they have been honest in their accounts, and extent of the atrocious harm they caused ALL of these children by ill - treating them in the manner they themselves claim to have done – under Portuguese Law – the Crime of Abandonment committed by this group of people against the children) to ALL onlookers, their reluctance or rather downright refusal to assist police, in essence refusing to help Madeleine is MORE than disturbing. Add to this their stories (police witness statements) which absolutely do NOT add up and which they are apparently not prepared to explain, and being lawyered to the hilt both in the UK and Portugal...?
It therefore comes as no surprise that not only the police both in Portugal and the UK, but the general public (that is those who genuinely care about discovering what became of this child - not those who ignore the glaringly obvious facts, who ignore the contents of the police witness statements as given by the McCann holiday party - and wish only, that the perpetrators of the crimes committed against Madeleine are brought to justice, are very suspicious of the McCanns and their companions, suspicious as to their ‘account’ of the events of the night Madeleine vanished, thus far without trace, and indeed suspicious of the events which led up to the day of 3rd May 2007.
It is no surprise that their failure, the McCanns and that of their companions to assist police resulted in the following statements by both Portuguese Police and Leicestershire Police in the UK.
The Assistant Chief Constable of Leicestershire police in reference to Gerry and Kate McCann:
“While one or both of them may be innocent, there is NO clear evidence that eliminates them from involvement in Madeleine’s disappearance.”
And in relation to the McCann group as a whole the Portuguese Police had this to say:
‘If these witness statements do not TOTALLY EXCLUDE THE POSSIBILITY OF AN ABDUCTION they make the theory LESS credible. As a result, the answer MUST lie elsewhere. Notably WITH THE GROUP OF FRIENDS (PARENTS INCLUDED.)
Carolos Anjos, Association of Police Investigators:
“They said that every half hour they would go and look in on the children, and ALL of them, we found in EVERYBODY’S statement some questions that suggest that actually they DIDN’T go and see the children.”
Whatever reasons the Leicestershire Assistant Police Chief Constable and the Portuguese Police had for issuing the statements they did, it sure wasn't because they were confident or believed the McCanns, and their companions to be squeaky clean in the disappearance of this child.
Quite obviously BOTH police forces felt there was and is MUCH left which remains to be answered by this group of people which would assist in discovering the perpetrators of the crimes against Madeleine.
Quite obvious the police both here in UK (Leicester) and Portugal believe that the missing piece of the puzzle which Kate and Gerry McCann keep harping on about - they and their holiday companions hold!
Seems though they are not for 'giving it up.’ Not without a fight!
One has to ask why?
If they truly wish the perpetrators to be caught and brought to justice to save another child from the same fate they claim as befell Madeleine, as the McCanns persist in stating, to have the possible chance however remote of Madeleine being found alive - just simply - WHY?
Kate and Gerry McCann keep telling us that the abductor is still 'out there.'
No member of the public will argue with that.
The Metropolitan police say the culprits are in the police files.
No member of the public will argue with that either.
Neither will the Portuguese Police - they know, and have known this for a very long time that whoever removed this child from apartment 5A is most definitely still out there.
Stlll in their sights?
Now it would be more than unbelievable if the Metropolitan Police were in disagreement on the above issues raised by their fellow officers in Leicestershire, and Portuguese police force also.
Astonishing too if they disagreed, disputed the findings of the police dogs Eddie and Keela used in this case.
These dogs have “spoken” and it is a FACT that what they had to “say” was not ‘incredibly unreliable’ unlike the police witness statements given to police by:
Gerald McCann, Kate Healy McCann, Matthew Oldfield,
Rachael Oldfield, David Payne, Fiona Payne, Jane Tanner, Russel O’Brien, and Dianne Webster!
The lack of confidence shown by Leicestershire police and Portuguese Police in the McCann party police witness statements demonstrates they consider them to be neither, credible or reliable!
Pretty damn well damning in fact!
Funny how the Daily Mail forgot to mention this little lot in their latest piece re the Metropolitan Police/Madeleine McCann Case Review?
They did however include the claim that Scotland Yard have 20 suspects up their sleeves, but that, as we all know is nowt more than a repeat of the nonsense – the Mail and others spouted in their recent INCREDIBLY UNRELIABLE articles regarding the Madeleine case. There is as much chance of the Met having twenty suspects as there is, the twenty suspects being stuffed up my jumper!
Now nine suspects -and maybe we're talking!
Perhaps the Daily Mail should take the advice of Gerry McCann and ask the dogs, get their sworn testimony before embarking on their next piece?
I’m certain the dogs will tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help them dogs!
Will Gerry McCann do likewise be as reliable if re-questioned by police?
If he's wise he will, else those dogs will be forever barking at his heels! He can rely on that!
And, perhaps the DNA markers count will be interpreted differently shall we say, though not 'lost in translation' (as the McCanns and their supporters would have the public believe regarding certain aspects of the case_if the Metropolitan Police are in fact to become more involved in this case allowing them greater powers of investigation, and if the case reaches Court in the UK with UK citizens being charged with crimes against Madeleine?
Is any of that possible - I wouldn't know - but someone will!
------------
Many thanks to the observant reader who pointed out my mistake (I blame it on my recent holiday, too much sun, brain still frazzled, well that is my story and I'm sticking to it.)
Carter Ruck are the libel lawyers
l-azzeri-lies-in-the-sun.com
20th June 2013Hamlet interpretation essay
Essay Hamlet Literary Analysis - Stages of Grief. As soon as Hamlet discovers that his dear friends are “unequivocal sponges of the King, he can release his anger. Get free homework help on William Shakespeare's Hamlet: play summary, scene summary and analysis and original text, quotes, essays, character analysis, and. Essays and criticism on William Shakespeare's Hamlet. sanity has become a major issue in the interpretation of Hamlet essay we will discuss. Read a band 6 Hamlet Essay. To what extent does your interpretation. provided that full and clear credit is given to Matrix Education and www.
Vi ville gerne vise dig en beskrivelse her, men det websted, du kigger på, tillader det ikke. Hamlet Analysis Essays: Over 180,000 Hamlet Analysis Essays, Hamlet Analysis Term Papers, Hamlet Analysis Research Paper, Book Reports. 184 990 ESSAYS, term and. Essay on punjab youth festival 2014 bookings order dissertation online uk quiz. Research papers william coyle joe law 16th edition ebook Research papers william coyle. Detailed information on Shakespeare's Hamlet from scholars and editors.
Hamlet interpretation essay
Hamlet essays are academic essays for citation. These papers were written primarily by students and provide critical analysis of Hamlet by William Shakespeare. Detailed information on Shakespeare's Hamlet from scholars and editors. SOURCE: Simon, Bennett. “Hamlet and the Trauma Doctors: An Essay at Interpretation.” American Imago 58, no. 3 (2001): 707-22. [In the following essay, Simon.
This essay hopes to properly interpret this most memorable. Much of the vast literature on this play has concentrated on the interpretation of Hamlet’s. Free essays on Hamlet available at echeat.com, the largest free essay community. Suggested essay topics and study questions for William Shakespeare's Hamlet. Perfect for students who have to write Hamlet essays. It is debatable whether or not Hamlet is one of the greatest dramatic characters ever made. The moment we are introduced to Hamlet, many readers can recognize his.
Carlos Jalomo PD/AM English My Interpretation The interpretation I did was on lines 52-89 of act III scene I. This begins with Hamlet’s famous quote “To be. Critical approaches to Hamlet. Carolyn Heilbrun published an essay on Hamlet in 1957. we are trying to grasp Hamlet. Whatever interpretation we walk. Essays and criticism on William Shakespeare's Hamlet - Essays the question of Hamlet's underlying sanity has become a major issue in the interpretation of Hamlet.. Keys to Interpretation of Hamlet. Interpretation of the King in Shakespeare's Hamlet Essay - Interpretation of the King in Hamlet Shakespeare’s. Sample of Hamlet Essay (you can also order custom written Hamlet essay.
Nyc homework helpline Hamlet Analysis Essay masters thesis erik auf der heide results section of a research paper. Carl Jung is an expert in freudian theory but with a strong sense of the unconscious and its habit of revealing itself in symbolic form. His personality theory “The. Suggested essay topics and study questions for William Shakespeare's Hamlet. Perfect for students who have to write Hamlet essays. Hamlet and the Trauma Doctors: An Essay at Interpretation Bennett Simon American Imago, Volume 58, Number 3, Fall 2001, pp. 707-722 (Article) Published by Johns.
Media:
The companies that offer expert well drilling service know exactly what they’re doing, which is important because this is one job that you should never attempt on your own. Well drilling is a messy job but it is also one that requires a certain amount of expertise in order to be done right. These companies hire well-trained technicians who know the ins and outs of all types of systems and whether you are a homeowner or a business owner, they will make sure that they do a reliable job every time.
Being Able to Depend on Them Is Crucial
Being able to rely on the company that offers your well drilling service is important because if they make any mistakes, you are the one who will suffer for it. Drilling for a water well is a detail-oriented job that requires experience and know-how. If you visit websites such as Casolawelldrillers.com, they go into detail about their products and services as well as the company itself so you can learn what you need to learn to feel confident about contacting them.
Making Sure You Are Happy in the End
Companies that drill wells for homeowners and business owners want you to be satisfied with their services when they’re done because they want you to think of them if you should ever need any type of repairs or basic maintenance services in the future. A good well drilling service performed by an experienced company is priceless and whether you need geothermal services, basic well drilling, or even test wells or wells for firefighting purposes, they can accommodate you every time. They offer high-quality services and free quotes, not to mention competitive prices that make their services easy to afford. They do all this because they want you to be happy with everything they provide to you and they work hard to make sure this happens every time you work with them.Tomorrow it's time for one of the best yearly meteor showers, the Perseid meteor shower. The best time to view the Perseids is when the sky is the darkest and it's best to look at the darkest area of the sky. Another tip is to lay on you back so you can comfortable can see the entire sky. Bring a sleeping pad and warm clothes.
Since the moon is new on August 14, it's perfect conditions for watching the meteor shower with a really dark sky. The Perseid meteor shower has a zenith hourly rate (ZHR) of around 100, that's 100 meteors per hour.
Here's a shot from 2013 showing a bright Perseid.As you can see, lying on the ground is a great way to spot meteors.trendsgal Platform Shoes Singapore
You can find either a Boots, Sandals and Pumps Casual Color Splicing and Tie Up Design Platform Shoes For Women, Tie Up Striped Pattern Canvas Platform Shoes and Stitching Suede Lace Up Platform Shoes, are two most popular trendsgal Platforms from the brand. If trendsgal Platforms does not tickle your fancy, do check out Small Wow, PUMA and other online. On iprice, trendsgal Platforms are offered between S$ 8.00 - S$ 24.00.tracks
Dirt on the Strings: The Instrumental Collection
The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band
Initial release : 2003
S & P
Vassar Clements plays on some tracks of this compilation.
Tracks
Soldier's Joy (Traditional)
Winterwhite (Wind Harp)/Raleigh-Durham Reel (Fadden / Hanna / Ibbotson / McEuen)
Lonesome Fiddle Blues (Clements)
Randy Lynn Rag (Scruggs)
Chicken Reel (Traditional)
Listen to the Mockingbird (Clements)
Clinch Mountain Backstep (Rokes)
Togary Mountain (McEuen)
Return to Dismal Swamp / Pt. 2 (McEuen / McEuen)
Clemente Opus 36 (McEuen)
Foggy Mountain Breakdown (Scruggs)
Jas'moon (Brigante / Carpenter / Garth / Hanna / Hathaway)
Buy from amazon.comTo be certain no lack of current market share, I'd personally make certain that each individual shopper that relates to our On line casino would get excellent provider.
Course participation is so crucial that you the educational design at HBS that fifty % of a college student's quality in several classes is predicated on the caliber of class participation. This involves learners and faculty to operate intently with each other—An additional hallmark on the HBS encounter. Through their time at The college, college students examine and get ready above 500 cases.
He considered it a singular, sturdy, easy solution—a technique—that made available countless prospects for Resourceful enjoyable, and drew up a listing of item characteristics such as "prolonged hours of play" and "high quality in every depth" that was dispersed to Every person in the corporation.).
Godtfred Kirk Kristiansen represented the 2nd technology, Operating alongside his father at age twelve. The LEGO brick played with by Young ones and Grownups around the world arrived into staying all through Godtfred's tenure.
Remember to email errors@quora.com if you believe This is certainly an error. Remember to involve your IP deal with as part of your email.
In San Francisco, tech companies are hoping to help make the whole world a far better spot—but The material of the town is modifying in the process.
His motto "Only the most effective is ok" would later be carved into a picket plaque and hung while in the workshop. These themes of fine Engage in and good quality merchandise were being both bedrocks and touchstones for foreseeable future generations of LEGO toy makers.
Professor Bill George discusses King’s early many years and how they formed his capability to reply with braveness at his crucible minute—And the way leaders currently can find imp source the energy to do the identical. Open for comment; 0 Comment(s) posted.
Concern: This is really the uncomplicated portion. This affects your abilities along with your diagnostic and trouble resolving capabilities.
What happens when the standard museum-likely working experience satisfies the earth of electronic marketing and advertising? Meet up with the Magic Tate Ball as well as other miracles from the web Edition of the Tate museums.
Main Curriculum is made up of specific Readings that deal with elementary concepts, theories, and frameworks that pupils need to review as aspect of their company education and learning.
Ultimately, Knudstorp made large variations on the management workforce, firing five of 7 producing executives and appointing a new chief to the staff. A psychoanalyst was brought in to teach the administration team ways to detect selection-building created by logic compared to emotion.Jon Bosak wrote: > > The default style sheet language for the W3C SGML Web activity is > dsssl-o (see the activity page). We don't need much discussion of > that right now, but we do need some development if we want to > demonstrate this by April; that's what I was suggesting. Ok but if that is a done deal, why is it a work item? I hope that comes up for debate. The CSS guys have their case to make. DSSSL-O has few implementations whereas XML gets quite a few with some simple adjustments. If a vendor chooses to support CSS, why should that make it impossible to support XML as well? Why isn't a stylesheet type on a par with any other notation, eg. as a MIME type? > | Parsing and hyperlinking are relatively trivial (to implement) by > | comparison. > > I hope you're right... > > Jon So do I but I've been through the debate before and it wasn't that simple to choose. Hyperlinking has some notable variants and existing standards. Tim is probably right that adopting some HyTime concepts will help. We might consider looking at the legacy out there, IOW, how many ways have hyperlinks been defined in existing SGML applications, where are they similar and different, and how can XML support these. While the work on DOCBOOK, TEI, Mosaic etc cited in your speech are examples, so is the preexisting and well documented and well-supported work done in MIL-D-87269, MID, proposals to MIL-PRF-28001, the Philly DTD, etc. BTW, for the Quran test file, is this right? <!ELEMENT tstmt - - (tttitle, fm, sbtitle, sura+ ) > <!ELEMENT sura - - (bktlong, bktshort, epigraph, v+ ) > <!ELEMENT v - - (vn, p ) > <!ELEMENT epigraph - - (p+ ) > <!ELEMENT fm - - (p+ ) > <!ELEMENT bktlong - - (#PCDATA ) > <!ELEMENT bktshort - - (#PCDATA ) > <!ELEMENT v - - (#PCDATA ) > <!ELEMENT vn - - (#PCDATA ) > <!ELEMENT ttitle - - (#PCDATA ) > <!ELEMENT sbtitle - - (#PCDATA ) > <!ELEMENT p - - (#PCDATA ) > Also, see verse 78 of The Cow. Arc should be are. That one was easy. Good reading too. The files are a bit big for test files though. IDEAS handles them without a burp but the size is overkill for testing. len(Posted with permission from Lady Lyrion) HOW HEALTHY IS RELIGIOUS DIVERSITY IN THE MONADNOCK REGION? Lyrion ApTower, Wiccan High Priestess The Granite Tower Strawberry Meadow Wilton, NH 03086 There is an infinite number of Spiritual Paths (religions) not only in the Monadnock Region but worldwide. It can therefore be construed that the diversity of faiths is very high and therefore healthy. However, each individual must have the core freedom to choose – or create - his/her own unique interpretation of Divinity. Like snowflakes, no two will be identical, but will be the souls’ beautiful yet indescribable expression of its connection. I would therefore change the principal question to address the more troubling issue of: How Healthy is Religious Tolerance in the Monadnock Region? In my opinion, to coerce another person into adopting a particular spiritual view is a grievous sin against the deeply intimate yearnings of the infringed soul. The invalidation (by “social control” in the form of ridicule or demonization) of another’s highly intimate relationship with Deity is one of the greatest crimes against humanity and is responsible for many of the world’s problems today. Prejudice against “Other” is still alive and kicking violently and makes the issue of the health of Spiritual diversity irrelevant but puts the wellbeing of Spiritual tolerance at the brink of death. In the tradition of Paganism that I, and many in New Hampshire practice, Wicca/Witchcraft, the Wiccaning Ritual does not dedicate the baby to a specific God or Goddess. That is seen as obliterating the child’s soul’s quest for its own unique Spiritual Path -- which may take the child’s entire lifetime to find. Instead, with the baby encircled by loving family and friends, appropriate Deities are asked to protect and bless the child in its journey but the soul of the child is not sold into spiritual bondage of any tradition. Religious conversion at sword point as a condition of life itself, citizenship, marriage, civic status, job opportunity, or education was perpetrated by, and suffered by, virtually every religion throughout history and sadly continues today. Wicca is one of the last to be accepted as a serious, positive, and uplifting experience of Gods and Goddesses. Today’s Witches valiantly try to find Deity reflected in every man and woman. How-ever, echoes of the fear and hatred spewed during the Witch Hunts of the mid-late 1600s in New England are never far from our minds and often make that recognition difficult. Even in September 2010, the workplace is not safe for many who wear the Pentacle around their necks. Schoolyards are particularly vicious areas for Pagan children who innocently talk of speaking with their dead grandmother at Samhain (Halloween) when we believe the veil between the worlds is thin. At this time of year, one need only to look at the ridicule and demonization of the Wise Women who used Nature’s healing herbs in their early New England communities. Intolerance and fear are still alive when those healers are now caricatured as ugly, warty creatures supposedly in league with the devil. Sadly, the practice of Witchcraft is a very common accusation hurled by divorcing couples and is frequently the deciding factor by an ill-informed judge or magistrate. In all fairness and honesty, there are high profile power-craving individuals who allegedly practice Witchcraft yet are so removed from its positive healing tenets and family values that they give the rest of us a fearsome reputation. Intolerance can no longer be viewed as something that happens “over there” to “those” people. It strengthens when gravestones are defaced, rocks or bombs hurled through church/temple windows, or a Pentacle is ripped from the neck of a schoolchild right here in the Monadnock Region. As we know too well, the swastika is no longer recognized as the symbol for life and good luck of ancient Sanskrit, Chinese, Japanese and Native American cultures. It is spray painted on local synagogues threatening that the Nazi mindset of hatred and intolerance is alive and nearby. The inverted pentacle is a common sight found on cement walls in squalid underpasses. Intolerance is endemic and virulent everywhere – Peterborough, Temple, Jaffrey, Troy, Dublin, upper New Hampshire and across all state boundaries. The need of many lonely, disenfranchised and angry people to be on a winning “team” perverts the higher principles of a nurturing, inclusive Spiritual Community into a manifesto of coercion and bullying. Ask yourself, do your Deities care who “wins” or is it you, your Minister, Elder, Imam, Pastor, Priest, Priestess, or Rabbi who is keeping score of the largest congregation? Is there righteousness merely in numbers alone? And where, in all this winning and losing is there time for cherishing and nurturing the human Spirit? There is an incredible richness and joyous treasure to be had by participating in, or observing with an open heart the celebration of infinite ways all souls connect to Deity(ies) -- through pageantry, colors, smells, foods, dances, chants, silence, meditation, history, lore, tradition, music, and costumes. So long as the Spiritual Path uplifts and ennobles its practitioner, strengthening him/her to bring the light of compassion and healing to others, even outside their own faith, then no matter the name of the Path, how recent or ancient its lineage or numerous its adherents, it is valid and deserving not merely of tolerance, but celebration. But perhaps I hope for too much from that last word “celebration”. History may record that instead of celebrating the myriad Spiritual connections, fear and intolerance finally killed off “Other” in the name(s) of its own Deity(ies). And from the Heavens will come the sound of great weeping.
Top comments indoors and in a big fancy office chair. But there is now mounting evidence that spending all our working lives sitting down is slowly killing us!
The article above clearly outlines the negative effects of sitting and provides a few good examples of how to combat those negative effects.
As physiotherapists, we see the effects of sitting on the joint and muscle health first hand on a daily basis. Sometimes, people sustain an injury doing something simple, like picking up a pen from the floor and wonder how so much pain could result from such a task! They often don’t realise that it was “the straw that broke the camel’s back”, and that most of the damage was done over years of sitting down, heavy lifting etc.
Here are a few more fantastic exercises you can do to reverse some of the effects sitting has on your body and improve your flexibility.
OPEN BOOK STRETCH: Lay on your side with the top leg bent and the bottom leg straight as shown, breathe in as you take the top arm across your body as shown, turning your head and shoulders with it. Try to keep your knee on the floor in front of you. Breathe out as you hold, then return to the start position and repeat. Do this 10-15 times.
UPPER THORACIC EXTENSION: Place a rolled towel or foam roller along a Pilates mat as shown. With a pillow for your head, lower your upper back down and across the roll so it is positioned in between your shoulder blades, below the neck. Make sure to keep your lower back flat as shown. Hold this position, taking deep breaths for 45-60 seconds. Repeat the process 2-3 times.
Common Injuries
Services
Recent Posts
T: 9939 0157
E: info@focusphysiotherapy.com.auAPPT Macau Day 1C Update
Day 1c is just beginning and the APPT Macau can proudly say they are the largest poker tournament ever in Asia as they have produced a record number of entrants and accumulated the biggest prize pool.
- Share & Like:
- Category:
- Latest Videos
Mida Sa arvad?4 month stats:
17.10 lbs- 85%
25 1/8 in- 41%
He is still short and fat, but his weight has slowed down. At his past 2 appointments he has weighed a good pound more then Bennett did at that same age, so I was expecting him to be more then 17 lbs. Bennett weighed 18 lbs at 4 months, but Bennett was always proportionate in height and weight. Walker is just chubby and round :)
Poor Walker also has his first cold. He sounds a lot worse then he really is, and luckily he is still in good spirits. I knew it wouldn't be too long before Bennett brought home some germs to share with his little brother. I am just glad it is only a cold and nothing more serious.
Happy baby!
4 months old
Using the exersaucer for the first time! He loves playing in it!
Walker is obviously growing like a weed and is starting to bust out of his 3-6 month clothes so I am cleaning out his clothes and unpacking his 6-12 month clothes. They are a bit long on him but he is filling them out just fine!
He is just such a happy easy going baby! I love my chubby little guy!