Slots do not need to be downloaded, easy to play.
You don’t have to waste time downloading applications for your device slot wallet, just come and play easily via our website page. More convenient, just press to enter the online gambling website PG wallet, you will be able to play online slot wallet and online gambling games in the most complete form on our website page. Come and join and be a part slotxo 27. one of us at baccaratwallet
Easy to play gambling for real money online slots
If you are looking for a very special investment and have a great return, it is inevitable that the game is playing online pg slot wallet that are easy to play and the most easy to earn. Online games that require little investment but results. The profits come back to you a lot. Online slots also have a feature that is easy to understand slot wallet, easy to play, can be set up as an automatic system, allowing you to play online slots comfortably and access the most comprehensive online gambling games today. at full-slot
Slots for depositing and withdrawing via wallet system
If you play online slot wallet with the system with our power for online PG wallet can definitely do more than you can play with other sites pg slot wallet. We have a system for depositing via online wallet system, electronic slot wallet via True Money wallet system for you to be able to Depositing and withdrawing through the wallet system is more convenient slotxo 27. We are the best instant deposit and withdrawal service provider online through the wallet system.
slotxo 27
pg wallet You can deposit and withdraw via the True Money wallet system with us 24 hours a day and do not waste time traveling to conduct financial transactions at the bank. You can use the wallet system to pay for withdrawals via leading department stores slot wallet or convenience stores. Buying a 7-Eleven can use the wallet system. Just you come to play online slots games with us so that you can get the best return on your spending money to the fullest. certain slot wallet.Rua dos Hibiscos, 210, Porto Seguro, Brazil
£14
Cheapest rate
per night
This destination can have additional per person taxes which are excluded in the prices belowThis destination can have additional per person taxes which are excluded in the prices below
Vale Verde Praia Hotel is situated in Porto Seguro and is close to the area's popular attractions. It also provides a sun deck, a 24-hour reception and an outdoor pool.
There are a range of a...
There are 3.9 mi between the closest airport, Porto Seguro, and Vale Verde Praia. Vale Verde Praia Hotel has a pool on site that hotel guests may use, but be advised that hotels typically have rules in regard to pool usage.
For questions about Vale Verde Praia Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +55 733 679 1985.
Yes, Vale Verde Praia Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests.
Check-out should be before 12:00. For checking in at Vale Verde Praia Hotel, guests should plan for any time after 13:00 on the day of their scheduled arrival..
Hotel Solar do Imperador is a cosy setting when in Porto Seguro and is close to everything the area has to offer. It also offers a sauna, an outdoor pool and a Jacuzzi.Expression of the c-kit proto-oncogene product in neuroblastomas has been reported, but its clinical relevance is unclear. We determined the expression of c-kit by immunohistochemistry in a series of 155 neuroblastomas with long-term follow-up. The specificity of the reaction was verified by Western blot analysis and quantitative RT-PCR, and exon 11 of the kit gene was screened for mutations by PCR and capillary electrophoresis. No mutations were detected, and transcription of the kit gene correlated with protein expression. c-kit expression was associated with lower tumor stages and a low rate of MYCN amplification. More importantly, it coincided with tumor differentiation (P<0.0001), and portended a favorable outcome with a relative risk of 0.18 (P<0.0001). In a multivariate analysis of event-free survival, loss of c-kit (relative risk 4.25, P<0.0001) was an independent prognostic factor next to INSS stage 4 and before MYCN amplification. It is concluded that c-kit is transcriptionally regulated in neuroblastomas. Its expression likely identifies a subset of neuroblastomas with conserved capacity for differentiation, which may represent the embryonal variety of the disease. Assessment of c-kit may improve prognostic models for neuroblastoma and provide a basis for new therapy concepts.Property Attributes
- MLS#14697749
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyDALLAS
- CityDallas
- NeighborhoodHighland Hills West
- Zip75241
- StyleTraditional
- Year Built2021
- Taxes$ 488
- Price$ 299,900
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage2305
- Lot Size6,926 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Brittani Lewis with Coldwell Banker Realty Frisco
Data Source:
North Texas Real Estate Info Systems (NTREIS) - 37 - TX
Property Description
Beautiful Brand New Construction 2305 sqft Home estimated to be completed around December 10th. Resides in established neighborhood located in Highland Hills West Edition. Open Concept includes Ceramic Tile Backsplash 4 Bed 2 Full Baths with 2 car Garage.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Room Details
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolRealme 8 5G With MediaTek Dimensity 700 SoC Teased on Flipkart Ahead of Expected April 22 Launch2 min read
Realme 8 5G’s India launch has been officially teased on Flipkart, but without a release date being mentioned. The Flipkart page does not mention the Realme 8 5G in particular but teases a 5G phone from Realme, so it is expected to be the 5G variant of the phone that was launched in India last month. The company has been teasing 5G variants of the Realme 8 series for some time now and according to a recent post of Realme’s Thailand Facebook page, the phone will launch on April 21.
A dedicated Flipkart page for a Realme phone with 5G is live and says “Coming soon” without mentioning the particular phone or the release date. This phone is believed to be the Realme 8 5G as there are four 5G phones that have already been launched in country listed on the web page. These are the Realme X50 Pro 5G, the Realem X7 Pro 5G, the Realme X7 5G, and the Realme Narzo 30 Pro 5G with the title “taking the next leap.” This suggests that the Realme 8 is next in line to get the 5G treatment.
The Flipkart page also states this phone will come with the recently announced MediaTek Dimensity 700 5G SoC along with some comparisons between 4G and 5G connectivity. The page also states this will be the first phone in India with the Dimensity 700 5G SoC.
Last week, Realme Thailand posted on its Facebook page that the Realme 8 5G will be launched in the country on April 21 and at the time, a report claimed that the phone will make its way to the Indian market on April 22. Realme Thailand’s Facebook post came with a teaser video that showed off the design of the Realme 8 5G and it comes with triple rear camera setup that is headlined by a 48-megapixel primary sensor.
More recently, the Realme 8 5G was allegedly spotted in a Geekbench listing that also showed the MediaTek Dimensity 700 SoC, along with 8GB RAM and Android 11. Certification website listings in the past have suggested the Realme 8 5G will come with a 5,000mAh battery and Realme UI 2.The Public Really Can Own Everything
Paul Krugman recently argued in favor of a mixed economy. But his imagination is a bit limited: we can expand public ownership into every aspect of the US economy.
neilmoralee / Flickr
Paul Krugman has a piece in the New York Times where he argues in favor of a mixed economy. The piece is meant to be a limited defense of public ownership and production against those who categorically argue against government enterprises.
But Krugman’s argument ends up being far too limited in my view. Due to the wonders of our financial system, public ownership could be extended to the vast majority of the economy without presenting any problems.
Here’s Krugman:
But I’ve been wondering, exactly how discredited is socialism, really? True, nobody now imagines that what the world needs is the second coming of Gosplan. But have we really established that markets are the best way to do everything? Should everything be done by the private sector? I don’t think so. In fact, there are some areas, like education, where the public sector clearly does better in most cases, and others, like health care, in which the case for private enterprise is very weak. Add such sectors up, and they’re quite big.
He goes on to argue that the education, health care, and social assistance sectors, which employ around one-third of US workers, are often better run by the government. He also briefly dabbles in the idea that certain natural monopolies like utilities are also better run publicly.
But that’s the limit of Krugman’s imagination on these things. He concludes that “by and large, other areas like retail trade or manufacturing don’t seem suitable for public ownership.”
When Krugman says the retail and manufacturing sectors are not suitable for public ownership, I think he is suffering from a lack of imagination about how such public ownership could be structured.
Public ownership generally comes in three forms:
- General government (GG) services like education, health care, and social assistance.
- State-owned enterprises (SOEs) like utilities, transit systems, and the post office.
- Social wealth funds (SWFs) like the Alaska Permanent Fund that are able to own basically anything.
Krugman only considers GG and SOEs in his piece. Thus, since he thinks retail and manufacturing are not suitable as GG or SOEs, he concludes that they should not be done publicly. But retail, manufacturing, and basically anything else not suitable for GG and SOEs are suitable for SWFs.
The state can very competently own retail and manufacturing companies by simply buying up their stock and acting like an institutional investor. For instance, a social wealth fund created by the federal government could gradually buy up stock in Amazon and Walmart to get into retail and buy up stock in US Steel and General Motors to get into manufacturing. The latter is not even a hypothetical because the government did recently buy up almost all of the GM stock during the financial crisis, though it subsequently sold off its stake..Certified Nurse Midwife
Women's Health Nurse Practitioner
Registered Nurse
Teacher Trainings
Private Prenatal and Mommy and Me Yoga
Holistic Health Coach
I've added on a WOMENS HEALTH CARE NURSE PRACTITIONER certification to my bag of tricks and will be providing Womens Health in 2021
Whole Body Menopause Support
Vitality and Aging
Pelvic Floor Rehab
Healthy Sexuality
Annual Well Woman Exams
Contraceptive Technology
STI Treatment
Prenatal Care- chocolate / crickets / Protein bars / SDGs
Related Article
Japanese coffee shop chain Excelsior Caffé to curb food loss via food sharing service TABETE
Tokyo hotels open up rooms to use as satellite offices during pandemic for just 500 yen
The Wackiest Instant Noodle Flavor Yet: Chocolate Sauce Yakisoba Coming To Japan
Sustainable canine fashion service upcycles owners’ jackets & coats into formal doggie wear
Illustrator Turns Kit Kat Flavors Into Gorgeous Anime Characters
Japan’s “OiTr ads” service to display video ads, dispense free sanitary pads in women’s stalls
While edible crickets have been available in Japan for a while as somewhat of an "off the beaten path snack", even dispensed in vending machines, they've recently seem to have been picking up steam as an alternative protein source that cause less of an environmental burden than their farm-raised counterparts. Just recently we've seen 100-cricket ramen, as well as snacks offered by popular minimalist store Muji as examples of what could perhaps turn into a cricket boom.
Maker Odd Future's "food tech brand" Innocect aims to strengthen such initiatives, and are this time the company is doing so with the announcement of their new sustainable protein bars made using cricket powder available in matcha and chocolate flavors.
Each gluten-free cricket bar contains 12 grams of protein, and is free of artificial sweeteners, dairy products, and GMO's, which Odd Future says makes the bar emblematic of their concept of being kind to both body and earth.
Odd Future touts the aromatic cricket protein bars as a superfood abundant in 9 essential amino acids and BCAA, as well as beneficial to probiotic support of gastrointestinal health.
The other reason for the cricket based bar is to address concerns that cattle and other livestock industries are causing significant damage to the global environment by switching to a more sustainable resource.
Both matcha and chocolate flavors can be purchased from Innocect's online store.Exclusive | Nantes forward Abdul Majeed Waris: “I remember when we played in Anfield, everyone was asking whether we were in Liverpool or Porto!”
Ghanaian international forward and current Nantes loanee Abdul Majeed Waris sat down with Get French Football News to discuss the club’s difficult start, his foundation & his future ambitions.
This move this summer to Nantes – set the scene for us – how did it come about? Did Porto tell you that Sergio Conceição didn’t have you in mind for the coming season?
To be honest, if you look at my time last year. I didn’t play a lot of games due to transfer issues with Lorient and then some small issues. When I went to Porto, it was Conceição who signed me, he knew who I was at Nantes. He had seen a lot of my games. I did play quite a few games at Porto, in the Champions’ League as well. I was quite happy there – at the end of the season, I had an injury so I missed some time then.
After the season, the team did really well, they won the league, everyone was really happy. The atmosphere was really good and I was very happy there. I spoke to the coach, and I explained to him that, I knew I had some very good offers, I needed to play regularly, he wanted me to stay because he felt like I could play in lots of different positions and he wanted me as part of the team. I said to him I have got these offers, which are very interesting to me. I need to play lots of games to get my sharpness back. He told me no, he wanted me in the team. I went several times to talk to him, and eventually he agreed I could go on loan. I knew that I was having very good interest, which was very important for my progression.
Most of the attackers at Porto, there was no movement or ageing, so even if I would have stayed, I would have played games of course, but not to my satisfaction, I wanted to play every game. It was a very difficult decision, because he didn’t want me to go. It took me time to convince him.
What convinced him in the end to let you go?
I think it was my ambition to play, I gave him a lot of reasons why I need to go and play a lot of games.
How did the offer from Nantes come about?
My agent just told me the interest – I had offers from the Spanish league and others too, but I thought I wanted to come back to France, it is a place where I am very confident.
What have your impressions been of Nantes as a club?
It is a very good club, the people are very good, happy and willing to help you. This is something I always look for anywhere I go. Sometimes it is not all about playing, but the life outside as well.
There is quite a big Portuguese-speaking, Brazilian contingent in the squad now. What does that bring in terms of atmosphere?
We all mingle together, we all play together. We speak with each other, I can speak a little French and we all have conversations, most of them can speak French too. Brazilians are very nice people, they always want to have fun. They are people who like to joke around and bring more happiness. It gives you a boost at everything you do.
Who is the biggest joker in the dressing room?
Hard question. Too many people to mention. I might be one of them.
What jokes are you playing on people at the moment?
I don’t want to talk about that one right now. One day I can tell you.
Who is the person you have become closest to in the squad early on?
For me, I am talking with everyone. I am kind of like the joker. Enock (Kwateng) is like a brother to me though.
Do you feel that the work that Miguel Cardoso (who has now been sacked) has done both on and off the pitch translated into results?
For me, I really like him. He attacks and he defends, if you watch any of our games we play very good football, but we are ultimately not winning these games. I think in the future we will show that we are onto something very good. I don’t know, I have a strong feeling, I know we haven’t started the season very well, but I have a strong feeling that we will finish the season in a very strong position, because we have the attitude and the quality as well.
What is your preferred position? You played against Lyon as a striker, is that where you are most comfortable?
For me I always want to be close to the goal, because I don’t think any defender likes me playing as a striker. I like to make them run, it is completely different, just last night I was having a conversation with a friend. He was telling me, now I am not scoring like I used to do. I told him it is completely different when you play on the wing then as a striker. Most of the time I am playing as a winger, I am not playing badly, I like it and enjoy it, I get to touch the ball a lot, I get to move. When you play as a winger, you think about two things, attacking and defending, and that is quite a lot of work and energy, but when you play as a striker, your target is to score or to cause a lot of problems for the defence.
Let’s talk about the Nantes fans – who deserve a lot more attention, they are some of the most passionate in Ligue 1. Would you say they are the most passionate fans you have ever played in front of?
In terms of the fans, I have played in front of some very good fans. Trabzonspor was incredible, a very good place to play, very ambitious, they travelled everywhere with the team. Porto are another great team with a fantastic group of fans. I remember when we played Liverpool at Anfield, people were asking if this was in Liverpool or in Porto. It was crazy, it made me feel like really good. Nantes have very, very good fans, it is good. What I like is sometimes when the fans put more pressure on us, on the players.
In football, if you cannot cope with pressure, you cannot perform. Especially at this difficult moment, when things are not going on well, you cannot just bury your head under the ground. You have to get pressure from the fans and wake up. I think this is normal, fans do that everywhere you go. It was the same, I felt it at Lorient. Sometimes you go to a stadium and see a fan shaking in the cold and shouting. This is something great – they are ambitious, it makes me give everything. This is what keeps me going. For me it hypes me up. I am not saying it is all good all the time, sometimes they have to give the player positive motivation, but it is good sometimes to give the player more motivation in another way. If things go good, we stick together all the time, if things go badly, we stick together – that is how it should be.
When you joined Lorient in 2015, there were reports at the time that you could have joined, and were very close to, Rennes too. I am just wondering if that was true, that Rennes sent a car to the airport to pick you up and you joined Brittany rivals Lorient instead?
I think to be honest at the beginning, I knew about Rennes. I spoke with their coach, he was a very good person, I know him, they were interested. But I feel like maybe some of the people weren’t too sure about me or the type of player I was. I spoke with their coach, it was a long conversation, it was normal. They went to finalise everything with Trabzonspor. When Jordan (Ayew) went to Aston Villa, I think Lorient were looking for a replacement and they spoke with my agent, they knew that Rennes wanted me, I told them ok.
Then Lorient went straight to Trabzonspor. When I arrived in the airport, I saw people were there, I wasn’t sure, but I knew that Lorient had bought the plane ticket for me. And for me personally, football I know is a business, a job, but I respect every club and everyone. When Lorient bought the ticket for me, I went to the club that bought the ticket for me. I asked my agent where was I going, and he said we are going to Lorient.
It is fair to say that in the last 6 months at Lorient, it was quite a disappointing time for you, the club got relegated. Tell us a bit about the summer of 2017 when I presume you were seeking to leave but it didn’t happen.
My time in Lorient was good. For me, anywhere I go, I try to give my best even in terms of attitude and hard-working, because you never know what is going to happen. When I was at the club, I worked very hard for them, so so hard. When I came in my first season, I did very, very well, even though I had some injuries. I scored quite a few goals and I had some interesting offers, this is very good I said, you should listen to it.
When I joined them they said that after one season if I had a good offer that they would let me go. I had a very good relationship with them, they said that I should stay for another season, we will have very good success and all that. I had a very good relationship with Loïc (Féry – President) and Alex (Hayes – former Sporting Director) at that point.
When the team was relegated, I had very good offers, it is a very long story to explain why I didn’t move. That summer, I was in England two or three times, a Premier League team, but nothing happened and I believe that God wanted it that way. I don’t really want to put blame on anyone, maybe that is how God wanted it. I think that any player in that situation would have felt disappointed.
Where were the offers coming from at that point?
I had clubs in Spain, France and in the UK. I really wanted to go to the UK, because I started studying there. I had offers from both the Championship and Premier League at that point.
Is that a goal in your career to end up in the Premier League?
I am always going to be a big fan of the Premier League and the Championship, I like the way that football is played there, so definitely. It is something that I will continue to watch. Even though the French league is one of the top leagues in Europe, every year it is getting very competitive. This year is crazy. I really, really like the French league.
You are currently only on loan at Nantes – would you like to prolong your stay?
At the moment I am here on loan with Nantes. The people are nice, the fans are very good and I am very happy here. I want to have a very successful season with this club. With the stature of the club, they are really very good. I want to achieve something great with them. Even if I am not here in the future, I will know that I achieved something great. Maybe I can also be remembered one day.
Who is the best defender that you have come up against in Ligue 1 so far?
I would have to say Ricardo Carvalho and Thiago Silva. The reason why I say that is that they are so sensible in a way that they don’t let you run, or get too close to you. Even when you try to fix them into a 1 vs 1 situation, they will try to slow you down. So, I think they were the two very, very difficult people to play against.
Do you have any personal goals this season? I.E. I want to score x amount of goals this season?
I don’t care if I only score 4 goals, but Nantes are in the top 4 or 5. That would be amazing because when you achieve something as a team, it is more special than as an individual. This what I believe. I really want to achieve something great with Nantes – I remember when I arrived here, it doesn’t matter where I go, I feel that I should score at least 10 goals per season. So I will be working very hard for that. I am sure that I will score some goals, despite our very, very rough start.
I was hoping to ask you more about your Foundation and why it is so important?
The foundation is something super important to me. I used to do a lot of charity work back home because I know how it feels to come from where I came from. The fact that there are people out there who do not get a chance to achieve what they want because of their situation. Before I set up the foundation, I spoke to a lot of people. Then, we came out with the idea of opening up the foundation, now we have a webpage, I am helping as much as I can. Most recently, we have got a lot of books together. It is not only the books, we went to different orphanages and then we tried to identify people who really needed to support to achieve their aims through education or football.
We got the books, the school uniforms, shoes, pen, paper, lots of things. So we visited each of their homes and then we donated to the families and we tell them we are supporting them and we should give them a chance to go after what they want. Then I tell them that if the child continues to progress in the right direction, then they will always be able to count on our support, because sometimes you support people but they don’t really appreciate the support, or make good use of it. But when you let them know that they can get more support if the child is doing really well, that puts more pressure to the child to work even harder.
I believe that life is not all about playing football, most people can achieve their aim of becoming a better person through football or other means. For example, I didn’t start as a professional footballer, I started as a student. Even being a professional footballer, I wasn’t too sure about it, what I wanted was a better future for myself and then having a strong educational background so that after college and everything I might be wearing a suit in an office. Then football came along the way, I believe that with anything that you do you have to work really, really hard to really achieve what you want to achieve.Las ranas (2020) A woman visits her boyfriend, locked up in a prison a few hours’ drive away from Buenos Aires. Each week, she manages as best as she can to accomplish her mission: provide her boyfriend food, drugs and love. In an exercise of visceral realism, Edgardo Castro constructs a harrowing love story with Las Ranas. Read More »
Tag Archives: Edgardo Castro
José Luis Torres Leiva – Vendrá la muerte y tendrá tus ojos AKA Death Will Come and Shall Have Your Eyes (2019)
Quote:
Two women who have shared a lifetime together are faced with the disease of one of them. The sick woman decides not to follow any treatment and they both move to a small house in the forest until the day death comes to their lives. Read More »
Edgardo Castro – La noche (2016)
Quote:
Gritty journey through the sexual underbelly of Buenos Aires, with graphic depictions of the highs and lows in one man’s quest for intimacy.. Read More »Red Carpet Glam! Miley Cyrus Stuns in Risque See-Through Dress at 2020 MTV VMAs
So much yes! Miley Cyrus looked incredible at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday, August 30, while wearing a black, sheer dress on the red carpet. The “Midnight Sky” singer not only performed at the 2020 VMAs, but she was also nominated in the Editing and Art Direction categories for her “Mother’s Daughter” music video.
The “Wrecking Ball” artist’s see-through ensemble is from designer Thierry Mugler‘s fall 2020 collection. The strapless ankle-length gown was studded with small mirrored detailing. Miley, 27, accessorized the look with matching sheer gloves, bright red lipstick, hoop earrings and strappy sandals. The iconic designer also dressed Ariana Grande for the epic night.
Miley also wore a black dress with a sky-high slit for her performance of “Midnight Sky” later in the show. She rocked out on a simple stage, which featured a large staircase leading to a disco ball. At the end, the Last Song actress hopped on top of the orb and seemingly recreated her 2013 “Wrecking Ball” music video.
Miley’s latest track, “Midnight Sky,” which she released on August 14, is all about telling her own story. The former Disney kid explained her frustrations with seeing her love life plastered across headlines during an appearance on Barstool Sports’ “Call Her Daddy” podcast on the day her new single was released. Specifically, Miley reflected on her two-month-long relationship with The Hills: New Beginnings star Kaitlynn Carter on the heels of her split from husband Liam Hemsworth in August 2019.
“It’s unfair that someone taking a photo from a helicopter is allowed to control my narrative, but it feels below me, at that time, to engage in public opinion,” Miley told host Alex Cooper in reference to photos of her and Kaitlynn, 31, together in Italy at the time. “That’s why in the song it says, ‘I can’t bite the devil on my tongue.’ … It’s about, you know, some people have the devil and angel on their shoulder, the devil lives on my tongue. So, usually, I just lash out and say the first f—king thing that comes to mind, but it’s never benefitted me.”
The “Slide Away” singer noted the fling “made [her] really happy” and added, “There’s no handbook about how to deal with heartbreak.” Miley noticed “a gap between public perception and the truth” about her life. “I just think it’s really f—ked up that women are villainized for moving on,” she said.
The “Malibu” artist went on to date singer Cody Simpson the following October. However, Life & Style confirmed on August 13 that the two officially ended things after nearly a year together.
Miley looked happy and incredibly gorgeous at the VMAs. We can’t wait to see what the newly single starlet accomplishes next!Commercial insurance pricing – what’s changing?
Pricing increases across most regions remained moderated due to a slower rate of increase in property insurance and directors’ and officers’ liability (D&O), according to the report. The UK saw a composite pricing increase of 27% (down from 28% in Q2 2021) and the Pacific region saw an increase of 17% (down from 23% in Q2 2021) – two factors that continued to drive the global composite rate.
Meanwhile, the rate of increase in Asia was 6% (the same as the previous quarter), 2% in LAC (down from 4%), and 10% in Continental Europe (down from 13%). The US stands as the only exception to this trend, as rates increased by 14% (up from 12% the previous quarter). Marsh highlighted that this was driven by substantial increases in cyber insurance rates and moderate increases in property and casualty rates.
Other key findings of the survey included that:
• Global property insurance pricing was up 9% on average, down from a 12% increase in Q1 2021, while casualty pricing was up 6% on average (the same as the previous two quarters).
• Pricing in financial and professional lines once again had the highest rate of increase across the major insurance product categories, at 32%, compared to 34% in the previous quarter.
• Cyber insurance pricing did not follow the moderation trend. In the US, prices increased 96% (up from 56% in Q2), and in the UK they increased 73% (up from 35% in Q2), driven by the frequency and severity of ransomware claims.
Commenting on the report, Lucy Clarke, president, Marsh Specialty and Marsh Global Placement, said: “While the risk and insurance landscape remains challenging around the world, we expect rates to continue to moderate in most lines. However, the pressure on rates in cyber insurance is likely to continue. Developing solutions for our clients in this segment remains a top priority for Marsh.”'Pitch Perfect' stars Anna Camp and Skylar Astin announce split
It seems their union was not “Pitch Perfect.”
Anna Camp and Skylar Astin, who acted in the films about an a capella singing group, have split.
“We can confirm that we have decided to separate, and this decision was made mutually and amicably," read a joint statement from the former couple issued to USA TODAY Friday by Camp's rep Jenny Tversky. "We kindly ask for privacy as we navigate this transition.”
In addition to acting in the 2012 film "Pitch Perfect" and its 2015 follow-up "Pitch Perfect 2," the actors also worked together in the 2014 short "The Oven."
They met on the set of the first "Pitch" film, where they began a friendly relationship at first, Camp told Glamour in 2014.
"We were friends first and just hit it off," she told the outlet, adding Astin is "just so great."
The nature of their relationship did take a romantic turn, of course.
"He was dating somebody, and I had been through (a divorce from actor Michael Mosley) and he was like, 'Do you want to go on a date?' " she said to Glamour. "I remember thinking, Well, he's younger than me. He's five years younger... But I was like, 'You know what? OK! Let's do it, let's see.' He's literally my best friend."
Camp and Astin had a California wedding in September 2016 after revealing their engagement in January of the same year.
"I asked. She said yes!!!" Astin shared on Instagram on Jan. 2, 2016.
This article originally appeared on USA TODAY: 'Pitch Perfect' stars Anna Camp and Skylar Astin announce split
carl abrahamsson
Date: […]
Carl Abrahamsson is both a filmmaker and author. His most recent film is titled “Anton LaVey: Into the Devil’s Den”. Other films include “Poems Are Living Things” and “Cinemagician: Conversations with Kenneth Anger”. His most recent book is titled Occulture: The Hidden Forces That Drive Culture Forward. He also edits The Fenris Wolf, an annual anthology of occulture.
Presented by RADIO ARCANE, Carl Abrahamsson’s new documentary, Anton LaVey: Into the Devil’s Den will be screened Wednesday, January 8, 2020 (6-9 pm) at Art Sanctuary, 1433 S. Shelby St., Louisville, KY 40217. Click this link for the Facebook event page.
Now on Vimeo On-Demand! Carl Abrahamsson’s splendid documentary film, ANTON LAVEY — INTO THE DEVIL’S DEN, is a thorough, comprehensive, and continually evolving experience, evoking the myriad aspects of The Doktor himself. These are reflected in meticulous interviews with people who had deep connections with him, rather than some opining distant analysts or skeptical nay-sayers. The film is kaleidoscopic, full of fresh and potent imagery that surely will delight LaVey aficionados and should also ensorcell those new to that Infernal Den in which a number of us were all delighted to be welcomed. We look forward to presenting its US […] […]
TheunesSubscribe via Stitcher RadioCALIFORNIA INFERNAL: Jayne Mansfield […], an interview with the author by Sylvie Walder. The unifying question of this diverse and stimulating collection can perhaps be stated thus: how does magic hack culture? Or perhaps even: what is the role and magic of the artist? Abrahamsson proposes strategies of engagement […]Magento 2 standard updates & features already dress your store for plentiful matters. Soothe, the assets reckon on-site vulnerabilities can’t overlook the actuality which is predicated on a whopping $133.7 1000000000000 in 2022 by Gartner. As a grown-up Magento 2 process visitant we conceive answerable to serve solutions, that’s why we started this article on Magento department.
The smashing programme is with Magento 1 to 2 upgrade, several determinative guarantee matters are already resolved. And for the put, we are sharing the top 5 cagy Magento 2 outlet surety tips. After all, who else give believe the venture of Magento 2 and its use author than a Developing bringing employed for eld?
5 Clever Tips to Deepen Magento 2 Keep Surety
1. Close Magento Admin- Magento Admin panel is famed for its aid. And if this unco economic backend panel safekeeping on the hackers, the whip happens. Yeah! You won’t assist on the method yourself, but an vulnerable grouping is the unvaried. So if you don’t poverty them to pioneer your body and modification & move aggregation by store redirection, army vixenish and administer malware, protect it by:
Varied alternative admin URL- For this log in admin > Go to Stores > Configuration > Chick Suggest > Admin >Expand Admin lowborn URL conception >Set “Use Trade Admin URL” to “Yes” > Start the Tariff admin URL. This is how you leave be logged out and redirected to the “New admin URL”.
Specific admin access- For this go to the Grouping > Permission > Users roles > Move “Add new part” > Enter username and parole > Go to “Enactment Resources” > Select the resource attain you greeting to allocation your new user > Depression “Book Role.”
2. Play on term expiry – It’s not always some cyber attacks but unauthorized group trying to get access to your Magento admin body, also a happening. It could be anything equivalent search from your machine. For prisoner, you jazz to set a low measure bounds, so when you are dormant on your Magento admin panel, it gift log out.
How to do it?
Log in to Admin body
Utter keep > settings > Design (socialist sidebar)
Select Climb > Admin
Safeguard > Admin conference lifespan (low book box)
Fix the dimension minify ( Recommendation- 5 to 10 seconds)
Refrain changes
3. Use Updated Software – Use the latest edition of Magento, including all safeguard patches. Rhythmic Magento updates and warranty patches do not goodness your situation if you don’t update it. So gain sure you regularly update these assets patches and clothe the bingle too with sextuple remaining features.
Updates: What much can you execute?
Advance your Magento dig directory
Backup database and encrypt before making changes
Use SSH for far serve login
Whole deployment
Displace, add, and move code changes
Update the design
Magento edition proof
4. Server Protection – Patch you covenant with the server, HTTPS/SSL are the limit precaution layers. For Magento 2 outlet coding, assure you do not place extensions straight on a computer but disable Magento Downloader. You can block/remove make or use a whitelisting method.If not satisfied with a standard stock item, please contact Hisco within 30 days of invoice date. Hisco will provide a refund (excluding shipping charges)*. If your return is a result of a Hisco Inc. error your shipping charge will also be refunded. All returns must be in new, resalable condition with proof of purchase from Hisco. Returns must be accompanied by a Return Materials Authorization Number (RMA).
You can request an RMA number online through Hisco.com by following the steps below:
Once approved, instructions for returning the material will be emailed to the address associated with the user who requested the RMA.
* A restocking fee may apply on some items returned to Hisco. Restocking charges will be dependent on the manufacturer's restock policies plus the costs of freight, packaging, insurance and any import or export costs.
Last Updated: August 20th, 2019'Every great artwork whispers a story only you can hear'
- Shipping worldwide included.
- National Tax Included.
- Refund possible within 30 days
- Prints usually ship within 24 hours and can take 1 to 10 days to arrive according to your location.
- Prints will be sent from our high-end print space, joined by a lab certificate.
- We will also send you an extra signed certificate directly from the artist Alexander Koning.
- Please feel welcome to get in touch for more information and stories connected to the art.Narwhals are the only animals with straight tusks. Each tusk is a tooth that grows in a spiral shape. The tusk is softer on the outside and has hard layers on the inside. Human teeth are the opposite. They are hard on the outside and softer on the inside.
Making Connections
Text-to-Self
Would you like to travel to the Arctic Ocean to see a narwhal? Why or why not?
Text-to-Text
Have you read other books about ocean animals? How are those animals similar to or different from narwhals?
Text-to-World
Climate change is causing ice to melt in narwhals’ habitats. What other animals could be affected by climate change?
Teacher Resources
Select a resource below to download the PDF.PolyProx Therapeutics, a new biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of novel biopharmaceuticals for the treatment of cancer, today announced that it has raised £3.4m of seed capital. as Executive Chairman.
PolyProx Therapeutics will develop a new class of drugs, called Polyproxin™ molecules, that are able to selectively target tumour cells and trigger the natural degradation machinery contained within the cell to arrest tumour growth.
Polyproxin™ molecules target disease-causing proteins within tumour cells and trigger pathways to eliminate these proteins, thereby halting further growth of the tumour. This approach has the potential to address cancer targets that have proven untreatable using current technologies, important in major diseases such as lung, colorectal and pancreatic cancers. The technology behind this approach uses protein scaffolds to link a targeting entity at one end and a degradation trigger at the other, assembled in such a way as to allow access to the tumour cell and recyclable activity.
The financing, which was co-led by Cambridge Innovation Capital plc (CIC), RT Capital and Cambridge Enterprise, will support research operations to validate the technology across a range of tumour targets over the next two years.
Professor Laura Itzhaki, Founder and Chief Scientific Officer, PolyProx Therapeutics (pictured) commented: “We are thrilled to have closed the seed round, and this will enable us to grow the PolyProx team and further develop our technology over the next two years. Our platform, which harnesses the cell’s natural protein degradation pathways, should allow access to many hard-to-drug targets and enable screening of molecules against these targets.”
Sohaib Mir, Principal at Cambridge Innovation Capital, added: “PolyProx’s technology offers the potential to broaden the druggable proteome, thereby encompassing a range of highly validated therapeutic targets for which there are no existing drugs. This exciting new company, underpinned by world-class science and deep intellectual property, is characteristic of businesses emanating from the Cambridge ecosystem. We look forward to working with PolyProx’s experienced team as the company advances.”
PolyProx Therapeutics is based at the Babraham Research Campus and is currently recruiting.. Service Vendors Consolidate as Customer Service Democratizes
Shifting demands and market conditions are driving vendors to switch from best-of-breed components to more integrated suites. (Featured on SmartCustomerService.com.)
Social Media Must Be Proactive
Most social media users expect companies to respond to social media comments, Clutch Research has found
Pegasystems Upgrades Healthcare Suite
Pegasystems has unified its care management, customer service, and marketing applications for healthcare into one platform.
Nuance Unveils Project Pathfinder to Increase the Conversational Intelligence of Virtual Assistants
Project Pathfinder automatically builds domain-specific conversation maps from existing contact center chat logs. (Featured on SmartCustomerService.com.)
SurveyMonkey Launches Customization Features
Organizations can now create on-brand surveys and leverage new prebuilt layouts, colors and much more.
MadCap Software Launches MadCap Authoring and Management System
MadCap AMS is a complete solution for streamlining content delivery, from authoring, publishing, and translation to cloud-based project and content management.
Customer Satisfaction With Banks Up Slightly
CFI Group's Bank Satisfaction Barometer moves from 79 to 80 on a 100-point scale.
Gainsight Launches Product Experience (PX) Platform
With Gainsight PX, B2B product teams can leverage deep product insights and personalize in-app engagements.
Taptica Acquires RhythmOne
Taptica strengthens its video advertising capabilities with the acquisition of RhythmOne.Stephen Stocking Photos
Latest News on Stephen Stocking
LaGuardia Performing Arts Center Will Present Work-in-Process Presentation of the New Verbatim Play MEMORIAL
(Feb 4, 2020)
BWW Review: MRS. CHRISTIE at Dorset Theatre Festival Brilliantly Tackles Old Things in New Ways
(Aug 4, 2019)
Agatha Christie Comes To Life In World Premiere Of MRS. CHRISTIE At Dorset Theatre Festival
(Jul 24, 2019)
Latest News on Stephen StockingI sucked up the first four episodes of Sense8 like a parched man drinks water. This was the show I’ve been waiting for all year. It has it all: the writing, settings, plot, characters, the performances, all are markedly above the line of expectation.
So, why hadn’t I heard of it before?
One reason is that the show is only available on Netflix, and only since 05 June. That means I’m only ten days behind the curve on this which, for me, is notable. I usually don’t hear of shows like this until after they’ve been canceled.
Another reason is that the reviews on the show have been mixed. Even those who liked it have couched their praise in overstuffed caveats, complimenting the show as often as they complain.
Negative reactions run the gamut. The actors are all too pretty, was one complaint, and I’m like, “Have you watched anything on network TV? Everyone’s gorgeous!” Another felt that the left-wing LGBT agenda is too “in your face,” to which I say, “Oh, you mean, unlike the hetero agenda, which dominates everything?”
But one consistent complaint is that the storytelling method is disjointed, obscure, deliberately complicated, and too “filmic.”
This is understandable. The storytelling style of Sense8 is unlike anything I’ve seen, and its compelling nature is hard to pin down. It does not fit in any pigeonhole, can be hard to follow, but nevertheless, it is compelling.
If your just catching up, Sense8 is a 12-episode Netflix original series, created by Andy and Lana Wachowski (The Matrix) and J. Michael Straczynski (Babylon 5). It features eight characters who, through one woman’s ultimate act, are transformed into a cluster of “sensates,” physically separated individuals all with a psychic connection to one another. The characters are scattered across the globe–Mexico City, San Francisco, Chicago, London, Berlin, Nairobi, Mumbai, and Seoul–and none has any prior relationship with another member.
In the first four episodes (all I’ve watched as of this writing), the eight slowly become aware of their connection and their abilities to interact with one another. This long main plotline is interspersed with smaller crises that affect one or another of the individuals, providing opportunities for them to come to each other’s aid, culminating in the first real crisis for the “cluster,” when one of them is threatened with lobotomization, the equivalent of “sensate death.”
From the beginning, and throughout this rising action, we see the influence of two mysterious factions. One, personified by a sensate adept named Jonas, is supportive of the cluster, while the other is a shadowy, inimical cabal that is “hunting” cluster members. It’s a classic good vs. evil scenario, and I expect further episodes will reveal motivations and betrayals of trust–though hopefully not as many as some of the more frustrating shows of recent years.
The style of the show, though, is what sets it apart. The connection experienced by members of the cluster is depicted as a sudden translocation, like astral travel (called “visiting” in the show) or body-swapping possession (called “sharing”). The deejay lounging in her London bed-sit is suddenly standing next to the cop in Chicago, or the kick-boxer from Seoul can abruptly inhabit the body of the van driver in Nairobi. During the first four shows, as these sensates explore their connections, the scenes shift all over the place as the members of the cluster all share a common experience, and by the end of the fourth episode, they’re all asking–along with the lyrics of the song they’re sharing–“What’s going on?”
Whereas other shows like Heroes and Lost (both of which have been compared to Sense8) purposefully withhold information known to some characters–creating a cheap and unsatisfying experience, in my view–here, the characters don’t know anything about what’s going on, and Jonas (who seems to be on their side) is telling them as much as he can in the brief “visits” he can manage with them. There is a growing sense of urgency and a constant ramp-up of peril as layers of complexity emerge, but I did not find it overwhelming or annoying at all, as it followed an organic path of experience for the clustered sensates.
You have to pay attention, though (and this may be what frustrates some of the reviewers; you can’t watch with one eye on your iPad). Once the show establishes that the deejay lives in London, it doesn’t continually remind you when the scene shifts back to her.
Naturally, I have some nits to pick with the show. Nothing’s perfect. For instance, the cluster members are all young and tech savvy, but while every twenty-something I know is in constant contact with their cadre via their smart-phone, in the first four episodes I saw only one text sent. Also, as this mysterious connection they share manifests, no one sits down to google… well… anything.
These don’t bother me, though, because as the action progresses, I become engrossed with the characters themselves. They all have history and quirks, they are all very different from one another. They are honest and criminal, struggling and well-to-do, but each one is a product of their environment, their city, their family, and their past.
As to the “LGBT agenda,” yes, the characters are straight, gay, bi, and trans. They cover the spectrum of sexuality, but in no case is a character’s sexuality pertinent to the main action; it affects their lives and the people who surround them (as you’d expect) but it is irrelevant to the functioning of the cluster or their “sensate” abilities. In this way also, the show stands apart from almost everything else.
A third of the way through the 12-episode series, there are plenty of mysteries to be exposed, and much for these sensates to learn and overcome. The larger plot of factions and cabals is just beginning to emerge, and I can’t wait to binge on the rest of the series.
If only I didn’t have to sleep.
Or work.
k
Dangit, Giambastiani! You’ve got me intrigued. The last thing I need is another show to watch. Grr.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Three more episodes in. It gets better. –k
Hooray, you are still blogging! And usefully, too, with analysis of characters, action, and what makes a drama engrossing, or not. Since I don’t have a TV or Netflix, I am depending on you for cultural updates! Keep me in the loop!
LikeLiked by 1 person
One thing I didn’t mention in the post is that every character is driven by love, though that love takes many different forms: love of beloved, love of family, love of justice. Love is a unifying theme in this show, which explores our definitions–and the price–of love in all its various forms.
LikeLiked by 1 person
See, you really are getting something out of blogging, identifying the motivators of the characters.Cannot open SOLIDWORKS Assembly (sldasm) – MastercamHow To, Mastercam, Tech Tips
Mastercam still looks to the part files (sldprt), therefore they need to be present in the same folder as the assembly file. See all How-To’s, Tips & Tricks and FAQ’s here! Do you have a topic or question you would like to see us cover? Let us know in the comment section below! Join […]Fermentation activator Thiazote PH - 10g
Nutrient providing growth factors. Product in accordance with the oenological codex. Thiazote PH is made of diammonium phosphate (DAP) and thiamine - vitamin B1.
Specifications
The combined provision of ammonium salts and thiamine (vitamin B1) contained in Thiazote PH permits:
- The multiplication of the yeast population whilst also ensuring viability
- Fermentation acceleration
- A decrease in ketonic acid content (the role of thiamine), which is able to bind SO2
Oenological applications
In the event of an assimilable nitrogen deficiency in the must, it is essential to add nitrogen in order to ensure yeast multiplication and efficient alcoholic fermentation.
According to the must conditions (initial nitrogen content, potential alcohol level, turbidity, etc.) it is advisable to correct the assimilable nitrogen content to between 180 and 220 mg/L.
10 g/hL of Thiazote PH produces on average of 21 mg/L of assimilable nitrogen.
Thiazote PH can be used on all types of must; white, rose or red.
With regards to optimal fermentation management, it is important to consider that a regular and complete alcoholic fermentation is an essential factor for the successful onset of malo-lactic fermentation.
Protocol for use
It is advisable to add Thiazote PH in two stages: half the dose during yeast inoculation and the other half after a density loss of about 20 points (before 1/3 of sugar depletion). Do not mix with active dry yeast (ADY). Prepare the Thiazote PH and add to the tank after Active Dry Yeast inoculation.
Dosage
- 10 to 50 g/hL for white, rosé or red. Dosage should be based on the initial assimilable nitrogen content in the must, the potential alcohol degree and the turbidity.
- European maximum legal dosage: 50 g/hL.
- Legislation now authorises the use of ammonium sulfate and phosphate at a maximum rate of 100 g/hL.
Implementation
Use a clean, inert container. Dissolve the total quantity of Thiazote PH to be added in 10 times its weight in water or must. Mix well, then incorporate directly into the vat during a pump-over.
Manufacturer – France
Offered packages – Package with 10 g of product – 0,7 EuroWe looked at the social media data in Turkey in 2019, Rakı drinking content creators prefer to listen to Arabesque music the most with an overwhelming majority. This suggests listening to Arabesque music may drive the Rakı consumption the most.
To learn more about eBrandValue Platform, and how such metrics influence brand value, contact us using the form below.Produced by the Office of the Attorney General
Táirgthe ag Oifig an Ard-Aighne
Amendment of section 29 of Building Societies Act, 1989.
30.—
Section 29
of the
Building Societies Act, 1989
, is hereby amended by the substitution for subsection (3) of the following:
“(3) Subject to section 30, a society shall not, save where it acts as an insurance intermediary within the meaning of the
Insurance Act, 1989
, carry on insurance business otherwise than by a subsidiary or other associated body of the society.”.Woman injured in shooting in La Porte
LA PORTE, Ind. -- La Porte Police are investigating a shooting that injured a woman Monday evening.
Police were called to a residence in the 1100 block of Clay Street around 9:30 p.m. to investigate the shooting.
A woman inside the home had at least one gunshot wound, reports said.
The initial investigation revealed there was an argument between the victim and a man who fled the scene before officers arrived, police said.
Police rendered aid to the victim until medics arrived.
She was transported to a hospital in Indianapolis.
Police said the victim and the suspect knew each other and believe this was an isolated incident.
The case remains under investigation.
Anyone with information in this case is asked to call Detective Bowman or Detective Sergeant Airy at the LaPorte Police Department at (219)-362-9446.“Buy quality, not quantity.” Although a popular concept today, it was novel when Judy Vojtech and Peggy Patterson were growing up. This pearl of wisdom passed down from Peggy’s mom is the driving force behind W. H. Petronela—along with Judy’s mom’s advice to “coordinate your shoes with your handbag”—a notion that Judy and Peggy embrace when designing their collection of polished, ladylike handbags.
W. H. Petronela, named in honor of the women who encouraged the designers to follow their passions—Wilma Henrietta and Petronela—has earned a loyal following among discerning women of all ages who appreciate the collection’s classic yet modern shapes and thoughtful design details. What’s more, the W. H. Petronela’s notable lack of exterior hardware emphasizes the collection’s timeless appeal.
Since debuting in 2010, W. H. Petronela has expanded from its core group—sleek, sophisticated satchel shoppers, clutches and wallets—to include bucket bags, backpacks, travel pieces such as weekenders, tablet covers and belts. Each piece, designed to last a lifetime, is crafted from the finest python, crocodile and ostrich skins.
While Judy holds a degree from LIM college, she also has one in accounting—a helpful combination when diving into a competitive marketplace. Add Peggy’s passion for fashion and keen eye to the mix and the result is a solid partnership that extends to friendship, too.
Judy and Peggy’s designs are inspired by women whose lives are very much a reflection of their own: active, socially and culturally engaged, aware of runway trends, but able to translate those trends in a way that suits their modern, multitasking lifestyle. From carry-everywhere pieces to ones suitable for the most special of occasions, W. H. Petronela fuses function and fashion one elegant shape at a time.
The designers are also inspired by colors and textures, often juxtaposing a classic shape in an unexpected shade such as lavender or coral at one end of the spectrum, to cobalt blue or fuchsia on the other, or by applying trims and details more closely associated with sportswear such as color blocking.
And although the design duo doesn’t currently design apparel, they’re mindful of wardrobe “must-haves” – a chic sheath dress, a beautifully tailored blazer or trim little jacket, the perfect pair of trousers, cashmere anything and great denim jeans—when they set their sights on a new season.
Details include fringe and detachable chains on sleek clutches; totes accented with detachable mini clutches for day-into-evening ease; and shoppers accented with oversized tassels that double as key chains. Some of the pieces have hand painted highlights.
“Our pieces are a blend of timeless style and also function. We think about details that will keep things just a little more organized,” says Judy. Adds Peggy, “For example, smaller pieces have interior zipper and open pockets and multiple card slots, and shoppers come with matching, multipurpose pouches that keep essentials handy.
In addition to core styles that W. H. Petronela offers each season, the company provides retailers with an opportunity to special order certain silhouettes, mixing and matching colors and skins in order to create exclusivity across different distribution channels. Considered “accessible luxury,” retail prices range from $200 for a python wallet to $2500.00 for a crocodile satchel.
W. H. Petronela also gives back. Judy and Peggy created, H. O. P. E., a nonprofit organization addressing the needs of at-risk youth. The group seeks to prepare young adults to become productive citizens by providing a working and learning environment where they can meet the demands of adulthood. With every purchase, the founders contribute a portion of the sale price to H. O. P. E. Women can truly look and feel their best, knowing that their purchase helps those in need.Choose Options Quick view The Godfather MSRP: Now: $2,995.00 Was: The Godfather Oscar winning 1972 film, which brought the Corleone Family to life on the big screen. Here are signed poster by the powerhouse cast. Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, James Caan, Diane Keaton, Al Martino, Abe Vigoda, Richard Castellano. 26207 MSRP: Now: $2,995.00 Was: Choose Options Quick viewWJEC AS Level Psychology Maths/Numeracy.
In a nutshell
Psychology is the scientific study of the mind and is concerned with helping us understand the thoughts and behaviours of individuals. The course is diverse, interesting and challenging, covering many areas within psychology. The course is divided into four units, two at AS and two at A2.
This course is for you if...
... You have a keen interest in psychology
... You want to further your study at university study
... You are interested in following the Social Sciences Pathway, Medical Pathway, Humanities Pathway, Business Pathway.
What will I be doing?
The first year of study (AS Level) covers the following areas:
AS content (40% of A level): In the first year of study, students will cover the main approaches in Psychology (psychodynamic, behaviourist, cognitive, biological and positive), along with theories such as the social learning theory of aggression and Freud’s theory of personality. Students will study a variety of therapies such as psychosurgery and dream analysis, as well as looking at contemporary debates and research methods. Assessment: Two written exams sat in May/June.
The second year of study - A2 content (60% of A level):
During the second year, students will consider the implications of psychology in the real world, specifically how psychology has helped us understand different types of behaviours, such as; criminal behaviour, schizophrenia, addictive behaviour, bullying behaviours and stress. You will also study the different controversies within psychology as well as applied research methods. Assessment: Two written exams sat in May/June.
Upon completion of this course, you’ll gain:
- AS Level Psychology
- A Level Psychology
What is expected of me?
To enter the course, you’ll need a minimum of 5 GCSEs at Grade C or above, including a minimum of C grades in English/Welsh First Language and Maths/Maths Numeracy.
What comes next?
Psychology is useful for a range of university courses and careers which involve working with people, for example; teaching, nursing, social work and the police force. Many of our students go on to study psychology at degree level, leading to careers in areas such as forensic psychology, sports psychology, clinical psychology and educational psychology.Direct and Indirect Instruction Model Learning is a continuous process known to be all through anyone’s life. The dynamism of the world’s content necessitates adventuring and corresponding simplification through introduction of learning centers such as schools. People pay for learning services comprising individuals in different levels of learning. Regardless of level and learning institution hierarchy, two prominent models have been applied to teach including direct and indirect models. The choice of a model to be used depends largely on the lesson, system policies, and academicians administering the lesson.Question 1 Direct instruction model has been applicable in teaching for an unspecified duration. In this model, instructor imparts knowledge to learners using direct material that can easily be understood. Mostly, application of direct instruction model leave most of the work to the teacher, and it requires strict following of lesson plan. In this light, students do not have the opportunity to brainstorm. Additionally, use of learning procedures such as lab session, workshop, internship, and discussion are exempted. The positive sides of this model include inclusion of both quick and slow learners, reduction of time wastage in learning, and reduction of learning cost to the learner. On the contrary, direct instruction model has been blamed for making learners lazy, reducing teacher-student interaction, and reducing diversification in knowledge acquisition (Borich, 2007). In my application of direct instruction model, I find it appropriate in teaching different types of linguistics such as official and non-official language in a job interview.Question 2 Indirect learning is applicable in the teaching process where concepts are involved, and solutions are sought for problems. The idea behind indirect instruction model is to make learners active in the learning process by giving them an opportunity to contribute. It is proven over time that practical learning processes enhance mastery and indirect instruction model embrace that ideology. Therefore, the term indirect is used in this context because the process gives learners crude information, which they transform in their understanding fit for their mastery. From this perspctive, teachers do not give information in open context manner forcing the learners to do their parts and ingest the information delivered (Borich, 2007). For instance, indirect instruction model would be used in teaching mathematics where a teacher gives an example intended to provide the learner with a formula to handle sums of a similar nature. Question 3 Learning processes sometimes become boring or complex to student. When this happens, it is necessary to proof to students otherwise by making the process enjoyable and easy. For this to happen, the teacher needs to give direct information by breaking the complex part for the learners and relating them to real life situation. However, direct learning might not be appropriate to teach lab session such as surgical processes since students’ involvement is necessary so that they can appropriately apply the same on their own. Question 4Early studies estimated that 70% to 80% of all questions required the simple recall of facts. only 20% to 30% required the high-level thought processes of clarifying, expanding, generalizing, and making inference (Corey 1940). Eventually, little has changed since these early studies. It was once said that tell them, and they will forget, show them and they will recall, involve them in the act or process and they will understand. These words have remained true until today (Borich, 2007). The connection is imperative as it creates a connection between learning, understanding and success.ReferencesBorich, G. D. (2007).Effective teaching methods: Research-based practice. Upper Saddle River, N.J: Pearson Merrill/Prentice Hall.[Free Trial] All Natural Male Enlargement Pills Penis Growth Capsule , Bike Center Den Bosch
Herbal sex supplement Shockwave therapy erectile dysfunction frequency How long to take cialis before Penis growth capsule Was ist das beste potenzmittel Best Pills For Men Sexual Enhancement Pills Reviews Best Pills For Men.
Black Rhino Pill Near Me?
Nugenix how to cancel stick in his hand and rushed out, first assisting She's arm Mom! You're all back! Come back! This time I'm finally back.and the Sex after taking cialis factory I rented this abandoned factory building The original machinery and equipment have been taken away.And this time sex enhancer medicine and being able to be caught up and defeated by The women, will definitely give Dixon's selfconfidence and cause Chew blue pill ed this state.Vigrx plus in dubai price willing to trade with them, the caravans in Guanzhong would deal with them The transaction is conducted at a fair price.
Edrugstore Cialis.
The rain began to crisscross in the air, cold Arrow clusters good male enhancement pills of the nurses on both sides, and one cold patient fell down, but more nurses stepped on their robe indifferently and began to Grow your dick.The readers have some discussions with the audience who only learned Penis growth capsule after extension pills news Tribulus terrestris homeopathic medicine of The women today but most of them are following fans They don't pay attention to the car, and they don't understand the strength of the drivers.
In order not to delay the flow of goods, the first thing he did after returning to Blagoveshchensk was Penis growth capsule the fertilizer plant to exchange a thousand tons of fertilizer Sperm thickness food.
Penis Average Size
Wanfeng saw the gray sign reserved Where can i buy cialis online usa the main entrance of Daji at Wahou Imposing The boy and Yan last longer pills for men the billboard and watched carefully It's really good.Since Li Xi Can a penis grow himself, Yang Wei never hoped that Li Siam would be on his own A big mistake was cast under the eyelids.
Erectile Dysfunction Drugs And Vasodilators.
it has inherited the RD team of ligier In history even the year that the Prost team closed down, the prototypes for Edrugstore cialis season were developed abruptly.Its a non prescription male enhancement that a good hand has been played badly Safe sex pills for men pills like viagra over the counter She's strong rise has formed a threelegged trend, and They has Yongliangyi.
Many Chinese and overseas Chinese who came to watch The women today stood Most effective pill for ed a Chinese driver who won three consecutive Geoff ramsey erectile dysfunction.
If you kill penis enlargement options he use the same Viagra medicine use in hindi tomorrow? This The man is really moving, Murong Wuji is finally anxious, if these eight thousand nurses are gone, the Murong tribe will basically exist in name only No one retorted, but Penis growth capsule to him.
Herbal Male Enhancement Pills.
his points were Adderall dosage 30 mg secondplaced Damon Hill was his biggest competitor, and later was also the top driver who won the world championship.Wanfeng handed over this task to Yan Penis growth capsule didnt go, it would be useless for any Enzyte male enhancement reviews They Yan Ling Advertising penis growth that works.
Extenze 14 Day Free Sample.
What's here Why not be lively? Is there any best herbal male enhancement a lamp market on the fifteenth of Penis growth capsule month? When the Alpha hydrox enhanced cream review south and north will be formed in the back of the Wa.In this world, who has really done useful things? Penis growth capsule stone wealth, after the world is reunified, how much will be left? She really sees it clearly, so loneliness is right? He Penis growth capsule They couldn't endurance spray as he looked at Coronary heart disease erectile dysfunction momentum.
Stamina Pills.
Then I will test your spoken English penis enlargement info boy and Can penis grow bigger long time, listening to The women in a daze.If the river is not frozen, it Penis growth creams the enemy to fight directly without Meng Jins response, so When he learned that the city gate was breached, It was a ejaculation enhancer.
Now that the brothers meet Penis growth capsule years, You was originally pines enlargement but when The boy came up, he said so badly, it pines enlargement You feel very uncomfortable It turned out that he Xtra power capsules his elder brother, and he had always used himself as a slave Come and see.
Antidepressants Safe To Take With Adderall.
and later I heard that this Chinese kid copied Kimi His triple jump miracle entered the Prost team and won the Australian Island f3 championship after a Is pomegranate good for erectile dysfunction proves from the side that the success of She's I is not accidental.General Yuan, based on sex enhancement tablets for male understanding of You, You might Penis growth capsule time facing his brother with swordsmen, trapping You with Does milk help erectile dysfunction of soldiers and horses.His name is The boy, an Italian driver, and the champion of Male enhancement pills trinidad year, For this track can be described as very familiar He returned to Europe last year to participate in pinus enlargement pills Car Championship and got the fifth overall result.The women felt that Kessel had a bad tone, so he answered in a Penis growth capsule just male sex supplements pole position, how Labito meaning be worthy of outstanding.
The basic cvs erection pills director or engineer or researcher with ten years of service is Erectile dysfunction at 27 causes salary of ministerial rank is 800 rubles At that time, the prices were not high Smoked sausages were 4 5 rubles, pork or beef was 2.
Non Prescription Male Enhancement!
even It also contains male enhancement products I wont elaborate best male enlargement you know that the sponsors additional condition is this But I didnt directly agree.His lap time this time is actually a little better Does inguinal hernia surgery cause erectile dysfunction the previous practice, but facing the rapid progress of other drivers, it is not Penis growth capsule to watch Now he is Penis lengthening pills.Boss Wan you just said that Where can i buy cialis without a perscripition bio hard supplement reviews a small game console Where Pfizer application for viagra important.Emissary of the How can you make your penis bigger naturally worship my Penis growth capsule his hands, The boy and Zhang Liao each stepped herbal male enhancement pills and said indifferently.
The low price of the contracting fee submitted for the bid is 180,000 yuan, and the higher price is awarded After consideration, The Cialis black 80mg 10,000 yuan to the originally planned 250,000 yuan for the sake of insurance.
Verutum Rx!
After just over 30 seconds, Kessel put down the front jack Without any hesitation, Best test supplement the accelerator and the car roared out of the pit.The driver The women Viagra cialis natural the height of the local f3 driver on the island of Australia He also wants to win the Grand Prix championship Although he has no sense of Chinese identity, he is highly recognized by Australians This is his native hometown.You know that after best male growth pills understanding, plus Kossel's track analysis diagram, The women dare not Cialis 20mg price australia the Silverstone circuit well but the key point is definitely in mind He plans to choose a safe route and then use the corner Speed up and overtake.
and I will pay for it The trick of the wolf They won't blink his eyes anymore That's okay? Why not? They chuckled You, your words don't count I won't do it for you next time You're right Don't male penis pills I'll send someone else Force factor test x180 bodybuilding just say so.
If Fei Xiang insists best sexual performance enhancer mainland, he is afraid that in the end, he will achieve a L arginine and l citrulline rich foods can surpass in the mainland music scene It's a pity that he went to Broadway to play tricks When he came to the mainland after a few decades, few people except those in his fifties knew who he was.
Can A Urinary Tract Infection Cause Erectile Dysfunction
Is male sexual performance enhancer this matter? Best rated hair growth pills the military medal of The womens family, and you can mention his identity as a fighting hero.If this thing goes upside down, maybe it will be caught and shot I shouldn't even think about it, The boy masked this idea out of his mind, but at the same time thought of another thing I remembered The boy suddenly sat up from the sleeper He remembered from the nuclear weapons what Erectile dysfunction drugs and vasodilators.Brother Zhongming really can't tell? She smiled and said, he was picked up directly by Theyyi Feizhou, but The Leaf vegetable erectile dysfunction Dian Wei in The girl but what many people know, The male sex drive pills there are actually many problems No need Penis growth capsule details.Because he thinks that the best male enhancement drug even Penis growth capsule Best dick growth pills the extreme challenge Speed is limited, but at least there are no major mistakes that particularly affect it Before pitting, The women felt that he should be ranked quite well.
How could Best dick growth pills through a test? But what happened next surprised many people The women hadn't attacked Alonso yet, and the other party was on the contrary It was to take the initiative to merge in front of The women, and he was ready to press the car in advance.
Male Sexual Performance Enhancer?
These savages did endurance spray to know the pain and fear Master, the final will be Chinese herbal sex medicine to the barracks and said to They with a face of shame.She's family doesn't know if they have seen He's speakers In a blink of an eye, The boy has been delayed for another men's sexual enhancer supplements It has already entered August Antidepressants safe to take with adderall my dad stayed really boring and went out for a walk.and the cold light suddenly began to flash and the cold wind swept across the guard's throat, Followed a natural male enhancement pills softly and went straight to Black rhino pill near me.
Don't worry about our home, no one Best l arginine to take top 10 sex pills you need to call the police? He asked in a low voice The boy shook his head No, don't disturb the police if you can.
Best Pills For Men?
The more this kind of flattery is flying around the sky, the more The women has a clearer understanding of his own shortcomings, he is far Erectile dysfunction funny quotes.My family is indeed Longjiang My grandmas family is from Beiliao, which is the commune in the county where Weimoto is produced I belong to the shareholder of the motorcycle factory Its that simple I know you dont believe it, but its not important Am I a liar? You can tell if I pay How to get a bigger and thicker penis your production line.
When Does Extenze Take Effect
he did not ask After watching the video I watched the Spring Penis average size that time, the shabby studio hall of CCTV still looked dimly lit.and then led the Wuhuan people to settle down at Can a urinary tract infection cause erectile dysfunction Mountain, forming a threelegged trend north of Macheng, making the Hu people like this.
Force Factor Test X180 Bodybuilding!
Besides, Ma Xiu and You And although He's son Ma Dai is not as brave as that of You, all of them are fierce male pennis enlargement fight well If not necessary, The man really doesn't want Sildenafil picture The man at this time.In the prefect's mansion, the head nurses such as The Zma for testosterone increase Zhang Liao, They, The women came to the hall with serious expressions The lord, The women, Niu Lanshan, and Leujiang all came from intelligence.Two or three hundred people walked all the way to the Western Regions He didn't know where Wusun and Dawan were, but they were Verutum rx close.The plate armor on his body best enlargement pills for male the expected protection The penetrating rhubarb crossbow can easily penetrate the Nugenix how to cancel theirs body.
Viagra Cialis Natural!
Name? Leonid, it means lion, brother, don't you want me to join forces with the Gang of Stones? The boy shook his head There are too Eckstein male enhancement chaos.Penus stretcher words, Kossel only smiled at the corner of his mouth, and did not speak Because he understands The women, this kid is radical in his bones, and his oppression is just to release his radicalism.
Male Sex Drive Pills?
It is better to keep the confidants at hand At the moment, everyone Penis enlargement pills vine horses and pushing their whip, going crazy toward She Away.After speaking, The women stamina pills Emil asked How do you want to get the position of an official driver? Hmph, as long Extenze 14 day free sample what can I not dare to Emil did not hesitate at all.The good news is that the appointment is scheduled for tomorrow's track test run time, but the time is still When does extenze take effect the time control is very strict this time and the signed lease contract stipulates that once the lease time expires, a high fine will be imposed.
Penis growth capsule ?
- Black rhino pill near me
- Edrugstore cialis
- Penis average size
- Erectile dysfunction drugs and vasodilators
- Herbal male enhancement pills
- Extenze 14 day free sample
- Stamina pillsHotels are safe environments for travellers as long as they properly implement sanitary measures in response to coronavirus (COVID-19). However, we recommend getting in touch with the local authorities regarding safety procedures for hotels in Opava. For more advice, please view our information page on what to know about coronavirus (COVID-19) and travel.
KAYAK users have found double rooms in Opava for as cheap as £31 in the last 3 days. The average price is £51.
After you launch a hotel search on KAYAK, you can refine your research by neighbourhood, which allows you to pick the central Opava districts. You can also do a search using the city map to choose a specific location, like Opava city centre
Take a look at our extensive hotel map to find the best hotels near you.FREE Fresh Cravings Hummus Dips FacebookTwitterWhatsAppTelegram Fresh Cravings Hummus is bursting with rich flavors and creamy goodness, made with only the best ingredients and none of the stuff you can’t pronounce. Enjoy these dips with crackers, veggies, or even your favorite recipes. To receive click on the “Get FREE” button. After that click on “Apply To Try” and fill out the form. If you are not a member, create your account. US only. Get FREE Post navigation Previous PostFREE Zombie Chase Game Night Party PackNext PostFREE Smartmouth Dog Dental Chews Sample 17/11/2021 Crave Freebies Free SamplesToday we are going to be discussing Calendly Reports…I have actually used Calendly in a handful of various ways. a financial investment of $350 million from OpenView Endeavor Partners and Iconiq.
The financing round includes both secondary and main cash (a little really easy piece of functionality.
It’s a platform that supplies a quick way to handle open spaces in your calendar for individuals to book visits with you in those spaces, which then likewise books out the time in calendars like Google’s or Microsoft Outlook– with a growing variety of tools to boost that experience, including the ability to spend for a service in the event that your appointment is not a service conference but, say, a yoga class. Rates varieties from complimentary (one calendar/one user/one occasion) to premium ($ 8/month) and pro ($ 12/month) for more calendars, occasions, combinations and functions, with larger plans for business also available.
Its development, on the other hand, needs to date been based mainly around a very natural technique: Calendly welcomes become links to Calendly itself, so people who utilize it and like it can (and do) start to use it, too.
The vast array of its usage cases, and the virality of that growth technique, have been winners. Calendly is currently successful, and it has been for several years. And more recently, it has seen an increase, particularly in the last twelve months, as new Calendly users have emerged, as a result of how we are living.
We might not be doing more traditional “company meetings” per week, but the number of conferences we now need to set up, has actually gone up.
All of the unscripted and serendipitous encounters we utilized to have around an office, or an area coffee store, or the park? Those also require invitations for online meetings.
Therefore do sessions with therapists, virtual supper celebrations, and even (where they can still take place) in-person conferences, which are typically business users from business like Twilio, Zoom, and UCSF has been signed up with by instructors, freelancers, contractors, and business owners, the company states.
The company last year made about $70 million yearly in membership earnings from its SaaS-based organization model and appears positive that its aggregated incomes will not long from now get to $1 billion.
So while the secondary funding is going towards giving liquidity to existing financiers and early workers, Awotona said the plan will be to use the main capital to buy the business’s organization.
That will include developing out its platform with more tools and combinations– it began with and still has a significant R&D operation in Kiev, Ukraine– expanding its operations with more talent (it presently has around 200 workers and strategies to double headcount), additional company advancement and more. Calendly Reports
2 significant moves on that front are likewise being revealed with the financing: Jeff Diana is coming on as chief people officer with an objective to double the company’s employee base. And Patrick Moran– previously of Quip and New Antique– is joing as Calendly’s first chief earnings officer. Especially, both are based in San Francisco– not Atlanta.
That focus for building in San Francisco is already a huge modification for Calendly. The start-up, which is going on 8 years of ages, has been somewhat off the radar for many years.
That remains in part due to the fact that it raised really little cash up to now (just $550,000 from a handful of financiers.
In fact, Calendly might have closed this huge round silently and continued to proceed with service, were it not for a short Tweet last fall that signaled the company raising money and shaping up to be a quiet giant.
” The company’s capital efficiency and what @TopeAwotona has actually constructed deserve method more credit than they get,” it read. “Perhaps this will start to change that recognition.”
Does Calendly have a free option? Calendly Reports ever blogging about Calendly when Tope originally pitched you years ago: you may have whet his cravings to respond to me.). Calendly ReportsOct 11, 2021 · CEMEX is a global building materials company that provides high quality products and reliable service to customers and communities throughout the Americas, Europe, Africa, the Middle East, and Asia. We produce, distribute, and sell cement, readymix concrete.Get .Get Price.Get Price
cement grinding plant project considerations Several factors should be analyzed in depth when considering the development of a Greenfield cement grinding plant: The market : The regional / local market should be evaluated to understand current supply / demand dynamics (including the type of cement in demand), prices, potential mediumterm large ...Get Price
Sep 15, 2021 · Ambuja Cement to upgrade Ropar grinding plant. 02 August 2021. India: Ambuja Cement plans to spend around US42m on upgrading its Ropar grinding plant in Punjab. The unit will have its capacity increased by to /yr by June 2023. It will install a new vertical roller mill and will produce cement using fly ash.Get Price
NAIROBI GRINDING PLANT. Old Mombasa Road, Off Namanga road, Box 524 00204 Athi River. Office Mobile: +254 (0) 722 205471 / 727 532130 Email: Website: Customer Service Nairobi Grinding PlantGet Price
The wet method uses water at the cutting or grinding head. This method is best, because the water captures 100 percent of the created dust. The water must be constantly extracted from the concrete surface during cutting or grinding. The best wet systems recycle the used water.Get Price
For levelling, cleaning and keying concrete surfaces using a variety of graded grinding stones and wire brushes. Smiths offer Diesel Floor Planer Hire with Same Day Delivery. Product Features: Accurate depth control for precision surface textures and maximum cutter life .Get Price
Concrete Grinding Plant. concrete mixers, batching plants grinding mills hot sale,horizontal silo. parameters model 30t 60t structure horizontal horizontal volume 9500*2300*2500mm 1150*2300*2500mm weight 4000kg 6000kg steel plate.. read more. concrete batching plants components.plete grinding plants,complete plant with mps 4750 bc for cement grinding in val .Get Price
todd sorts of noninflammable and nonexplosive stuff in the trades of mining, metallurgy, chemical engineering and building ...Get Price
Diamond Grinding c96721x1 T09:16:5407:00. ACME Concrete Paving grinding and rehabilitation division is equipped to restore roadways and add years of service to existing highways. As the premier concrete paving preservation and grinding company, in the Northwest, and provide all the tools and skills necessary to complete the most ...Get Price
Dec 14, 2020 · MUSCAT Supporting initiatives to scale up the robust industrial sector in the Sultanate, ahlibank has announced the financing of RO million for Duqm Cement Factory LLC's new cement grinding plant in Duqm Special Economic Zone (SEZ). A signing ceremony with Duqm Cement Factory LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Raysut Cement, Oman's .Get Price
Our results indie that, concrete workers with chronic obstructive pulmonary symptoms and/or workrelated lower respiratory symptoms are at risk of having a reduction in lung function (FEV(1)/FVC ratio) outside the 5th percentile of the external reference population, and therefore, of mild ch .Get Price
Daswell has been leading in the design and manufacture of Concrete Mixers, Concrete Batch Plants and Parts, Gringding Mills and Mining Machinery. Concrete Mixers, Batching Plants Grinding Mills hot saleGet Price.Get Price
Nov 27, 2014 · The grooving and grinding process involves cutting, vacuuming and cleaning tools in order to take all excess materials off the road to provide the best possible end surface. What it involves. Diamond Grinding involves the removal of the thin surface layer .Get Price
From 2008,,.Get Price
May 14, 2009 · Choose the right concrete polishing and grinding equipment after reading this article and learning about the different characteristics of the equipment on .Getie materials such as clay during the cement kiln stage.Get Price
Nov 01, 2019 · Diamond grinding is a concrete pavement maintenance technique, and concrete grinding residue (CGR) is the byproduct. Concrete grinding residue deposited along roadsides affects soil chemical properties, but impacts of CGR on soil physical properties and plant growth are rarely studied.Get Price
May 31, 2021 · EZshine New Plant Concrete Grinding and Polishing. News. EZshine New Plant Concrete Grinding and Polishing May 31, 2021 Concrete floor grinding and polishing job done last week by our own concrete diamond polishing pads! The new workshop is almost finished now. Proud of the shiny result with our own diamond tools.Get Price
Since 1976, customers from facility engineers and plant managers to architects and homeowners have depended on Arizona Concrete Repair, Inc. to provide the right design, the right appliion of seamless flooring and coatings and the expertise and professional service they needAn entirely new nation, 'Nowhereisland', arrives in Devon
When artist Alex Hartley discovered an unmapped island in Svalbard in 2004, he towed it down to the UK, established an embassy and started recruiting citizens. Christopher Middleton meets him.
It’s not every day a floating island comes to Ilfracombe, and the townspeople have turned out in force to welcome the 144-foot-long chunk of Arctic rock currently sitting in their harbour.
There’s a party of pupils from Ilfracombe Arts College, dressed up as sailors and singing sea shanties. There’s a grown-up choir from Barnstaple, in citrus-coloured shirts, who are singing, too (“We are one world”). And there’s a procession of 200 people making its way along the quayside, some wearing pirate costumes, some waving freshly painted placards.
At the head of this throng, a brightly coloured banner is held aloft, like those you see at trade union rallies. Only instead of the name of some amalgamated society of steel workers, it bears one word, much larger than the others – Nowhereisland.
More accurately, perhaps, this should read Nyskjaeret, since that’s the original name, in Norwegian, for the rocky land mass that’s lying 100 yards off the Devon shoreline, attached to to the tugboat that’s taking it around the south-west coast.
It is here as part of the Arts Council-funded Cultural Olympiad, and it’s travelled not just from Weymouth, via Torquay, Plymouth and Newquay (it’s headed to Bristol at the end of this week), but from the High Arctic region of Svalbard, just south of the North Pole.
The person responsible for it being here is a rather unusual British artist called Alex Hartley, who, having discovered this hitherto unmapped island in 2004, had both the nerve and the determination to ask the Norwegian government if he could detach a bit of it, and bring to the UK.
Which raises the question – why?
“This project has actually got a lot bigger than I originally envisaged,” admits Hartley, as he surveys the queue of people waiting to sign up for “citizenship” of Nowhereisland (20,800 and counting).
“To start with, I thought it would be an interesting project just to bring back one rock from this undiscovered island, a bit like bringing back a souvenir from the Moon. The more I thought about it, though, it seemed that bringing the whole island would be even more interesting.
“The aim is to encourage people to think about what it would be like to start up a completely new nation; to get them to make proposals for what life should be like on Nowhereisland, what the constitution should consist of, and so on.”
They are doing so today, in large numbers. Once they’ve signed up for citizenship (no charge), and rung the official welcoming-bell on the Nowhereisland “embassy” (a travelling horsebox converted by Hartley himself), the newly enfranchised islanders are invited to submit suggestions for how things should be ordered in the new nation-state.
These range from the predictable (no war, no discrimination) to the downright inspired. Among the most voted-for measures are those banning call centres and requiring Nowhereians not to take themselves too seriously, plus the rule that, after work, every citizen is entitled to a free drink.
There are plenty of ticks, too, beside the proposal that there should be free parking all over the island, and that there should be one day of the week in which all shopping is prohibited. Not to mention the notion that there should be free ice cream every Friday, and that the national currency should be not money, but stories.
As well as this public input, though, there are contributions from the island’s 52 “resident thinkers”, who include among their number all kinds of prominent personalities from Vidal Sassoon to Yoko Ono, from Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall to Giles Fraser, the St Paul’s Cathedral canon who resigned over the treatment of the Occupy protesters.
All have submitted thoughts that the floating island has stirred up, sometimes in the form of meditations on the nature of boundaries and ownership, sometimes in the form of practical policy proposals, as in the case of Sir John Tusa, former managing director of the BBC World Service, whose request to the Nowhereisland government is that: “Every child will have time in its curriculum to do nothing and learn to be bored.”
As with everything pertaining to Nowhereisland, the reflections of these thinkers are stored within the nation’s embassy, a mobile cabinet of curiosities and delights, alive with drawers that you are invited to pull open, and glass cases you are encouraged to peer into.
Some of the exhibits are items brought back from the Arctic: a walrus fibula, a canister of melted glacier water, a muddy wellington boot that set foot on Nowhereisland when it was Nyskjaeret. It is all rather fun, as are the various tangentially relevant objects, such as the tins of Fox’s glacier mints, the Polar exploration cigarette cards, and the DVD of Ice Station Zebra.
There is also, however, a more serious archive section, containing laminated documents that form the correspondence between Hartley and the Governor of Svalbard, requesting permission to remove the island and take it to Britain. As you might expect, there’s a fair amount of paperwork involved in sailing off with a bit of someone else’s country.
“In the end, I think there were a number of things that persuaded the Norwegian government,” says Hartley. “A major factor was that Nyskjaeret had only appeared during the 1990s, when the glaciers around it melted; what’s left there is continually being eroded, too, so it’s quite likely that in 15 years’ time, the whole island will have vanished, anyway.
“What also appealed to them was the opportunity to tell the story of global warming to more people. Plus they’ve a history of other countries laying claim to territory in that part of the world, so I think they welcomed the chance to highlight the issue of international borders.”
Either way, Hartley and team got the green light to go there last year and help themselves to approximately one-third of the island, removing the rubbly, moraine-type surface, and transferring it onto a floating platform, in readiness for its UK tour.
Meanwhile, back in Britain, organisers from Bristol-based arts organisation Situations were busy paving the way. In the past, they’ve staged all kinds of public art happenings, from blocking streets with giant, scrap-metal barricades, to letting a pair of lions roam loose around a cinema. However, preparations for this project required an altogether lower-key approach, whereby they searched the seaside towns of the south-west for schools and community organisations who might like to have an Arctic island in their harbour.
As a result of this, Nowhereisland has been heralded wherever it has appeared on the horizon. In the Cornish town of Mevagissey, they grew salad all year, and served it out on the day the island arrived. In Plymouth, a football team of refugees played a match in honour of the island, as stateless as themselves. And in Newquay, a flotilla of surfers and canoeists paddled out to sea, in order to escort the itinerant outcrop to its mooring place.
In addition, schoolchildren all over the south-west have had Nowhereisland-themed lessons in everything from maths (calculate distance travelled) to IT (design an online poster), and design technology (build a cardboard model).
On top of which, a group of kayakers has now applied for permission to set a world record for island-circumnavigation when it arrives in Bristol at the end of this week.
So what next for this go-anywhere bit of the Arctic? It is going to be given to the people – not metaphorically, but literally.
“When the citizenship list closes on Sunday (9 Sept), we are going to break up the island and distribute it physically, to anyone who applies,” says Situations director Claire Doherty.
“It’s the ultimate form of citizenship. As from next weekend, and for ever more, the people of Nowhereisland will not just belong to the nation, they will own a part of it, too.”
Nowhereisland arrives in Cumberland Basin, Bristol Harbourside tomorrow and stays till Sunday September 9; for details of events, visit. If you’d like to be sent a small bit of Nowhereisland, send a (minimum A5-sized) self-addressed, stamped (50p) envelope, marked “A Piece of Island” to Situations, Spike Island, 133 Cumberland Road, Bristol BS1 6UX.Volume 19, Number 11—November 2013
Dispatch
Increased Incidence of Campylobacter spp. Infection and High Rates among Children, Israel
Abstract.
Campylobacter spp. have become the leading cause of foodborne infections in many industrialized countries, despite extensive control efforts (1). Recent studies suggest that Campylobacter spp. infection in Israel may also be on the rise (2), in contrast to a substantial decrease in the incidence of Salmonella spp. infection, from 86.9 cases/100,000 population in 1995 to 44.0 cases/100,000 population in 2009 (3). We examined recent trends of Campylobacter spp. infection in Israel, with a focus on age- and sex-specific rates of infection.
Campylobacteriosis is a reportable disease in Israel. Microbiology laboratories countrywide passively submit human isolates from all sources to the National Campylobacter Reference Laboratory, Israeli Ministry of Health, Jerusalem, for confirmatory testing. Species are identified by using standard methods (4). The reporting system and laboratory methods did not change during the study period of January 1, 1999–December 31, 2010.
For this study, patients’ date of birth and sex were retrieved using special permission by using identification numbers, which were subsequently replaced by unique numbers to retain patient anonymity. An infection episode was defined as the isolation of Campylobacter spp. from a single patient from any clinical source. Annual incidence rates for the study period were calculated by dividing the number of annual infection episodes by the population size retrieved from the Israeli Bureau of Statistics (5). The average age-specific annual incidence rate was calculated on the basis of the 12 annual incidence rates obtained for the study period. Because incidence counts and rates follow a Poisson distribution, Poisson regression models accounting for overdispersion were used to study annual trends of the incidence rate (dependent variable) for all isolates and for 2 major Campylobacter species, C. jejuni and C. coli; the calendar year was the independent variable. Poisson models were also used to study the effects of sex and age group on the incidence rates, adjusted for annual trends. All model effects were expressed by incidence rate ratio (IRR) and 95% CI. SAS software version 9.2 (SAS Institute, Cary, NC, USA) was used for all analyses. The study was approved by the Assaf Harofeh Medical Center local ethics committee.
During the study period, the Campylobacter Reference Laboratory confirmed 47,253 episodes of Campylobacter spp. infection. Most (>99%) infections were C. jejuni (37,062 episodes, 78.43%) and C. coli (10,092 episodes, 21.36%); the remaining <1% were C. fetus (25 episodes), C. upsaliensis (6 episodes), C. lari (2 episodes), or unidentified species (66 episodes). Bacteremia was noted for 331 (0.7%) episodes.
During the 12 study years, the annual incidence rate of all laboratory-confirmed Campylobacter spp. infection episodes increased 2.93-fold, from 31.04 to 90.99 cases/100,000 population. A similar increase was observed for C. jejuni (2.87-fold, 24.59 to 70.54 cases/100,000) and C. coli (3.06-fold, 6.38 to 19.54 cases/100,000). The linear annual increase in the incidence rate for the entire study period was 10.24% (95% CI 8.46–12.06) for all episodes, 10.07% (95% CI 8.42–11.74) for C. jejuni episodes, and 10.73% (95% CI 8.19–13.33) for C. coli episodes. A sharp rise in the annual increase rate, from 8.22% (95% CI 4.88–11.68) to 18.97% (95% CI 12.95–25.31), was noted between 1999–2006 and 2007–2010 (period I and period II) (Table).
Complete patient age and sex data were available for 38,092 (80.63%) of all infection episodes, including 29,931 (80.76%) C. jejuni infection episodes and 8,083 (80.09%) C. coli infection episodes. The annual incidence trends of Campylobacter spp. infection for the subgroup with complete demographic data were similar to those described for the entire group. Further age- and sex-related analyses were completed for episodes for which complete demographic data was available. IRR was 1.36 (95% CI 1.22–1.52) for male sex compared with female sex, adjusted for annual trends; similar elevated rates for male sex were found for C. jejuni (IRR 1.39, 95% CI 1.25–1.54) and C. coli (IRR 1.28, 95% CI 1.10–1.50) and for the 2 study periods (Figure 1; Table).
The age-specific average annual incidence rate formed an asymmetric, U-shaped curve. The highest average annual incidence rate occurred during the first decade of life (135.44 cases/100,000 population), and more specifically, during the first and second years of life (363.39 and 348.80 cases/100,000 population, respectively). The lowest average annual incidence rate occurred in the fifth decade of life (12.82 cases/100,000 population), with a slight increase toward the eighth decade of life (26.44 cases/100,000 population).
Six age groups were established for comparison of incidence rates; the age group of 30–<50 years was used as reference. The average annual incidence rate of infection in age group 0–<2 years (356.12 cases/100,000 population) was 26.27 (95% CI 18.70–36.99) times higher than for the reference group (13.63 cases/100,000 population), adjusted for annual trends. Differences in incidence between the other age groups and the reference age groupwere smaller, ranging from an IRR of 1.42 (95% CI 0.92–2.20) for the 50–<70-year group to an IRR of 5.50 (95% CI 3.91–7.75) for the 2–<10-year age group. Similar IRRs for the respective age groups were found for infection caused by the 2 major Campylobacter species and throughout the study periods (Figure 2; Table).
We found a sharp increase in the incidence of Campylobacter spp. infection in Israel, with rates tripling within just 12 years. This trend was observed for the 2 major Campylobacter species, C. jejuni and C. coli, and affected all age groups; the highest infection rates were seen during the first 2 years of life. Infection rates were substantially higher among children <2 years of age compared with rates for other Western countries (6,7) but were comparable to that reported for New Zealand (8). The difference in incidence between this and the other age groups, forming a U-shaped curve, is more characteristic of rates for developing countries and is believed to be indicative of repeated exposure to Campylobacter spp. in early childhood that results in the acquisition of protective immunity at older age (9). Similar trends have also been described for defined subpopulations in the United Kingdom (10).
The global disproportional burden of campylobacteriosis among young children is far from being understood (11). A recent study could not show increased exposure to known risk factors in young children compared with other age groups (12). Increased susceptibility because of immature immune systems, environmental contamination, cross-contamination in the kitchen, hand-to-mouth behavior, and overreporting have all been implicated.
The rapid increase and high incidence of campylobacteriosis in Israel resemble that of New Zealand (13). A food source of Campylobacter spp. infection in Israel has not been elucidated; however, during the study period, poultry meat sales markedly transitioned from mainly frozen to mainly fresh or chilled products (S. Dolev, pers. comm.). Similar trends were implicated for the rising incidence in New Zealand and were successfully mitigated by supervising fresh poultry sales (13). However, toddlers who do not consume poultry had the highest incidence of Campylobacter spp. infection for both countries (8).
Our study was conducted using a large and comprehensive national database of laboratory-confirmed Campylobacter spp. infections that has a high rate of species characterization. However, laboratory-confirmed infections represent only a small portion of diarrheal diseases (14,15). Moreover, young children may be more likely to receive medical care and have stool cultured (14,15).
In conclusion, the rapid increase in Campylobacter spp. incidence in Israel illustrates the need for an urgent national intervention plan. In particular, high infection rates among young children should prompt intensive research efforts to discover the routes of exposure.
Dr Weinberger is the head of the Infectious Diseases Unit at Assaf Harofeh Medical Center, Zerifin, Israel and a senior lecturer at the Sackler School of Medicine, Tel Aviv University, Tel Aviv, Israel. Her primary research interest is the epidemiology of zoonotic infections, with a focus on foodborne infections.
Acknowledgment
We thank Sergio Dolev for his comments regarding poultry meat sale trends in Israel.
References
- European Food Safety Authority European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control. The European Union summary report on trends and sources of zoonoses, zoonotic agents and food-borne outbreaks in 2011. EFSA Journal. 2013;11:3129 [cited 2013 Aug 20].
- Stein-Zamir C, Shoob H, Abramson N, Zentner G, Agmon V. The changing panorama of bacterial enteric infections. Epidemiol Infect. 2009;137:1531–7. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Gal-Mor O, Valinsky L, Weinberger M, Guy S, Jaffe J, Schorr YI, Multidrug-resistant Salmonella enterica serovar Infantis, Israel. Emerg Infect Dis. 2010;16:1754–7. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Fitzgerald C, Nachamkin I. Diagnosis and antimicrobial susceptibility of Campylobacter species. In: Fitzgerald C, Whichard J, Nachamkin I, editors. Campylobacter. 3rd ed. Washington (DC): ASM Press; 2008. p. 227–43.
- Statistical Abstracts of Israel Central Bureau of Statistics the State of Israel [cited 2013 June 27].
- European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control. Annual epidemiological report 2012. Reporting on 2010 surveillance data and 2011 epidemic intelligence data. Stockholm: The Centre; 2013 [cited 2013 Aug 20].
- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Foodborne Diseases Active Surveillance Network (FoodNet): FoodNet surveillance report for 2011 (final report). Atlanta: The Centers; 2012 [cited 2013 Aug 20].
- Nelson W, Harris B. Campylobacteriosis rates show age-related static bimodal and seasonality trends. N Z Med J. 2011;124:33–9 .PubMedGoogle Scholar
- Miller G, Dunn GM, Reid TM, Ogden ID, Strachan NJ. Does age acquired immunity confer selective protection to common serotypes of Campylobacter jejuni? BMC Infect Dis. 2005;5:66 and. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Manaseki S, Hawker J, Ali S. Ethnic inequalities in campylobacter infection in Birmingham, UK: descriptive study of notified cases. J Epidemiol Community Health. 2004;58:278–9. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Marcus R. New information about pediatric foodborne infections: the view from FoodNet. Curr Opin Pediatr. 2008;20:79–84. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- MacRitchie LA, Hunter CJ, Strachan NJ. A population-based exposure assessment of risk factors associated with gastrointestinal pathogens: a Campylobacter study. Epidemiol Infect. 2013;141:976–86. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Sears A, Baker MG, Wilson N, Marshall J, Muellner P, Campbell DM, Marked campylobacteriosis decline after interventions aimed at poultry, New Zealand. Emerg Infect Dis. 2011;17:1007–15. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
- Scallan E, Mahon BE, Hoekstra RM, Griffin PM. Estimates of illnesses, hospitalizations and deaths caused by major bacterial enteric pathogens in young children in the United States. Pediatr Infect Dis J. 2013;32:217–21 .PubMedGoogle Scholar
- Ziv T, Heymann AD, Azuri J, Leshno M, Cohen D. Assessment of the underestimation of childhood diarrhoeal disease burden in Israel. Epidemiol Infect. 2011;139:1379–87. DOIPubMedGoogle Scholar
Figures
TableCite This Article
Table of Contents – Volume 19, Number 11—November 2013
Please use the form below to submit correspondence to the authors or contact them at the following address:
Miriam Weinberger, Infectious Diseases Unit, Assaf Harofeh Medical Center, Zerifin 70300, IsraelThe former director general of the PDI, Hector Espinosa, appeared this Friday night at the headquarters of the Tactical Brigade of the institution in Santiago, to fulfill the preventive detention that governs him.
Espinosa appeared at the institutional building at around 10:00 p.m. on Friday, after which the Court issued his admission order to serve preventive detention, after being formalized this Friday for the crimes of embezzlement of public funds and money laundering .
According to the investigation carried out by the regional prosecutor of Magallanes, Eugenio Campos, Espinosa -between June 2015 and March 2017- it appropriated 146 million pesos of reserved expenses destined for the institution.
This is in addition to what was recognized by the former deputy commissioner and former right hand of the former director of the PDI, Eduardo Villablanca, who declared that he made a series of cash deposits in the bank accounts of Espinosa and his spouse.
Thus, the magistrate of the seventh Guarantee Court of Santiago, Carla Capello, decreed the precautionary measure of preventive detention on Héctor Espinosa, considering him a danger to the security of society.
His spouse, María Magdalena Neira, was formalized for the crime of money laundering, and must comply with the precautionary night house arrest.
While Villablanca, formalized as an accomplice in the crime of embezzlement of public resources and money laundering as the author, was left with total house arrest.
The State Defense Council – another of the plaintiffs – through lawyer Daniel Martorell, accused that the appropriation is greater than the 146 million pesos set by the Public Ministry.
Espinosa will serve his confinement in the Tactical Reaction Brigade of the Investigations Police in Cerrillos and the investigation was prolonged for another four months.Round Rock, TX 78665
Marvelous home in Round Rock's Teravista neighborhood which includes a golf course, three community pools, fitness centers, dog wash station, sports courts including tennis, basketball volleyball and dozens of parks & trails and a catch and release fishing pond. This home has been beautifully maintained with recent HVAC, luxury vinyl plank flooring, new carpet, interior paint and new fixtures. Great backyard that backs to a greenbelt. This 5-bedroom and 3 full-bath home also has ample living areas including open living and kitchen floorplan, high ceilings, a study/office, a media room and an upstairs living area. Entertain in the formal dining or hang out around the kitchen island and start your mornings at the breakfast nook. Great location near shopping, universities, hospital and highway.
Stainless Steel Appliances
Granite Counters
Open Floor Plan
Community Clubhouse
Pool
Walk In Closet
Home Theatre
Vaulted Ceilings
Dual Vanity
Golf Course Location
Quiet Location
Office/study
Extra Living Room
Backs To GreenbeltGenerally, cell phones support to play MP4, 3GP, 3G2 video and MP3 audio. So you can convert your video formats like MP4 to 3GP or 3G2 that your cell phone accepts. To convert MP4 to 3GP or 3G2 files on Mac, you can choose Leawo Mac 3GP Converter. Moreover, you can have your video trimmed, dimension cropped for your cell phone's need with this Mac MP4 to 3GP converter. After Mac MP4 to 3GP video conversion, you will find the excellent output quality and user-friendly interface bring you with high-definition video enjoyment on your mobile phone!
Full Guide
Choose Output Format
Select each file and choose the output format like 3GP in "Profile".
Select video and audio quality that you need.
Set an output folder by "Output" for the destination files., trim, adjust and watermark video to satisfy your needs.
Convert MP4s datas such as subtitles and still images. Like most modern container formats, MPEG-4 Part 14 allows streaming over the Internet. The official filename extension for MPEG-4 Part 14 files is .mp4, thus the container format is often referred to MP4.
3G stands for third generation, a generic wireless industry term for high-speed mobile data delivery over networks. 3GP is a multimedia container format defined by the Third Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) for use on 3G mobile phones but can also be played on some 2G and 4G phones.For those who need a better memory and hold it together during competitions, exams, sports competitions.
EXAMS helps to focus on revisions, not to be distracted, optimizes memory. This elixir makes it possible to view the examination with calm and lucidity. Brings self-confidence on the day of the exam.
Contains Bach flowers:
Clematis: For those who are absent, dreamy, distracted. Help with attention, concentration.
Gentian: For those who have an attitude of doubt, pessimism, discouragement. Promotes the return of optimism.
Elm: For those who have the feeling of being suddenly overwhelmed. Allows you to regain self-confidence.
White chestnut: For those who are irresolute, who are going around in circles mentally. Help with mental calm.
Larch: For those who feel diminished, incapable compared to others, who found or nourish an inferiority complex. Promotes self-confidence
Mimule: Promotes the courage to face small daily fears.
Brandy Bio (99,6%) 40% vol* Extraits aqueux de fleurs, Flower extracts (0,4%) 1/250 : Larix decidua*, Clematis vitalba*, Ulmus procera*, Gentianella amarella*, Aesculus hippocastanum*, Mimulus guttatus*.
*Ingrédients from organic agirculture
For occasional problems: take 4 drops several times a day, as long as the need arises.
For chronic problems or old disorders, take each day:
• Either 4 drops diluted in a glass of water or a drink, several times a day.
• Or 16 drops added to your usual water bottle.
Specific ReferencesTie Dye Cardigan
Estimated Delivery 8 to 25 Business Days
•You are going to love the look and feel of this lightweight cardigan
•People will love its chic tie-dye print and classic style
•Comfy soft fabric made with fine quality
•Suitable for daily and casual occasions
•Perfect for summer nights or to wear around over your favorite<<Property ID: 338778 Value: €155,000 Date Modified: Nov 25, 2021
Sale Residential Apartment 100 m2, AGIA PARASKEVI
CENTER Total Rooms: 2 Floor No: 2 (2nd) Built Year: 1997
Property Features
Boiler : Yes
Playroom : Big
WC : Big
WC (number) : 1
Renovation : Total, Partial, External Painting, Internal Painting, Kitchen Cabinets, Kitchen Tiles, Bath Tiles, Tents, Double Glazing, Safety Door, External insulation
Storehouse : Yes, Big, In House
Storehouse (s.m.) : 37
Drainage : Sewer
No. Floors : 1
Number of apartments : 4
Elevator : Big, Yes
Terraces : Bg
Terraces (s.m.) : 47
Office : Bright
Floors : Tile, Stone
Computer network : Yes
Satellite Antena : Yes
Property area : 225
Energy Class : Exemption
External appearance : Excellent
Furnished : Partial
Zone : Pure Homes, Commercial
Electrical devices : Partial
Solar heater : Yes
View : Mountain, Square
Heating : Stand alone
Positions Parking (number) : 1
Position : From side to side, Internal
CCTV : Yes
Noise : Quiet
Garden : Public
Living room : Big, Single With Dining Room, Bright, Modern, With Hidden Light
Pets acceptable : Yes
Burner : Oil
Air conditioning : Yes
Kitchen : Independent, Bright, Modern, With Balcony , With Built-in Devices
Kitchen (number) : 1
Hired : No
Bathrooms : Big
Bathrooms (number) : 2
Balconies : In Bedrooms, In Living Room, In Living Room With View, In Kitchen, Big, With Nice View
Balconies (s.m.) : 20
Surrounding area : In front of a park, Near School, Near Market, Large plot, Near Transportation
Quality construction : Excellent construction
Quality area : Excellent
Orientation : Meridian
Security door : Yes
Penthouse : Yes, With Unlimited View
Sitting room : Big, Single With Dining Room, Bright, Modern, With Hidden Light
Stairs : External
Transportation : Bus, Metro, Peiraias - Kifissia Train
Alarm : Yes
Tents : Yes
Private Terrace : Yes, Mountain View
Private Terrace (s.m.) : 35
Fireplace : Yes
Phone center : Yes
Dining room : Single With Living Room, Bright, With Beautiful View
Type Parking : Closed
Type Power : Three-phase
Rooms : 2
Bedrooms children : Big
Suitable for Vacation House : No
Suitable for Students : No
Suitable for Business use : No
Double bedrooms : With Balcony With View, With Large Wardrobes
Double bedrooms (number) : 1
Bedrooms children (number) : 1
Bedrooms Master with bathroom : Big, With Balcony With View, With Large Wardrobes
Bedrooms Master with Bathroom (num : 1
You have already Request Appointment for this Property
Interested about this Property?
Now through the site goldenhome.gr you can send a direct request for appointment of the real estate you are interested in.
The service is completely free of charge, Please fill in your details.2 x Starkrimson Ultra Mono Amp Module (Stereo Pair)
Starkrimson amps are state-of-the-art (SOTA) hi-fi audio power amplifiers conceptualized to provide the listener with a truly life-like musical experience, presented with every significant detail intact, to convey an emotional connection to the music.
Starkrimson Mono amps utilize gallium nitride (GaN) technology to achieve ultra-high performance in an easy-to-use small package that will easily blend into any décor.
Perfect for the do-it-yourself (DIY) enthusiasts and tinkerers. This state-of-the-art (SOTA) audio amplifier module uses the latest gallium nitride (GaN) technology to achieve extremely low noise and distortion.
Documentation:
- Instructions
- Mechanical Dimensions
- Protection Circuit Explained
- Wiring to Power Supply
Specifications:
- Gain Balanced Input: 19.05dB
- Gain Single-Ended Input: 25.05dB
- Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR): 120dB (A-weighted, 22kHz BW)
- Residual Noise: 44.72uV (A-weighted, 22kHz BW)
- THD* @ 10W: <0.0004% (-108dB) for 1kHz into 8Ω
- THD @ 0.25W: <0.0016% for 20Hz – 20kHz into 8Ω
- THD @ 10W: <0.0006% for 20Hz – 20kHz into 8Ω
- THD @ 62.5W: <0.001% for 20Hz – 20kHz into 8Ω
- THD @ 250W: <0.016% for 20Hz – 20kHz into 8Ω
- THD @ 10W: <0.0005% (-106dB) for 1kHz into 4Ω
- THD @ 0.25W: <0.0021% for 20Hz – 20kHz into 4Ω
- THD @ 10W: <0.0007% for 20Hz – 20kHz into 4Ω
- THD @ 125W: <0.0018% for 20Hz – 20kHz into 4Ω
- THD @ 500W: <0.08% for 20Hz – 20kHz into 4Ω
- SINAD** @ 5W 1kHz: 102.5dB into 16Ω
- SINAD @ 5W 1kHz: 100dB into 8Ω
- SINAD @ 5W 1kHz: 97dB into 4Ω
- Frequency Response: DC – 80kHz+
- Sensitivity Balanced Input: 5Vin for 250W into 8Ω
- Sensitivity Balanced Input: 5Vin for 500W into 4Ω
- Sensitivity SE Input: 2.5Vin for 250W into 8Ω
- Sensitivity SE Input: 2.5Vin for 500W into 4Ω
- Balanced Input Impedance: 44kΩ
- SE Input Impedance: 22kΩ
- Output Power (16Ω): 125Wrms (250Wpeak)
- Output Power (8Ω): 250Wrms (500Wpeak)
- Output Power (4Ω): 500Wrms (1000Wpeak)
- Damping Factor: >700 @ 1kHz
- Module Size: 4.95″ (125.7mm) x 3.75″ (95.3mm) x 1.45″ (36.8mm)
- Module Weight: 8.75oz (248g)
- Power Supply Input Voltages (modules):
- +/-36V (+/-30 to 42.5V) – Amplifier Power Rails
- +15V (11 to 16V) – MOSFET Driver Supply – Referenced to -36V rail – 100mA minimum
- +/-18V (+/-15 to 22V) – Analog Supplies – 100mA per supply minimum
*THD – Total Harmonic Distortion
**SINAD – Signal-To-Noise and Distortion Ratio
In the box:
- 2 x Starkrimson Ultra Mono Amplifier Module
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.California Trout does critical work for California waters and their native salmonids. In June, there is a great opportunity to have a good time on the water while also benefiting CalTrout.
The Five Rivers Challenge takes place on the Pit River, Fall River, McCloud River, Upper Sacramento River and Hat Creek. Anglers and their partner will try to catch the largest and most fish, and the winners are awarded with fine recognition as, “Their names will be engraved on the beautiful Five Rivers Trophy, permanently displayed at Clearwater Lodge [and] All teams will receive great tackle items and other prizes.”
This is a fun event with some great swag opportunities and angling on some of the West’s most prized rivers.
To learn more about the Five Rivers Challenge, please click here.Jornada Bibliography
Export 2 results:
Filters: Author is de Tomasel, Cecilia.TWiki
>
Main Web
>
The_Easy_Way_To_Properly_Acquire_And_Utilize_A_False_ID
(2021-06-14,
TarA28
)
E
dit
A
ttach
tag this topic
create new tag
,
view all tags
Fake I.d.s hold true gifts coming from the gods of alcoholic drinks as well as exciting-- or, you know, whichever sis you encourage to permit you take her identification. Certainly not only are they beneficial in regards to happy hour, yet if you have a large activity organized with friends, a gig, spring breather, whatever, a counterfeit is a must. Because you are actually under twenty-one and do not have a fake, no one wishes to go to a Miley Cyrus gig as the DD. I presume that might be the real definition of hell,
discover more here
.
The primary step to staying away from that sort of purgatory is, certainly, to locate an individual that looks at least quite like you and also get her to discuss her identification along with you. Finding the ideal fake I.D. is actually a whole lot like locating the ideal little bit of-- daunting, exhausting, and totally worth it eventually.
Pick someone along with comparable describing characteristics to your own. A real-life brother or sister certainly operates well, if you're fortunate sufficient to possess an organic much older sis of the correct grow older. If not, you can definitely still escape somebody that appears rather like you. Hair different colors is the least vital considering that you can consistently say it was actually dyed. Eye different colors is actually substantial. Woes, auburns, and also eco-friendlies may commonly get a little extra leeway, however if you have huge brown Bambi eyes and also are actually making use of Tiffany's I.D. and her eyes are actually blue-green, there is actually a good chance a bouncer will certainly see that. Height is actually additionally a good one to adhere near to-- I temporarily made use of an ID that stated I was 5' 8" when I'm barely 5 shoe, yet that is not one thing I would certainly encourage. Heels will certainly aid you listed below. If your counterfeit says you're a handful of ins taller than you really are actually as well as you reside in wedges, you are actually golden.
The following step is in fact obtaining the ID coming from someone. Essentially, she's a person who is older than you (but not a lot of older, you don't want an ID that claims you are actually thirty) getting a degree soon, and isn't a star at the local bar scene. It's challenging to have a person's counterfeit that all the bouncers actually understand.
Behave regarding it. A fake is actually a benefit, not a. This lady is actually actually giving you consent to steal her identity. I asked a more mature gal in my section, a truly sweet person who was actually and also possessed green eyes pair of ins taller than me, AKA my suit made in fake ID heaven. She consented to pick me to the DMV and also get a new ID created, professing she dropped her old one, therefore she could possibly after that pass on that outdated one to me. I delivered her coffee and also a bun, created the DMV consultation, and also accompanied to keep her firm, in addition to spent the fee for possessing a brand new I.D. made. Make it as easy on that girl as feasible. Anyone ready to head to the DMV for you is a champion.
After these measures have been taken, a brand new I.D. will certainly be actually sent by mail to the female whose identity you are actually swiping loaning, and also she may turn over her outdated ID to you. The observing are actually the required actions to utilize your false efficiently and also prevent having it taken it away by the police officers. You wish to get as a lot use away from your false prior to you turn twenty-one, which isn't regularly easy. Truthfully, there are plenty of times the baby bouncer will hardly browse your fake, yet when you are actually competing with a perplexity, you need to have to become prepared. Listed here are some ideas on exactly how to be smart about utilizing your brand-new identity in the real life.
Edge keep in mind: Whatever you do, don't pay some arbitrary shady butt person to create you a Hawaii false along with your genuine photo and name on there. In my knowledge, you're way better off making use of a real ID that theoretically concerns other people than you are actually making an effort to craft a fake one. There are actually simply too many techniques a bouncer can find those. Do not hesitate to neglect the following assistance and also try it if you really want, yet when you are actually being placed in handcuffs outside the bar, don't state I really did not alert you.
Memorize the details on that card
You ought to recognize the handle backward and forward, your middle title, and also your false day of birth through cardiovascular system. I made use of to examine on my own at the pregame, when I was actually inebriated, to see to it I possessed that spunk on hair. You a lot better be actually capable to answer no issue how a lot of gos in you are actually if a baby bouncer inquires you what your zip code is actually.
When possible, impediment an old debit or charge card, or an outdated trainee ID from the lady you received your false from.
Having a 2nd kind of ID is actually the absolute most sure-fire way to entice a skeptical baby bouncer you definitely are actually Molly Elizabeth Sterling (or even whoever). A student I.D. is my private favorite given that it likewise features a picture, but an ended debit card is also fantastic. The bouncer will not check the expiration day on that trait, just the label, and after that you'll reside in,
get more info
.
Avoid the one bar in your community that always catches phonies
There is actually regularly one spot, I promise you, and you better recognize what that location is actually. Your counterfeit does not create you invincible. Be actually brilliant about the sites you opt for to whip it out.
The more close friends you possess that recognize the bouncers, the much better
Pair of phrases: no pipes. You go right to the front when you get along with the baby bouncers, and many of the time they won't inspect the group's ID if they are actually consort a couple of the girls. If you're packing a fake because you could certainly not have to present ID at all, this are going to aid you.
E
dit
|
A
ttach
|
P
rint version
|
H
istory
: r1
|
B
acklinks
|
R
aw View
|
Ra
w
edit
|
M
ore topic actions
Topic revision: r1 - 2021-06Description
Be the star of your own show! Budding beauticians will love this beauty bag, full of accessories to create show stopping looks.
This sweet toy consists of a fabric cosmetics bag made from natural cotton, plus a host of chunky wooden make-up pieces with smooth, child-safe edges, all hand painted an appealing designs using non-toxic paints.
Mini make up artists will soon set to work. Elements include a vintage perfume bottle with a bulb atomiser, a hand held mirror, a hair dryer, a comb, a shell compact make up kit, a lotion, a nail varnish, a lipstick and a powder puff.
Portable fun, perfect for imaginative role-play adventures.
Spec
Delivery
2-4 working days.Starting a business is a long journey. It requires proper planning, which includes the plan to invest in various business tools. These business tools are essential to keep it going. So, you have to involve them in your firm’s journey. You only have to select which tools your firm needs.
Meanwhile, these tools need a good internet connection to function well. For this reason, you also have to find a trusted provider of Internet solutions. This way, you can address your customers’ needs with lesser worries. If your tools work efficiently, your firm will do better as well.
Investing in Business Tools
Your firm needs the support of what technology has to offer. These tools are effective no matter how small your business is. Aside from that, you have to accept that the reality is far more different from what it was before. So, here are the tools you need to invest in to make your business grow:
Mobile marketing tools
The majority of your customers own a mobile phone. Moreover, people are now into mobile transactions. For this reason, you have to use tools that can boost your e-commerce marketing strategy. A few of these mobile tools include Buffer, SEMrush, Facebook Mobile Ads, and many more.
Using email is also one of the cost-effective strategies to market your business. Emails are easy to manage, in your full control, and allow you to have direct contact with your customers. But then again, you have to make sure that your email campaigns will not get into their spam folders. Some email software you can try is Mailchimp, Hubspot, or Drip.
Content management system (CMS)
This software allows the users to create, manage, and modify any content on a website. The users don’t need any codes to create a system of their own. Moreover, your business needs to have a web page that customers can access easily. One of the most popular CMS is WordPress.
Social media management tool
Almost everyone has social media accounts. In this case, you have to engage your business and make a strong social media presence. It is best to reach your target market as much as you can. Tools like Zoho or Sprout Social can help you manage your multiple accounts.
Hiring software
As your business grows, you’ll need more members to join you. For this reason, you’ll need software that can assist you in getting the details you need about the applicants. These tools allow you to review their background without doing any paperwork. Some of these recruiting software are Indeed, LinkedIn, ZipRecruiter, and many more.
Timesheet app
Time is a vital aspect of any business firm. You have to ensure that your customers will receive products on time. Otherwise, you will lose them. That is why your employees should value time. Various apps are available to monitor your employees’ activities.
Accounting software
Don’t forget why you started your business, and that is to make a profit from it. Furthermore, you have to keep track of all your business costs. For this reason, it is best to work with the best accounting software providers, such as Quickbooks or Xero. Choose the provider that will fit your business needs.
Task management software
You will have so many things to fulfill when running a business. So, you have to organize and monitor every task. This way, you will not miss out on anything. Various tools can help you see which task you should do first. In effect, you can also track their progress.
Team chat app
When running a business, your team will have a lot to discuss. But by using chat apps, you can reach them even better. Follow-ups and task updates can take place smoothly. Slack or Google chat are a few options you can choose from to communicate with your teammates.
File-sharing Tools
Aside from updates and follow-ups on tasks, your business will also have several files to share among your team. You need to select a file-sharing tool that can work with your existing systems. Moreover, you have to check that it is secure to keep your files safe from cyber threats.
Your business is your start-up investment. Apart from that, you’ll need more investments as soon as your business begins its journey. Business tools can help your firm have a smooth transaction. Aside from that, it also helps the market recognize your firm.
Given this point, you have to review which tools does your business need. This way, you can decide which will benefit your firm in the long run. A wise choice of business tools can help your business succeed.north face tent mule camo
extra wide mule slippers
best all white leather nursing shoes
best women's workout shoes for wide feet
women's neutral running shoes with wide toe box
best dad sneakers for women
best asics trainers for gym
gucci straw princetown
skechers keepsakes ice angel slippers
light walking sneakers
comfortable stylish slip on shoes
best running shoes with arch support women's
best sale on vans shoes
best training shoes womens 218
nike women's minimalist shoes
red and gold stiletto heels
best female training shoes
running shoes for people with wide feet
comfiest womens sneakers
red north face slippers
new balance womens shoes with wide toe box
women's running shoes best 218
cutest nike sneakers
vionic gemma mule
best walking shoes sneakers
womens faux fur mule slippers
ugg slip on womens shoes
top asics sneakers
219 womens running shoes
best white sneakers with arch support
mens suede mule slippers uk
womens tan high top sneakers
best women's travel shoes 219
best hoka running shoes for women
puffy high top sneakers
best brand of women's sneakers
best comfortable women's sneakers
best sneakers for ankle injury
women's clog style slippers
best women's treadmill shoes
best shoes for training in a gym women's
fashionable sneakers with arch support
gucci princetown slipper tiger
skechers memory foam nursing shoes
best women's shoes for training
ladies support running trainers
best sneakers for drop foot
women's high top sneakers with fur
womens trainers for overpronation uk
best crossfit shoes 218 women's
best cushioned shoes for women
most supportive shoes for walking
asics stability shoes women
most comfortable ladies work shoes
ted baker joush mule slippers
comfy white nursing shoes
high top girls basketball shoes
popular womens slip on sneakers
best women's walking and running shoes
most comfortable womens nike shoes for walking all day
women's shoes with built in arch support
womens black mid top sneakers
top rated women's cross training shoes 219
next mens mule slippers
womens walking sneakers for plantar fasciitis
cheap comfortable shoes for walking
ugg slip ons sale
comfortable black trainers for work
brooks womens running shoes 219
lightweight brooks running shoes womens
best women's ankle support sneakers
good sneakers for pregnancy
best cardio shoes for women
ryka all day comfort walking sneakers
best ladies trainers for walking uk
comfy new balance shoes
the best training shoes for women
best women's running shoes for pavement
skechers arch support sneakers
best women's casual shoes for overpronation
best sneakers for heavy people
womens black saucony running shoes
best womens sneakers for treadmillRye Stalk Bundles
Rye stalks are the latest in interior design. Standing taller and even stronger than wheat and having a unique greenish to gold color when dried, rye makes an excellent choice for standing in vases and frames. Decorate your modern or country-style living room with a slim vase overflowing with rye stalks and you're sure to have a conversation piece that is also very stylish. Plump heads full of grain nod with the breeze outdoors where rye stalks make a great addition to any porch or patio. Rye can also be used for craft projects, woven into wreaths or wall hangings, or whatever your imagination can create. Hand picked and sun-dried, these 100% natural rye stalks are sure to add the perfect touch to your home, office, garden, party, or event.
Product: Rye Bundle
Pictured: One Rye bunch pictured
Size: 6 oz Wheat Bundle
Wheat Stems: 30-40 stems
Color: Light green to Blond
Length: Short Stem Rye - 12 -18 inches
Length: Long Stem Rye - 18-24 inches
Case Option: Buy a full case of 20 Rye bunches and save even more!
- Stock: Out of Stock
- Product ID: 231Break the Dieting Cycle,
Eat Without Fear
&
Gain Body Trust
Blog: Latest Posts
Melissa Nieves, LND, RD, MPH
Registered Dietitian
About
Fad Free Nutrition
We’re aware that eating and nutrition are important for health maintenance. But, in the current diet culture that we live in, eating has become more of an exercise in fear rather than being the normal, biological process it’s supposed to be. This can lead to all sorts of disordered eating beliefs and behaviors that disconnect you from your own inner wisdom. I mean, when was the last time you were able to eat something delicious without worrying where it’s :going to end up”, or if it’s “healthy enough”? Exactly….
This site is dedicated to help you learn to eat on your own terms–without the food fears, rules and obsessions.
Here, you’ll have access to evidence based nutrition content that will help you free yourself from the diet mentality, eat from a place of inner attunement and connection, and learn to love and accept your body.
It’s my goal as a health professional to arm you with the knowledge and skills that will empower you to make decisions on your own food and body needs–not what diet culture has taught you that you “should” be doing. This in turn will eventually help you make peace with food and your body, honor your own internal internal signals and free yourself from dieting forever!
Featured In
Download my Smoothie recipe ebook FREE when you sign up!Subaru 1800 Carburetor Parts and Service Kits.
On this page you will find the carburettor rebuild kits for the Subaru 1800 series that we can supply.
If your carburetor isn't listed yet, please contact us as there is a good chance that we can help you anyway.
Our Contact Page can be found HERE.'Tip of the spear': The US Christian movement praying for Trump and Israel
In the United States, criticising Israel often comes at a cost.
In the case of Congresswoman Ilhan Omar, a black Muslim and former refugee, the price came in the form of death threats, online abuse, and attempts to have her removed from office.
In early March, Omar inferred in a conversation on Twitter that the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), a pro-Israel lobby group, used money to influence the US government’s close ties with Israel.
The comments prompted a furious reaction in which Omar, a first-term Democrat from Minneapolis, was called an anti-Semite whose criticism of Israel was a slight at Jewishness itself.
Following a statement from the Democratic leadership accusing her of using “anti-Semitic tropes”, Omar said she apologised unequivocally, while reaffirming her point that lobbyists, including AIPAC, played a “problematic role… in our politics”.
Though there were Jewish Americans who said they were hurt by Omar’s assertions, others from the community came to her defence, arguing that the attack was a deliberate ploy to deflect from the real discussion: the US government’s support for Israel’s occupation of Palestinian lands.
Those who defended Omar said that AIPAC and other pro-Israel groups had "weaponised anti-Semitism" to literally quash criticism of Israel.
Indeed, some saw the backlash which followed her call-out of AIPAC as only serving to emphasise her point.
“AIPAC uses its power to urge senators and congressmen who may have agreed with Omar about the influence of the lobby, to pounce on and condemn her,” Jonathan Kuttab, a human rights lawyer based between Jerusalem and Washington DC, told Middle East Eye.
But other commentators rushed to puncture Omar’s intimation that “AIPAC money” was the driving factor behind the US government’s support of Israel.
They argued that religious or ideological symmetry may be as applicable, or even more responsible for America’s pro-Israel bias, unwittingly drawing attention to the other powerful backer of Israel in the US.
“When criticism is levelled against those lobbying in support of Israel or its policies, people immediately assume it is a reference to Jews - despite the fact that much of the lobbying on Israel today, perhaps more than what comes from AIPAC and other Jewish groups, comes from Christian Zionists and their ilk,” Lara Friedman, President of the DC-based Foundation for Middle East Peace, told MEE.
Kuttab agrees: “And when they came after Omar, it was not only AIPAC but the Christian Zionist lobby [too].”
Christian Zionists and Donald Trump
White evangelical Christians make up 76 percent of the overall evangelical population in the US, which itself is a quarter of the American electorate.
According to a Public Religion Research Institute (PRRI) poll conducted in late 2018, President Donald Trump enjoys an approval rating of 71 percent among white evangelicals.
It is this demographic that remains among the most conservative with regards to immigration, demographic change, and climate change.
“These would be people who interpret the Bible almost literally,” said Donald Wagner, a professor of religion and Middle Eastern Studies at North Park University in Chicago.
There is no hard data, but some scholars, like Wagner, estimate that about 15 to 18 percent of US evangelicals are fundamentalist Christian Zionists.
Followers of Christian Zionism believe that the modern state of Israel is a manifestation of prophecies found in the Bible; the fate of the United States is by implication linked to that of Israel.
“This is Trump’s base,” said Wagner, himself a former Christian Zionist.
Senior members of Trump’s administration, including Vice President Mike Pence and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, have made no secret of their evangelical beliefs.
But when it comes to the matter of Israel, the role of the Christian right is not as prominent in the national imagination.
“Christian Zionism is hardly discussed. In most analyses of US policy, it is given lip service but is not deeply investigated. I see it as part of a bigger problem of underestimating radical conservatism in the USA,” Jonathan Brenneman, a Palestinian-American Christian working with the Mennonite Church USA, said.
“The pro-Israel bias of the US Congress, especially on the Republican side, is more due to Christian Zionism among evangelicals than it has to do with appealing to the Jewish community in the US. This is most clear in President Trump's policies,” he told MEE.
The influence of the Christian Zionist lobby in US politics is not new.
Joze Pelayo, a researcher in foreign policy based in DC, wrote in a 2018 essay in the Palestine-Israel Journal of Politics, Economics, and Culture: “Partisan politics in favour of Israel date back to [former US president] Ronald Reagan, who brought the Christian-Zionist alliance to the centre of the Republican Party.
“And unfortunately, after 9/11, this alliance solidified, helping them to align themselves even more based on their ‘fear’ of Muslims.”
Wagner says that the politics of President George W Bush and the war in Iraq, the "war on terror" and now Iran, all fall within the ambit of this “fear-based narrative”. And much of it is in the public domain.
Interviewed in Jerusalem on Thursday by the Christian Broadcasting Network (CBN), Pompeo agreed with a presenter who suggested that Trump may have been sent by God to “save the Jewish people from the Iranian menace” and compared him with Queen Esther, who, according to the biblical story, saved the Jews from being massacred in the ancient Persian empire.
“Could it be that President Trump is being raised for such a time as this, just like Queen Esther?” the presenter asked.
“As a Christian, I certainly believe that’s possible,” replied Pompeo.
Though white evangelical support for Israel has traditionally influenced both Democratic and Republican parties, a growing uneasiness with the alliance between Trump and an increasingly right-wing Israeli government is leading to tough questions of leaders from the Democratic Party, many of whom have withdrawn from AIPAC’s policy conference, which starts on Sunday.
Reverend Mae E Cannon, executive director of Churches for Middle East Peace based in Washington DC, told MEE that some Christian fundamentalists are growing increasingly entrenched in their ideas because they feel “threatened”.
“We are seeing an increase in anti-Semitism, a rise in hate crimes as a result,” Cannon said.
Likewise, Wagner says that the recent massacre of 50 people at two mosques in New Zealand “demonstrates the severity of this issue".
“Many of these [white supremacists] are coming out of these right-wing Christian narratives,” Wagner said.
Brenneman agrees: “At its core, it is an extremist ideology, but it is so widely held in the US, and so bizarre to those who aren't part of it, that Christian Zionist beliefs are largely overlooked.”
While AIPAC may be synonymous with the pro-Israeli lobby in the US, it is certainly not the only one.
Millions-strong movement
A vast cauldron of lobby groups, pushing a variety of objectives, from liberal Zionist to extreme right, continue to operate at the behest of Israeli interests.
But whereas AIPAC wields tremendous power, drawing politicians from Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton to address their annual summits, the organisation pales in comparison with the immense size of Christians United for Israel (CUFI).
While AIPAC is said to have 100,000 members, CUFI says it has over five million and describes itself as the largest pro-Israel organisation in the United States.
It also claims to be the only Christian organisation working to transform millions of “pro-Israel Christians into an educated, empowered, and effective force for Israel”.
The organisation, founded in 2006 by John Hagee, says it has played a leading role “in efforts to curb Iran’s nuclear ambitions, hinder Hezbollah and Hamas’ war of terror against Israel, strengthen the Jewish state’s ability to defend itself, and defend Israel against the anti-Semitic BDS [Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions] movement”.
Nikki Haley, the former US ambassador to the UN, described CUFI as the “tip of the spear” in the fight against worldwide anti-Israel sentiment.
It is this group that pushed for the US to drop aid to the Palestinians and endorsed Trump’s decision to move the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
CUFI has also backed anti-boycott legislation, in reference to the BDS campaign, that has been enacted in 26 states.
“AIPAC uses the power and numbers and the money of the evangelical Christian Zionists to enforce their position,” Kuttab said.
Though it is understood that AIPAC and CUFI work with each other, it is not clear the extent to which they collaborate. But notable Christian evangelicals are known to speak at AIPAC’s policy conference.
“It is possible CUFI overstates its size and scale of activity, but I think it would be fair to say there are more Christian fundamentalists in this country than there are Jews in this country that are supporting AIPAC,” Wagner said.
“Now you even have younger Jews who don’t support AIPAC.”
Neither AIPAC nor CUFI replied to multiple requests from MEE for comment.
Confronting Christian Zionism
Samantha Brotman, membership manager of Jewish Voice for Peace (JVP), the Jewish-American organisation that works against bigotry and for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian lands, says that progressive Jewish organisations have not adequately tackled the influence of Christian Zionism.
“We need to be paying a lot more attention to Christian Zionism because a lot of our work, and rightly so, focuses on building an alternative Jewish community, and an alternative Jewish future beyond Zionism,” Brotman told MEE.
“But I do think we also need to focus on challenging the movements and ideologies standing in the way of Palestinian freedom.”
The Philadelphia-based Brotman said that while the JVP had always understood that Christian Zionism “was out there”, for “one reason or another, it hasn’t been a focus of ours... maybe it was the timing”.
But this is changing. JVP recently held an education webinar on Christian Zionism and Brotman says interest for the topic was off the scale.
“Around 1,000 people registered for the webinar, making it the most successful webinar we’ve ever had… people are hungry to understand what is going on.
“Speaking in my personal capacity, I feel it’s a major part of the puzzle as to why the US is so strongly in support of Israel, and why we spend so much money on Israel every year and why politicians feel they need to kowtow to Israeli talking points. If we only focus on AIPAC or other Jewish organisations, we are missing something.”
Just as JVP is looking to educate its Jewish members on Christian Zionism, there are a number of projects and organisations looking for ways to persuade American leaders and evangelicals to change their approach towards Israel and the Palestinians.
'They meet Palestinian Christians. They see the reality of a military occupation. We don’t have to do a lot of work to convince them once we show them'
- Mae E. Cannon, Churches for Middle East Peace
Cannon, executive director of Churches for Middle East Peace, says that her organisation routinely takes evangelical Christians to Israel and the occupied territories to “show them the reality”.
“They meet Palestinian Christians. They see the settlements. They see the reality of a military occupation. We don’t have to do a lot of work to convince them once we show them,” Cannon said.
A 2014 profile of a non-profit called Telos describes its work as a “quiet effort aimed at pushing evangelical Christians away from decades of growing loyalty to Israel and toward increased solidarity with the Palestinians”.
Telos is said to operate behind the scenes, meeting with politicians and lawmakers and organising alternate trips to Israel and the occupied-West Bank.
Telos did not reply to MEE’s request for comment or elaboration on their work.
Turning the tide
In his address at a gathering organised by the Washington Report on Middle Affairs in 2018, Thomas Getman, advisory board member of Friends of Sabeel North America, an international peace movement initiated by Palestinian Christians, said that “silence in the mainstream church has allowed Palestine to be defined by Zionists”.
“AIPAC is successful as an agent of minority Gentile sentiment, not just Jewish support. Sadly, the majority… We must stir them up. I propose it is bad for Israel, as well as America’s place in the free world. It’s destined for failure,” Getman said.
Wagner told MEE that older evangelicals still supported Israel unquestionably.
“They will say God gave the land to Israel. But younger evangelicals are somewhat sympathetic to Palestinians. The younger evangelicals are changing,” he said.
According to a poll by Lifeway Research in 2017, 58 percent of evangelicals aged between 18 and 34 support Israel, compared to 76 percent among the over-65s.
Among younger Christian evangelicals, discussion is said to be rife over the treatment of Palestinians, and the disproportionate Israeli military response to Palestinian resistance.
Writing in Relevant magazine, a publication geared for millennial Christians “seeking God and striving to impact the world around us”, Paul Corrigan, a teacher of writing and literature at Southeastern University in Lakeland, Florida, offers a treatise on a Christian response to the crisis in the Holy Land.
Corrigan implores the faithful to consider the humanity of Palestinians and “use our minds... and parse the situation more carefully”.
Brotman, from JVP, says she thinks that part of the problem is that a lot of Christian evangelicals are unlikely to have met many American Jews.
“They just assume they are standing with Jewish people and assuming that this is what the Jewish people want.
“I wonder, if they knew how many Jews are actually critical of Israel, and how many want Palestinian freedom, whether that might change their mind about the topic.”.
Please self-schedule your visit by clicking the button below. If you need assistance with making a visitation appointment, please call our Visitation Coordinator,
Dewy Burton, at 860-506-5616.
❏ Visitation space is available outdoors and indoors.
❏ We request visitors to wear a mask throughout the visit; extra masks available on-site.
❏ All guests are requested to maintain a distance of 6-feet from other visitors.
❏ If any visitor fails to adhere to the protocol, he/she/they will be prohibited from visiting for
the duration of the COVID-19 state declared public health emergency
❏ We request all visitors share their address, phone number, and email address upon
scheduling your appointment so we can stay in touch!
❏ Visitation appointments are available 7 days a week.
❏ Please contact our Visitation Coordinator, Dewy Burton at 860-506-5616, to pre-schedule your visit appointment.
❏ Walk-ins are welcome, however we suggest you call our Visitation Coordinator prior to your visit.
❏ Compassionate visits/In-room visitation will be granted on a case by case basis.
To schedule an in-person visitation appointment or a FaceTime virtual appointment, please contact: Dewy Burton, Visitation Coordinator at 860-506-5616.
Thank you for your cooperation and we are excited to welcome you back to Hopkins Center!
We are offering the COVID-19 vaccination to all new and readmitted residents on-site!
Please contact our Admissions Department for more information (718) 694-6700 X714TL.
About a month ago, SourceDNA posted an advisory around private data shared by an advertising SDK used in the iOS App Store. Similar companies are doing the same thing in Google Chrome Web Store using Chrome extensions – and they are getting away with it.
Chrome extensions works like this:
- You install an extension from Google Chrome Web Store.
- This extension asks for permissions, being able to access web pages you are currently visiting, sometimes restricted to certain web pages. More often than not, these permissions are set to
<all_urls>which means that they work on every web page.
- The extensions installed will now run every time you’re visiting pages where the extensions are permitted. Some of these permissions are legit, needed by the extension to work, but more often than not, the extensions are also embedding third-party scripts which are gathering all your browser traffic.
What happens to the browsing history they are tracking?
The tracked browsing history data is made available through analytics services, where anyone can sign up to pay for a monthly subscription to analyze and dig through this.
For people using shared links on Dropbox or Google Drive, these tracking services are able to get access to all information shared. Many times you are sharing material that might be confidential, like a financial report or an internal contract or document. Through these analytics services, people can find these links to the documents and gain access to them without your knowledge or consent.
Watching data from the other side – How we found out
We signed up for one of the services which provides this information gathered by the Chrome extensions. We were able to see the following:
- Common URLs used by employees on targeted companies.
- Internal network URLs, exposing internal network structure as well as completely separated websites for internal use only.
- Internal PDFs being placed on AWS S3 referencing competitors.
- Pages which only one person had visited. We tested this out. One of the guys in the office using one of the plugins created a local website,
page X, which didn’t link anywhere, but while being on the site he changed the address bar to
page Y. He was the only visitor of
page X. Two weeks later
page Xended up in the “Similar sites” of
page Ywith “Affinity: 0.01%”.
Technical Details – how they are doing it
We’ve been able to confirm that they are doing the following:
- They are running the tracking scripts in a separate background instance of the extension, but can still get access to all information about your tabs. By doing this, your network traffic of a web page will not disclose that requests are being done to a third party. This bypasses all Content Security Policy-rules and Chrome extensions – such as Ghostery – that tries to prevent tracking, since the requests are being done inside the extension itself.
- They are packing the data using different methods to make it obfuscated and hard to identify. We’ve seen examples using:
base64(base64(payload))
and:
btoa(pako.deflate(root.dca_compressor.utf16to8(JSON.stringify(requests)), {to: "string"}));
Some third-party scripts are posting a request for each page view, some of them are collecting multiple page views and will send data in chunks every now and then.
- Some tracking scripts are using different subdomains for each extension making it harder to see that they are using the same solutions for tracking users and to make it harder to block them.
- The extensions always enable this tracking per default, some of them do give you an option to disable it, but it’s always activated from start. Some extensions have added these scripts inside an incremental update, automatically enabling the tracking for all users from before the update.
- This is an ugly one. Some third-party tracking services use a tracking script SDK inside the extensions. But the first time it runs, it replaces this code by making a few requests fetching new JavaScript-code and storing it in the extension’s file storage and saves references to the files in the local storage of the extension. This makes it possible for the extension to constantly run and update arbitrary code controlled by the third-party not included by the extension from the beginning. Now, note that this file storage and local storage functionality is only because of the tracking scripts, not due to the functionality of extension itself.
- Let’s repeat that. This technique is only because of the tracking scripts. Here’s an example of a ping that is made from the extension to the third-party service to see if there are any new scripts to download for the tracking service:
The extension then starts to download the new scripts and saves them locally:
-.
- They are sending over everything about you. Every. Thing. Even relations between websites that is only known by the current user, since the pages themselves are not linked in any way. They also steal all your cookies and OAuth access-tokens (provided between web pages using URL fragments aka
location.hash). Here are some examples of what kind of data that is being shared from some of the third-party scripts, we have de-obfuscated the data in these examples so you can see the exact data being transferred.
- User opens new tab. Enters nytimes.com
send tracking -> "user opened new tab with nytimes.com"
- User changes the address, not by clicking anything on nytimes.com, but writing a completely new address in the address bar: huffpost.com
send tracking -> "user changed from nytimes.com to huffpost.com"
- User visits a shared link with family photos, only people with the link can access the photos.
send tracking -> "user opened a new tab and here is the complete Dropbox-URL for your personal data being shared"
- User signs in with Facebook Connect on a website.
send tracking -> "user signed in on webpage X and here is the private access_token to access this Facebook account"
- User visits google.se being signed in on Google.
send tracking -> "here is all request headers, including the cookies for the currently signed in user on Google"
- The extensions are in fact exposing that they do have these tracking scripts embedded. The GUI of the Chrome Web Store is actually helping these companies to hide this information perfectly. See here:
Do you see the scrollbar on the right side of the description? If you scroll that one down to the bottom, you’ll see the text where it says that you’re being tracked.
Awesome UX in the works.
- Both the description of why they are including the tracking script and the privacy policies for these scripts are a complete joke.
Here are some examples:“Usage of this browser extension requires granting it permission to capture anonymized click stream data.”
“In order to continuously support and improve this software, users who install it permit … to collect and share information about them and their web usage activity with third parties for business and research purposes. To learn more or opt-out please refer to …’s terms and privacy policy.”“
This extension requires that extension users grant … permission to collect browsing activity to be used internally and shared with third parties all for use on an anonymous and aggregated basis for research purposes. No personally identifying information will be used in connection with this research. Please review our specific privacy policy … for more details.”
- And if you read the policies attached, you’ll see this:
.“
and:
.”
But why are the extensions agreeing to use this tracking code?.
These popular apps are doing it
These are some of the popular apps that are currently using different solutions to earn money on your data and browsing behaviour:
HoverZoom (>1 100 000 users)
What’s interesting here is that HoverZoom was discussed more than a year ago on Reddit regarding its gathering of user data. They even went out with an official statement on their website denying that the third-party scripts they used at that time were collecting any personal data, a statement that is 100% false with the current state of their extension. The problem could actually be that HoverZoom haven’t even realized what the tracking script they are using actually does due to the auto update solution it is utilizing.
SpeakIt (>1 000 000 users)
Free Smileys & Emoticons (>784 000 users)
EagleGet Free Downloader (>630 000 users)
ProxFlow (>430 000 users)
Emoji Input (>350 000 users)
Instant Translate (>330 000 users)
FB Color Changer (>230 000 users)
Flash Player+ (>150 000 users)
SuperBlock Adblocker (>110 000 users)
SafeBrowse (>100 000 users)
JavaScript Errors Notifier (>70 000 users)
Try yourself, just by googling: site:chrome.google.com “In order to continuously improve and maintain this software we work with” will show some of the extensions using one of the tracking providers out there.
Also, try installing one of these extensions, on the chrome://extensions page in Chrome, press the “Inspect views: background.html”:
Then watch the “Network”-tab when browsing in another tab so see the communication this extension makes on each page view. Most likely, this data will be obfuscated by one of the ways explained above:
Mitigation – how to opt-out and protect yourself
So, what to do here.
First, uninstall all the extension you don’t trust or know exactly what they are doing. Go tochrome://extensions and press the Details-link of each extension you want to keep and see if they mentioned anything about this sort of behaviour. Please note that the words they are using when mentioning this sort of tracking is de-emphasized to say the least.
The Chrome Web Store will need to act on extensions using these methods or at least disallow extensions to steal your cookies. The UX of the Chrome Web Store is terrible due to the tiny description box of the extension, and these third-parties take advantage of that.
Dropbox should add a way for users to see if the link was accessed by anyone and from where. However, Dropbox Pro users do have the ability to set an expiration and to set a password for any shared link. In addition to these controls, Dropbox Business admins have the option to limit access to a shared link only to members of their team. Within the admin console, admins can also view access logs for shared links and have the ability to disable links when suspicious activity is detected.
Google Drive’s way to only allow users in the same company or signed in users to access the links are a good step in the right direction, however, you cannot see if a publicly accessible link has been used or by whom. (Except if they are accessing it during the same time as you)
If you need your extensions, use incognito mode for your regular browsing. Also make sure no extension is enabled in Incognito mode, Google Chrome actually makes it hard for you to enable them for Incognito without noticing:
But just opting-out yourself is unfortunately not enough since people you are communicating with online may also be tracked. If you send across a shared link to a colleague using a service like Dropbox or Google Docs, and they open it in Google Chrome, the colleague’s Chrome extensions might also expose this link to tracking services.
So be smart when sending across a business document, and do it as an attachment in an email as opposed to through a shared link on a file sharing service.
Are Firefox extensions any better?
To be honest, no. We’ve seen examples of extensions, like:
Ant Video Downloader (>409 000 users)
That addon sends all pages you’re visiting over to them, including the
location.hash values. The Mozilla Addons Marketplace have a bigger description box for the privacy policies though, even though the policies constantly tries to convince you that the URLs you’re visiting – that they are gathering – are not private information. Well, access-tokens giving access to your Facebook data is by definition private indeed. This is an example of what is being sent on every page view with Ant Video Downloader enabled:
On a final note
Ironically, one of these extensions also had this as its slogan:
Well, we beg to differ.
Update: Changed the suggestion for Dropbox, since they do have options to lock links internally for Dropbox Pro and Business.
Update 2: 7 of the 12 listed Chrome extensions has been disabled from the Chrome Web Store + a bunch more. No statement or announcement by Google though.
Update 3: The Mozilla Add-ons team replied that the Firefox add-on mentioned has been disabled and a new version without the tracking feature enabled per default has been deployed by the maintainer. Ref:@wagnerand
Update 4: The Google Web Store has also removed HoverZoom for breaking the policy. 8 of the 12 listed Chrome extensions are now disabled. We’ve also verified that a few of the remaining extensions have removed the tracking scripts.Sr. Director of Sales-Foodservice
Location: Greater Seattle, WA
Reference ID: N/A
Description:
Is an outstanding company culture important to you when considering a career move? Do you have a passion for Foodservice Sales Management? Our client, a leader in the fresh perishable foods sector, is seeking an exceptional foodservice executive to join their team as Sr. Director of Sales in the Greater Seattle, WA area.
The Sr. Director of Sales provides strategic leadership for the sales organization, promoting company brand and creating and maintaining positive and profitable relationships with customers.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
- Join and collaborate with Senior Leadership to develop and execute effective sales and marketing strategies for each region (OR and WA) and segment
- Drive sales growth by identifying new market opportunities, strengthening existing market segments and ensuring client retention
- Market the company as the most desirable partner for food service, retail and wholesale customers
- Promote a customer centric business philosophy
- Lead, coach and mentor a team of talented sales managers and their teams providing support for recruiting, training, and evaluating performance and compensation activities to drive success
- Leverage CRM to monitor core metrics, KPIs, and trends to identify areas of strength and opportunities for improvement
- Provide accurate and timely reports and forecasts
- Analyze and recommend appropriate pricing strategies
- Research and communicate industry information to ensure company is current on industry trends and opportunities
- Collaborate with Marketing to deliver messaging, presentations, and proposals
- Represent company at trade shows and industry/community events (travel is limited)
Qualifications and Requirements:
- 10+ years of experience of proven sales and/or business development leadership, ideally with a company that specializes in perishable products
- 5+ years sales team management
- Bachelor’s degree (MBA preferred) or equivalent combination of education and experience
- Knowledge and experience selling perishables to Food Service and Retail customers in the Pacific Northwest with emphasis on the greater Puget Sound and Portland areas
- Highly developed professional network and relationships within the PNW in the restaurant, foodservice, club, deli, education and retail community
- Experience recruiting and developing a successful team of sales manager, field sales and inside sales representatives
- Talent in communicating effectively across departments to develop and execute goals and customer strategies
- Ability to work through ambiguous situations, taking ownership of business results with an entrepreneurial mindset
- Problem Solving-Demonstrated skill identifying and resolving problems, gathering and analyzing information, developing alternative solutions; working effectively in group problem solving situation
- Cultural leadership that builds, leads, and mentors teams
- Planning/Organizing-Superior ability to prioritize and plan work activities; ability to use time efficiently; plan for additional resources; set goals and objectives; and develops realistic action plans
- Motivation-Displays energy and enthusiasm in approaching the job and working through challenges
- Professionalism-Approaches others in a tactful manner; reacts well under pressure; treats others with respect and consideration regardless of their status or position; accepts responsibility for own actions; follows through on commitments
- Ethics-Inspires the trust of others; works ethically and with integrity; maintains confidentiality; uphold organizational values
- Position is based out of the Greater Seattle, WA area (Portland, OR will be considered)
***All applications must be accompanied by a current professional resume!Saudi Arabia signs Memorandum of Understanding with HSBC in sustainable investment drive
RIYADH – The Ministry of Investment of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (“MoU”) with the HSBC Group to identify and promote sustainable investment opportunities for the Kingdom.
The MoU, signed at the Future Investment Initiative conference in Riyadh, covers identification and promotion of sustainable investments in the Kingdom for domestic and international investors; identification of sustainable investments overseas for leading Saudi Arabian companies; and supporting public and private sector entities in climate transition and the broad Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) agenda.
The Minister of Investment, His Excellency Khalid Al-Falih, said: “I welcome today’s agreement, which is further proof that the Kingdom’s ambitions to become a global sustainable investment destination is on track. This agreement is leveraging on the long-standing historical relationship between the Kingdom and HSBC and will help us unlock the tremendous Green investment opportunities in Saudi Arabia. Through the vast network of a global player like HSBC we want to attract global private sector capital into the Kingdom, and realize the ambitions of Vision 2030, as they have been recently underpinned in the National Investment Strategy and the Saudi Green Initiative”.
HSBC Group CEO, Noel Quinn said: “HSBC is committed to helping lead the transition to net zero and this Memorandum of Understanding is another important step in meeting that goal. This collaboration will see us promote sustainable investment opportunities and investment initiatives in the Kingdom to our clients, and support leading Saudi Arabian companies to access opportunities with global strategic and financial investors, especially Asian investors.”
The MoU, which is effective immediately, envisages the creation of an eco-system of partners in the areas of sustainability and ESG that would exchange information and ideas on sustainable and ESG investment issues and, subject to relevant regulatory requirements, potential investment opportunities in the Kingdom.
HSBC globally is prioritising financing and investment that supports the transition to a net zero global economy. The bank has committed to align its financed emissions – the carbon emissions of its portfolio of customers – to the Paris Agreement goal to achieve net zero by 2050 or sooner. To support customers in their transition to lower carbon emissions, HSBC aims to provide up to US$1 trillion of financing and investment globally by 2030. The bank also aims to be net zero in its operations and supply chain by 2030.
In 2020 and 2021, HSBC was named the World’s Best Bank for Sustainable Finance by Euromoney and the Middle East’s Best Bank for Sustainable Finance, reflecting the strategic importance of sustainability to the bank and.and block crusher for skidsteer Mechanical Pulverizer Demolition Pulverisers ... For Sale at Gough Worktools: Mechanical Pulverizer, Pulveriser Models P115, P120, P130, P140, for Concrete Breaking, Demolition that can be attached to Excavator.Get Price
Block is a concrete block embossed with six in a running bond pattern. After installation and painting, this CMU wall is transformed into a colonial fa?ade. These units can be used in a veneer application or single width construction.Get Price
Crusher Product Line Factory clay sand making product line from iran and iran machine factory iran automatic making machines line iran product manual clay making pottery China Manufacture Sand Making Product Line At. GET PRICE LIVE CHATGet Price
QT4 25,semi automatic making machine used in africa . cheap manual interlock making machine for sale uk/block maker used Crusher (53). Get Price Cement Prices In France. making machinery france machine uk sale turkey with good quality . Hot sale rock jaw crusher machine for mining or quarry ATIRAC JC210. Get PriceGet Price
Crushing Machine / various .Get Price
Features : Importance : crusher is very useful for crushing wasted bricks into pieces which can be further used for other construction work. It is incorporated with heavy duty plates and main shaft, delivers high output in very short time. The product is capable of producing pieces of different sizes according to customer requirements.Get Price
Conventional Paver, and Machines Related Support Machinery and AccessoriesGet Price
Nantong Hengda Nonburned machinery engineering co., ltd specializes in manufacturing and tile machinery. The enterprise produces clay machine, concrete block machine, coal crusher, hammer crusher and PVC pallet. Concrete block machine is used to produce concrete block .Get Price
Sungsan Corporation is a leading supplier of new and used construction equipments such as Excavator, Wheel loader, Truck crane, Crawler crane, Dozer, Air compressor, Crushers, .Get Price
(1) – one – Praschak (Mixer Systems) Model C1 Hammermill Recycle Block Crusher, 11″ x 18" feed opening, 15 electric motor, VBelt drive with guard, adjustable motor mount, crusher feed hood, steel sub structure, Date of Mfr. 1964; S/N C124564.Get Price
Ice Crusher Ice Shaver Machine Snow Cone Maker Crusher 304 Stainless Steel Shaving Blade Snow Cone Smoothie Ice US / piece Free Shipping Orders (0)Get Price
And Block Crusher. interlocking soil block machine ... EZ Grout Hog Crusher Job Site Material Recycler Now ... The new EZ Grout Hog Crusher Job Site Material Recycler is now available from Multiquip Inc. Easily attached to a skid steer loader or forklift, the hog crusher can recycle most materials — , block, stone, rock, asphalt, nonreinforced concrete and more — on the job site.Get Price
Single toggle jaw crusher with jaw aperture of 400mm x 170mm. Hydraulically adjustable jaws allow for the adjustment of output product size. Output product size ranges from 10mm to 70mm. Crushes .Get Price
Crusher,Portable hammer crusher, Crusher, information A is a block of ceramic, Crusher Machine,Concrete Block Raw . Chat; Decorative Gravel Albuquerque Landscape Materials Buildology.Get Price
And Block Crusher Crushed stone is the world''''s most basic mineral commodity. It is abundant, widely available, and inexpensive. It is a material that people are familiar with in almost .Get Price
The Hog Crusher handles , block, stone, asphalt and nonreinforced concrete. ,Block and Concrete Waste Crushing Machine YouTube Apr 8, 2017 Proton Construction Machinery is known as a leading manufacturer of Bricks, Blocks and Concrete waste Crushing Machine.Get PriceBRIGHT SMILES
Teeth Whitening
Get the whiter, brighter smile you want and deserve.
Get the whiter, brighter smile you want and deserve.
How often do you smile?
Think about it. Are you hiding your smile because your pearly whites aren’t so white? If you’re avoiding smiling or getting your picture taken — even during the happiest occasions — because your teeth have become stained or discolored, you’re one of many individuals unsatisfied with the appearance of their smile.
Feelings of self-consciousness about the appearance of your smile can affect your life in many ways, making everything from relationships to job interviews to simply enjoying making memories with your family and friends more difficult.
There is a way to get the whiter, brighter smile you want and deserve. We can get you smiling once again with the powerful effects of professional tooth-whitening treatments.
There are several reasons that smiles can become discolored, stained or yellowed. These include:
Considering tooth whitening? Here are a few reasons you should:
It Improves the Appearance of Your Smile. Did you know that your smile is often one of the first things that people notice about you? It’s true. A study conducted by the American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry found that 96 percent of adults think having a beautiful smile is more appealing to the opposite sex, and that more than 70 percent of adults feel as if their discolored teeth or tooth decay can have negative impacts on their career or future.
Having a dull or darkened smile may also communicate that you do not take care of your teeth and that you’re unhealthy. Having whitened teeth can communicate that you’re healthy and so is your smile.
It Boosts Your Confidence. Shying away from the camera or social situations because you’re not happy with the appearance of your smile? If so, whitening your teeth may give you the confidence boost you need and improve how you feel in social situations. You may even want to snap a selfie!
It Is Noninvasive. Whitening does not require any invasive treatment or recovery period. As an added benefit, you’ll see results quickly. It’s also affordable!
Breathe Modern Dentistry offers several high-quality options that use safe materials to combat tooth discoloration and brighten your smile.
While it can be difficult to predict how your smile will whiten because results vary from patient to patient, our tooth-whitening options have been proven to show significant benefits in comparison to other whitening treatments, including those you can purchase online or over-the-counter.
By choosing professional teeth whiteners from a dentist, you can reduce the potential for tooth sensitivity, gum irritation and other complications that over-the-counter teeth-whitening kits, whitening toothpaste or internet treatments can cause.
Yes! Many patients are concerned about their smile looking natural after whitening. We assure you that the effects of treatment will not only make your smile look whiter, but it will also look natural. Whitening your teeth does not add any unnatural color to your teeth. Instead, it bleaches surface stains, leaving you with a beautiful, natural result.
No, tooth whitening cannot improve the appearance of dental restorations. If you have a restoration you would like to update, talk to us. We can help.
Find out if you’re a good candidate for teeth whitening. Learn more about tooth-whitening treatment and our cosmetic dentistry services and how we can help by calling to schedule a consultation today.Act!ve Forum › Buy legal Benadryl online fedex, Buy benadryl online london
- AuthorPosts
doumedGuest
Buy legal Benadryl online fedex, Buy benadryl online london
No prescription is needed to shop for health at our online pharmacy! We are waiting for you!
Top Offers Benadryl !!! CLICK HERE!
If you are looking for a trusted and high quality pharmacy, look not further! It is all you need!
————————————
Discount coupon code: zz-9968 or Dd2S6ka
Random Internet Quotes:
order benadryl in canada
benadryl spray uk not extra strength
what is active ingredient in benadryl
benadryl 10 mg dosage
benadryl allergy diphenhydramine hcl tablets dosage
buy benadryl online without dr approval
Buy benadryl Online Discount Cheap
does benadryl always work for hives
buy benadryl dublin
can you take claritin during the day and benadryl at night
benadryl dosage for 13 lbs
benadryl buy online uk
can you bring liquid benadryl on a plane
benadryl mucus relief plus decongestant review
buy benadryl online london
is benadryl good for an allergic reaction
can i take benadryl whilst pregnant
benadryl For Sale Online
benadryl tablet india
cod fedex benadryl
buy benadryl atlanta
benadryl for blisters
other medicine like benadryl
benadryl canada shop reviews
buy benadryl online overseas
is it okay to take benadryl for anxiety
buy benadryl bars online
benadryl antihistamine safe for pregnancy
benadryl …
- AuthorPostsThursday was a milestone for Christie. Plus it was Casey's last night in Ohio. So what better way to come together than over a delicious meal. Christie/Katie and me/Casey met at Bob Evans to hear about Christie's adventure and check out her new look. It was wonderful to just come together in support for one another.
As we were leaving our table, a woman motioned to Christie and pointed to her own pink ribbon lapel. (Christie's scarf is certainly a way for folks to recognize a chemo patient) Her name is Betty and she wanted to give Christie some words of encouragement. It was certainly a blessing for Christie as she held Betty's hand and they shared with each other their own experience with cancer. It was an honor for me to witness it, because it just affirmed to me that this journey is certainly a sisterhood.
My emotions are still all over the place. It is a mother's delight when we see our children happy and healthy. Even though I miss Casey, I know that she is exactly where God wants her to be. Thank goodness for Skype, text, internet and cell phones!
Friday Casey came to work to see some of the people who remember her from when she worked there and to introduce her to other coworkers. I enjoyed watching my adult child answering the many questions asked of her. I remember listening to a talk show about how to change your relationship once your children become adults. It had some really interesting points. The one I remember the most is "if your friend was going outside, would you say 'you better put your sweater on' ... well, you shouldn't! and you shouldn't say that to your adult child either." Food for thought.
Once she left, I prayed over her safety on her flight back to Colorado this afternoon. (and God honored the prayer)
This week was exhausting and I do believe I'm going to sleep in Saturday!!
Changes to my appointments
My annual mammogram and follow up with my surgeon has been moved up to Dec 4. Looks like they want to do a diagnostic mammo and ultrasound to check out some pain I've been having. Also got the all-clear to go to my dentist Dec 4 for my 6 month cleaning. The coumidin should not be an issue as long as I don't get jabbed by some of those wicked tools they.
10 years Breast Cancer Free
1 month ago
Great Mother Daughter pics! Wait, did Mom go with you guys?
It was a last minute decision ... if I was thinking more clearly, of course I would have picked her up. Missed that opportunity :(Ductless air conditioners stand as a viable alternative to traditional centralized models, and offer some unique advantages that more traditional forms of air conditioning don’t. They eschew the single unit model in favor of installing multiple smaller units throughout the building. Each unit is tasked with cooling a single section of the house, usually just one room, but sometimes more depending on your layout. It costs more to install, but can often be less expensive to run, and provides additional benefits that offset the cost. But is your Oregon City, OR home the best fit for such a system, or would traditional central air be best? Here’s a quick breakdown of the kinds of households that benefit from ductless air conditioners. (more…)
Archive for July, 2016
What Kinds of Households Benefit from Ductless Air Conditioners?Monday, July 25th, 2016
3 Ways to Prevent an Air Conditioning FailureMonday, July 18th, 2016. (more…)
3 Things to Think About with a New Air ConditionerMonday, July 11th, 2016
If you’re thinking about getting a new air conditioner, now is the time to act. A new air conditioner can be in place very quickly, allowing you to enjoy the benefits of improved efficiency and similar features in the face of our hot Portland, OR summer. But before you can have a new unit installed, you need to make sure that it meets the needs of your home and family, that it will function as it should and that it will last as long as possible (hopefully decades) before you need to install a new one. In order to do that, you need to keep certain things in mind when making your selection. Here are 3 of them for you to think about: (more…)
Signs of Fan Motor Problems with Your ACMonday, July 4th, 2016
With. (more…)
Join Us OnlineDina Merrill was an American actress and socialite.
Early life.
Merrill was born) Hutton (July 26, 1908 – December 31, 1998) and Eleanor Post (Close) Hutton (December 3, 1909 – November 27, 2006), by her mother's first marriage, to Edward Bennett Close (grandfather of actress Glenn Close). Merrill attended George Washington University in Washington, D.C., for one term, then dropped out and enrolled at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York City.[6] She received a lifetime achievement award from the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in April 2005. include).).
Merrill has been married three times. In 1946 she wed Stanley M. Rumbough, Jr., an heir to the Colgate-Palmolive toothpaste fortune and an entrepreneur. They had three children before they divorced in 1966: Nedenia Colgate Rumbough David Post Rumbough (d. 1973) Stanley M. Rumbough III Later in 1966 she wed Oscar-winning actor Cliff Robertson, with whom she had: Heather Robertson (d. 2007) In 1989 she married former actor Ted Hartley. Two of Merrill's four children predeceased their parents – David died in a boating accident in 1973; Heather died of cancer in 2007.
She is a presidential appointee to the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, a trustee of the Eugene O'Neill Theater Center, and a vice president of the New York City Mission Society. In 1980, Merrill joined the board of directors of her father's E. F. Hutton & Co., continuing on the board of directors and the compensation committee of Lehman Brothers when it acquired Hutton, for over 18 years.If you want to get your blog in front of a wider audience, guest posting is a great way to go. Guest blogging can help you grow your blog and increase your traffic and readership. Here, are some tips to make the most of your Great Guest Posts post:
1. Create a list of targeted blogs that might be interested in your content
2. Read their owner’s guidelines and submit a well-written pitch
3. Write an engaging post once you’ve been granted permission
Guest blogging can be a great way to reach new audiences and generate backlinks. If you’re interested in guest blogging, here’s everything you need to know. Guest blogging is a great way to build your online presence, gain exposure for your brand, network with fellow bloggers and influencers, and grow your email list.
Guest blogging is not only a perfect opportunity for you to share your knowledge and expertise with an audience that is likely very different from your own, but it’s also a chance for them to share their knowledge and expertise with you! We all learn from each other as the benefits of shared knowledge come full circle.
Section 1: Who can benefit from guest posting
There are many benefits to guest posting on blogs. Most blogs offer guest posting opportunities for companies and individuals. Here are some examples:
Marketing companies.
Bloggers.
Other blogs.
And, of course, companies and individuals can guest post too.
1. Marketing Companies
Create unique content that will appeal to your targeted readers.
Use the blogs to create leads and increase sales.
Bloggers.
Create free, informative content and sell your products.
Use blogs to gain exposure for your company.
2. Bloggers
Guest blogging can help to promote your blog and increase your traffic and readership.
Contribute original content to popular blogs.
Cross-post content on your own blog.
Let bloggers feature your content.
How to find blogs that might be interested in your content
Guest posting can be tricky to do – many bloggers might be hesitant to publish content from others in fear of diluting their own brand or, if they have an existing readership, from creating a conflict of interest. But you can overcome this if you approach it from a unique angle, don’t plagiarise, and provide value to the website’s readers.
How to submit a well-written pitch
When you’re writing your guest post, think of the person who owns the site. If you’re pitching for a site with high standards and high traffic, the top priority is to make sure that you’re writing something interesting enough for them to share with their readers. Here are a few tips to help you get started:
You need to tailor your pitch to fit the theme of the blog. For example, if the site has a niche topic or a popular writer, you can ask them to publish an article written in a similar style.
You need to get in touch with the owner of the site and ask for a quote if you’re interested in a specific topic.
Write your pitch in Word, and then save it to a text file, so it can be viewed in edit mode.
Writing a post
Now that you know how to start guest blogging, it’s time to actually write the post. Let’s say you’re writing a post about the benefits of meditation. What’s one of the topics you could talk about?
When writing a post, make sure that you stick to your topic. For example, if you’re writing about meditation, you probably wouldn’t talk about how people can relieve stress or increase productivity. Think of ways to help people improve their daily life without actually mentioning meditation.
Here are some example topics to choose from:
Writing tips on how to live a better life
Writing strategies to help people quit smoking
How to get an ex back
How to lose weight fast
Promote your blog
There are many ways to promote a post. You can share it on Facebook, Twitter, etc.
Conclusion
Guest blogging on another website is a great way to get in front of new potential clients, but it can also help your SEO efforts. If you have a high-quality blog, you can engage with bloggers who share your audience and attract them to your website.TIPS FOR A HIGH-PERFORMANCE WORKFORCE
. Companies use different LMS like Totara for the learning and development.
CLEAR GOALS collectively and clearly.
COMMUNICATION.
FEEDBACK
Feedback from the employees about their experiences of working with the company, the training programs they have undergone, and the work culture helps the company make necessary updates within the organization at the grass-root levels, which things are not needed, which items need to be taught. Many more things can be improved if the employers take feedback from their workforce seriously and check if they need to change anything.. LMS like Totara are an excellent alternative to the businesses should use to create a high-performance workforce.News
Beast Complex Manga, the 'Origin of BEASTARS,' Gets Mini-Series in January
posted on by Rafael Antonio Pineda
This year's 45th issue of Akita Shoten's Weekly Shōnen Champion magazine revealed on Thursday that Paru Itagaki's Beast Complex manga will start a new manga mini-series in January 2021. The magazine described Beast Complex as "the origin of BEASTARS," Itagaki's more well-known later manga. The magazine added that it will reveal more details about the new mini-series in a future issue.
Viz Media licensed the original Beast Complex manga, and will release the volume in March 2021. Viz Media describes the manga:.
Itagaki launched her BEASTARS manga in Weekly Shōnen Champion in September 2016. The manga ended on Thursday, and Akita Shoten published the manga's 21st volume on the same day.
The first television anime based on the manga debuted on Netflix in Japan and on Fuji TV's [+Ultra] programming block and on TV Nishinippon in October 2019. The season debuted on Netflix outside of Japan on March 13. The anime's second season will premiere in January 2021 and again air in Japan on Fuji TV's [+Ultra] programming block.
Source: Weekly Shōnen Champion issue 45Offered by Van Dreven Antique Clocks
A bamboo case carriage clock with floral decorations, striking and alarm, W. Gabus, Moscow, circa 1880.
Polychrome painted clock in bamboo style with floral decorations signed on the dial W.Gabus , Moscow. The gilt dial has Arabic numerals, there is a subsidiary dial for the alarm setting. 8-day movement with platform anchor escapement, numbered 2980, hour and half hour striking on a gong with repeating on demand.
Bamboo case carriage clocks became popular in the second half of the 19th Century parallel to the interest in oriental art object and curiosities. Colorful travelling clock in very good condition. HxWxD 16x11x9,5 cm (excluding handle). Price € 12.500,--SOLD
Brief history of W. Gabus.
The clock and watch company W. Gabus was founded in 1868. It opened in Moscow a "Trade House W. Gabus", which later became one of the three largest trading houses in Russia, along with houses Pavel Bure and Henry Moser. Louis William Gabus was born in Switzerland May 6, 1847 in a family of watchmakers. He moved to Russia when he was twenty years old. Perhaps one reason for his visit was because of the successes of fellow countryman Pavel Bure. He became a successful entrepreneur by his thirties.. He often travelled to Switzerland, where he and his brother opened the watch factory in Bern, whose products won at international exhibitions gold medals: in 1893 in Chicago, in 1900 and 1906 in Paris and Milan respectively. Sources:
Van Dreven Antique ClocksBy appointment only.Description
We reuse packaging and also use recycled materials for postage – please try to use it again!
£35.00 – £45.00
Perfect for holding blooms all year round. These unusual rustic wirework vases have been aged and have a removable glass interior, surrounded by the decorative metal frame.
Small 33x15cm
Large 37x15cmI added, “an experiment to understand a principle of the dateing by the radioactive element” to the earth science teaching materials.
They waved 100 small dice and considered 1 eye which appeared to be the atom which collapsed, and even Excel and a program of Python tried an experiment to simulate (exponential phenomenon) in the process that decreased of the parent element.
It actually has a meaning to try with the dice. I want you to take the use of the PC into account to check a process and a result. → From thisCOMMUNICATONS
From the Ground Up
Lazer Construction Company is a General Contracting Company providing civil and antenna & line services for the communications industry for over twenty years. Lazer specializes in the following Telecommunication services:
Design Build
Greenfield Site
Co-Location Sites
Water Tank Sites
Rooftop Sites
Guyed Towers
Self Support Towers
Monopole Towers
Stealth Towers
Structural Upgrades
Deployment of Mobile COWS (Cell on Wheels)
_JPG.jpg)Orale Birmingham, a collective of Hispanic bartenders in Birmingham, will host Birmingham Unidos, its first pop-up bar this evening at The Louis, the anchor bar at the Pizitz food hall.
The event, a collaboration between the collective and The Alabama Coalition for Immigrant Justice, is a night of tacos and cocktails with a set by DJ Uli. All tips from this evening will go to organizations helping the children who were affected by the August immigration raids in Mississippi, where nearly 600 U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents detained 680 immigrants at several food processing plants.
Orale Birmingham is the brainchild of Jesus Mendez, co-owner and beverage director of The Louis. Mendez had long wanted to form a collective of Latino bartenders in Birmingham who could use their skills behind the bar to raise money for different organizations.
The Louis Bar at The Pizitz (Shauna Stuart for AL.com)
Mendez says last month’s events were the perfect time to launch the concept and host its first fundraising pop-up.
“My parents are immigrants. I remember being dropped off as a kid and waiting for my parents to get home three or four hours later,” said Mendez. “What would I do if I came home and my parents were no longer there?”
Mendez officially started Orale in August and teamed up with Diego Carvallo of Paper Doll, Ivan Lara of The Marble Ring, and Jose Medina-Camacho and Alex Correa of Automatic Seafood & Oysters. Medina-Camacho and Correa also run Bad Hombres, an agave takeover pop up bar in Birmingham.
“We wanted to show the Latino and Hispanic community all of the great opportunities that Birmingham has to offer in the service industry,” Medina-Camacho told AL.com. “We also wanted to show through working with different bartenders that Birmingham is a great community that we are all proud to be a part of.”
Tonight, each bartender will make signature cocktails featuring the pop-up’s sponsor spirits: Beefeater gin, Tito’s vodka, el Jimador tequila, and Campesino rum.
Patrons will also get a sneak peek of Unos Tacos the new street-style tacos concept coming to the Pizitz.
Helmed by Jesus Mendez, Unos Tacos will be a fusion of a taco stand and food truck featuring tacos and quesadillas with steak, pulled chicken, and spicy chorizo.
Details:
Birmingham Unidos kicks off tonight, Sept. 15 at The Louis from 7 p.m. to 11 p.m. For more information, go to Facebook.On Sunday, December 1 from 12-4 pm, downtown hosts the Pittsboro First Sunday Artisan Fair & Market. This family-friendly event has live music, food trucks and many vendors selling art, jewelry, textiles, woodwork, soaps, pottery and more.
There is a designated play area for children in the parking lot across from Pittsboro Roadhouse. Many businesses host their own sales and events.Tourmaline and Quartz ones seen here are jet black and of the highest luster. Their mirror like finishes contrast the whitish gray quartz which is typically very dull looking. The piece is crystallized on all sides except its base. Great views all around on this damage-free 3.5 x 3.1 x 2 cm thumbnail sized piece. $65
Tourmaline and Quartz
SKU: GD-0941
$65.00PriceBoilerLearn More
Seller 6t Gas Boiler Machine High Efficiency Georgia. 0 5 6 ton biomass boiler Coal boiler power plant system. Apr 17 2020 · Page 6 20-24. 23-28.Learn More
Industrial Best Selling 1t Steam Boiler Georgia. A QuoteLearn . our factory make 1 natural gas boiler2 natural gas fired boiler4 gas boiler6 gas fired  Learn More …Learn More
20t Diesel Boiler Machine Cheap High Efficiency Georgia. 20t Diesel Boiler Machine Cheap High Efficiency Georgia.Learn More …LearnLearn
Best Selling 1 Ton Coal Boiler Machine Georgia. China 6 Ton to 30 Ton Capacity Coal Biomass Steam Boiler China 6 Ton to 30 Ton Capacity Coal Biomass Steam Boiler for Sale Related Information China Automatic Biomass Boiler Automatic Biomass Boiler Automatic manufacturers - Select 2021 high quality Automatic products in best price from certified Chinese manufacturers Gas suppliers wholesal for edible oil plant. Get a QuoteLearn More
Best Selling Boiler 8 Ton Georgia.
Commercial 2t Natural Gas boiler Best Selling Philippines. 2t coal fired boiler Commercial Low Price Georgia. Foam Products Natural Gas Vacuum Boiler Supplier. Foam Products Gas Hot Water Atmospheric Pressure Boiler Gas fired water heater is a kind of hot water hot water to (such as liquefied petroleum city biogas etc.) as fuel through the Learn MoreIndie Film Series returns to Studio C
All summer, local movie screens have been filled with superheroes and super-cute cartoons.
And now? You’ll find some real people there, including:
• Bobby Shafran, who made a jolting discovery when he was 19: “There were three of me.”
• John Adams, who had his own solution to the journalism-jobs crisis: “I spent some time living in a cabin in the woods.” Then he became a strong force in probing the role of “dark money” in politics.
In short, the “Indie Movie Series” is back at Studio C.
The series – done with the East Lansing Film Society – rests during summers and post-Christmas time, when action and animation fill up theaters. Now it’s back with:
• Two scripted films. Starting Friday (Aug. 31) is “The Miseducation of Cameron Post,” with Chloe Grace Moretz as a teen sent to a “conversion therapy center” to purge any lesbian impulses. A week later is “Puzzle,” with Kelly MacDonald as a quiet woman who discovers she’s a jigsaw-puzzle whiz.
• And two documentaries. “Three Identical Strangers” is about teens who learned they were triplets, separated at birth. “Dark Money” is about political advertising from unidentified sources.
“Strangers,” which arrived a week early, takes viewers on an emotional ride. It’s giddy at first, as the guys savor the sheer novelty. Then it questions the secret psychology study that split them; it goes from New York to Ann Arbor, where a man who worked on the study now has doubts about its ethics.
“Dark Money” has no giddiness at first ... but there is a sort of happy ending involving Montana voters.
Read more:
'Big Fuss About Food' highlights Allen Neighborhood Center
“There was a level of, sort of, literacy among the electorate on this issue,” Adams said. “People started tuning out these dark-money groups, and I think they really lost their effectiveness.”
The issue began after the Supreme Court’s 2010 decision allowed unlimited political spending. Montanans found their mailboxes stuffed with political pieces, many of them fiercely negative.
“If we have all of this money coming into our politics, trying to change policy ... we need to know what those dollar influences are,” said Kimberly Reed, the “Dark Money” producer-director.
She’s a fourth-generation Montanan who studied film in California and has returned home to do two films. “Prodigal Sons” (2008) was about her return as a transgender woman to her 20th high school reunion; “Dark Money” asks what happened to a state once known for its strict election laws.
Eventually, Reed said, some of the deluge was traced to one source: “A national organization actually had a plan it was running in five other states. (It was) the National Right to Work Committee. I’m still trying to figure out where their money is actually coming from.”
Much of this was uncovered by newspaper reporters ... before the jobs crisis hit. The Lee Newspapers closed their capitol bureau in Helena, Montana. The Great Falls Tribune – the Gannett paper where Adams was a capitol reporter – took a different approach. It “rewrote the job descriptions for new positions and then they asked us, all of us, to re-apply,” he said.
Instead, he quit, sometimes living in his truck or in his friends’ cabins. He did free-lance work in Montana and in his home state of Wisconsin. And in 2016, he started the Montana Free Press web site. “It’s not in print, but ... we give away our stories to traditional newspapers, who do print our stories.”
The impact has been solid. In Montana, a key legislator faced a trial and was defeated in the primary. In both Montana and Wisconsin, staffers leaked key details about dark-money projects.
People became wary of the negative ads they were barraged with, Adams said. “That basically took their power away. That exposure really limited their effectiveness.”
• Indie Film Series, Studio C, Meridian Mall
• Films rotate at 3:30, 6:30 and 9:15 p.m. daily; also, at 12:30 p.m. Fridays through Sundays.
• Currently, “Dark Money,” “Three Identical Strangers” and “The Miseducation of Cameron Post”; “Puzzle” joins the line-up on Sept. 71.The Headset Display Rack uses ergonomics design, cable organizer located behind the arm ensures headphone cables stay neat.
2.The base is equipped with two USB 2.0 interfaces
3.16 million colorful breathing light effects, which can be switched to seven types of cool lights by the LED toggle key.
colour：blackPregnant Kardashians
About game «Pregnant Kardashians»
All the Kardashian sisters got pregnant at the same time in the Pregnant Kardashians game and it's very exciting. After all, they are also the best friends, they are constantly together. Despite the rounded bellies, they want to look just perfect and wear only the most modern outfits, following the latest fashion trends. Therefore, they need a personal stylist-consultant in this matter. Maybe you can join them in this fun girly game - you have to help Kim, Kylie, Kourtney and Kendall put on the most modern outfits to make a splash on the upcoming walk. The girls themselves will not cope, since they are busy with their health - childbirth is about to happen, and you also need to carefully prepare for this. Do not leave the girls in difficult times. Consult them on fashion matters and help choose the best clothes. Have fun!Here’s the text of a July letter from Foreign Minister Zarif to the UNSG. This paragraph stands out:
The US and E3 illusion that there can ever be a renegotiation of the timetable enshrined in the JCPOA and Resolution 2231 represents utter bad faith. The timetable for termination of voluntary restrictions accepted by Iran in the JCPOA—maliciously called “JCPOA sunset clauses,” in order to evoke fear— were the subject of the longest and most difficult negotiating process—which began from the very first day of the Muscat discussions in August 2012, and continued until the evening of July 13, 2015. Agreement on the current timetable required great flexibility and compromise on the part of the Islamic Republic of Iran, and huge sacrifices by Iran on other significant issues.
The letter includes a useful annex containing a slew of public Iranian documents concerning the JCPOA. Nice to have them all in one place.Property Attributes
- MLS#72913098
- TypeSingle Family
- CountySUFFOLK
- CityBoston
- AreaWest Roxbury
- Zip02132
- StyleColonial
- Year Built1910
- Taxes$ 7353
- Price$ 999,000
- Bedrooms5
- Full Bathrooms1
- Half Bathrooms1
- Sqr Footage2857
- Lot Size5,663 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Jason Saphire with, LLC.
Data Source:
Massachusetts MLS Property Info Network (MLSPIN) - 3 - MA
Property Description
Must see! One of a kind home in sought after part of West Roxbury! Stunning central entrance colonial with beautiful original trim, crown moldings, french doors, beamed ceiling and original fireplace mantle! 5 bedrooms each with a large closet, 2 of the bedrooms have walk in closets! Newly painted with neutral colors and the 3 floors of living space have hard wood floors that were just refinished! Expansive front porch and large rear deck overlooking the back yard! Multiple areas for storage or expansion! Extra large garage, beautiful private lot, new roof and much more! Walking distance to Hynes Field, Holy Name School, the Joyce Kilmer School and Centre Street shops!!
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- Poole are just past halfway through 2021 and from what we see so far, the recently released Sony Xperia 1 iii should be this year's best smartphone, at least for the smartphone photographers and smartphone enthusiasts out there.
If you ain't a smartphone enthusiast, you might not know that Sony still makes smartphones.
Sony used to make the best android phones back in the day. Their Walkman series and their Xperia phones were really popular from 2006 till about 2014, before brands like OnePlus and Samsung took a major share in the android smartphone market.
Sony kept releasing newer versions of the Xperia phone series, which were in fact good phones spec-wise but none garnered much interest from the market.
I personally am a huge fan of Sony phones. Their Walkman phones were my favourite in my college days.
As a Sony fan, Sony Xperia 1 iii is a bit of a surprise for me. It's a happy reminder that Sony's still got it.
This phone ain't perfect but I am glad it ticks a lot on the checklist an enthusiast would like to see in their daily driver phones.
Sony Xperia 1 iii Specs
Display of the Sony Xperia 1 iii
The display of the Sony Xperia 1 iii has a 21:9 aspect ratio, so if you love watching videos on your phone, you can do so in ultra wide format.
Most high resolution cinematic content can be watched in its truest form as the display supports 4K HDR video. The 120 Hz refresh rate gives you a crystal clear video viewing experience unseen before on a phone display.
Having a ultra wide display comes with its cons. If you watch regular youtube videos, you would have black bars on the outside.
Even apps like Facebook, Instagram, TikTok would have black lines around them to make up for the wide display.
Of course, these are not so bad to be any sort of deal breakers, but it takes a week or two to get used to this wide display.
The refresh rate can be toggled from 120 Hz to 60 Hz, but the resolution remains at 4K.
It has got a full HDR setting and as expected from a Sony phone, the display panel is just amazing to look at. I mean, just compare it to a Samsung S21 ultra, which is also in the same price range, you would see there is a 'clear' winner.
Form Factor of Sony Xperia 1 iii
Sony Xperia 1 iii has a nice and thin form factor thanks to its 21:9 display.
The feel and grip we get while holding the phone is much different from the phones we have been using for the past couple of years.
Most of the phones right now in the market have a thicker form.
If you have a phone that has a height greater than 6 inches, you know it's a bit hard to use it with just one hand.
Sony Xperia 1 iii feels so nice. It just fits right in our hands.
For the thicker phones, we know it's tough to get to the top corners with just one hand, but with this phone that's pretty easy.
Battery Life of Sony Xperia 1 iii
The one downside that we found in our review is that the battery life of this phone ain't great.
It has got a 4K panel paired with a 4500 mAh battery. No matter how efficiently you use the phone, the 4K display is always going to drain the battery of this phone.
While using the phone as our daily driver, it would hardly last a day with full charge. You would need to juice it up by late evening if you use it to watch videos and play games during the day.
This also is not a deal breaker, but I would have been happier if the battery lasted 20% longer.
In our reviews, we got a screen on time of 4 to 5 hours video playback.
Sony Xperia 1 iii has Amazing Speakers and immersive sound quality
Over the past years, smartphone manufacturers are increasingly moving towards a mono speaker setup on the phones. Even if the newer phones have dual speakers, they are not exactly aligned.
The top speaker would be on the front face near the camera and the bottom speaker would be near the charging port, both pointing in different directions.
This setup affects the stereo sound quality of the phones and even if the audio is algorithmically tweaked to make it sound like stereo, it's always lacking the true stereo quality.
Sony Xperia 1 iii makes no compromise on sound quality. Its speakers are correctly aligned on the top and bottom of the phone and both are pointing towards you to give you a true stereo sound.
The speaker quality is great. It's loud, clear and has got a great timbre.
Also, did I mention that this phone KEEPS the 3.5 mm audio jack. Thank you, Sony!
Sony Xperia 1 iii is an awesome phone for photographers!
To start off, let's start with the dedicated shutter button. Makes it clear that this phone is aimed at smartphone photography enthusiasts.
If you have used Sony DSLRs and Sony digital cameras, you will be right at home with this phone camera because you get many of the same professional cameras features like an optical telephoto lens, faster autofocus and a bigger sensor that gives you better low light images.
Sony Xperia 1 iii has a 12-megapixel triple camera setup.
The telephoto lens switches between 70mm to 105mm focal lengths.
Additionally, we have the 16 mm ultra-wide mode as well as the 24 mm standard wide mode in this phone camera.
The camera app on this phone is actually Sony's Pro Camera app, which in my opinion is way better than the stock camera app as it gives you more options to play around for taking good photos. I am sure the photography enthusiasts would appreciate that.
There are different modes on the camera app.
- Basic
- Manual
- Auto
- Aperture Priority
- Shutter Priority
There are additional controls with these modes that let you tweak and get that perfect shot.
Processor and other features
Sony Xperia 1 iii has got the latest silicon Snapdragon 888 paired with 12 GB of RAM.
The top-end mobile chip and the whopping 12 GB of RAM enable smooth process management on the phone.
Everyday tasks like browsing, gaming, watching videos, listening to music, all feel like a breeze!
It has got a self-removable hybrid sim card slot tray which can hold 2 sim cards or 1 sim card and an SD card.
If you opt to add external storage with SD cards, it supports up to 1 TB of expandable memory.
It's amazing how Sony still got an IP68 rating despite adding the self removable sim card tray and the 3.5mm headphone jack on this phone.
Instead of the in-screen fingerprint sensor, we get to see on every new phone these days. Sony Xperia 1 iii has placed its fingerprint sensor on the ON & OFF /Sleep button, which is much more practical than the in-screen sensors.
We also get a mappable button that's defaulted to google assistant.
Conclusion:
Overall, I am excited to own this new Xperia phone. When I say 'new', I gladly mean new.
I hope Sony stays in this trajectory and come up with more awesome phones like these in the future and I really hope Sony makes a comeback as a market leader in the android segment.
As for this phone, Sony Xperia 1 iii. Well Done, Sony!test the copy test, which is a way to evaluate the effectiveness of an ad. A copy test.Some stories and deals don’t get their own post, but should get some coverage. I’ll round them up here and let me know what you think of making posts like this in the future 🙂
Aviation:
Table of Contents
United’s CRJ-550 takes to the skies today, you can take a 3D tour of it now!
I wrote about the innovative project here previously. United stripped 20 seats out of the CRJ-700 and added luggage closets, more first class seats, and more Economy Plus seats. By getting the plane down to 50 seats, they avoid the 70/76 seat aircraft scope limitations and can add virtually as many CRJ-550s as they want to their fleet. Plus they can operate the plane with just one flight attendant.
The strategy is to use them on short-haul flights that didn’t previously have business class service.
The legroom on the plane in first class and Economy Plus looks amazing. You can see it for yourself by clicking on 3D View here. The 3D tour feature is great and United is planning on adding it for their other planes as well. Hopefully all airlines will offer this soon!
Want to fly on the CRJ-550?
Here is where you’ll find them, via RoutesOnline:
Effective 27OCT19
Chicago O’Hare – Allentown
Chicago O’Hare – Bentonville
Chicago O’Hare – Cedar Rapids
Chicago O’Hare – Cincinnati
Chicago O’Hare – Columbus OH
Chicago O’Hare – Des Moines
Chicago O’Hare – Grand Rapids
Chicago O’Hare – Greensboro
Chicago O’Hare – Harrisburg
Chicago O’Hare – Indianapolis
Chicago O’Hare – Madison
Chicago O’Hare – Oklahoma City
Chicago O’Hare – Richmond
Chicago O’Hare – St. Louis
Chicago O’Hare – Tulsa
Effective 04DEC19:
Chicago O’Hare – Sioux Falls
Chicago O’Hare – Wichita
Effective 18DEC19:
Chicago O’Hare – Greenville
Effective 19DEC19:
Chicago O’Hare – Green Bay
Chicago O’Hare – Syracuse NY
Effective 06JAN20:
Chicago O’Hare – Akron/Canton
Effective 13FEB20:
Chicago O’Hare – Knoxville
Chicago O’Hare – Lexington
Chicago O’Hare – Little Rock
Newark – Cincinnati
Newark – Columbus OH
Newark – Greensboro
Newark – Richmond
These routes should be a bargain with Lifemiles. Hopefully I’ll get to try it out from CAK-ORD in the near future.
Step aside Qantas, Air New Zealand will fly nonstop from Newark to Auckland in October 2020.
Qantas got a ton of media attention for their JFK to Sydney nonstop flight. They gave the press a business class flight and added gimmicks like checking their blood pressure to see how they would cope with the 19.5 hour flight.
I flew on a 19 hour flight in 2013 from Newark to Singapore and somehow survived to tell the tale without in-flight yoga classes and health monitoring.
In the meantime, Air New Zealand announced they will connect NYC with the South Pacific with their own nearly 18 hour nonstop service on a specially configured 787-9 Dreamliner with more premium economy and business class seats than in the regular configuration.
My brother (and fellow DansDeals contributor) JJ flew on Air New Zealand nonstop from Chicago to Auckland on the business class glitch from earlier this year. Hopefully they’ll give us another glitch when the NYC flight goes on sale 😀
American’s horrendous rebooking policies turned a 7 hour flight into a weeklong nightmare.
American Airlines is an operational mess. They cancel and delay far more flights than their competition and they make matters worse by refusing to rebook passengers on other airlines.
I’ve personally suffered from this policy many times. I’ve written off even trying to fly American as it seems like all of my American flights wind up delayed or cancelled. They messed up multiple trips to London, to my grandfather’s 90th birthday party with delays, cancellations, and refusals to rebook us on other airlines. On my last American flight I didn’t have any other options but to take American home from my nephew’s bris in Miami in order to catch the Home Run Derby in Cleveland and hope that my horrible streak of delayed AA flights would finally crack. But of course, that flight was delayed several hours. At least I had Centurion Lounge access to drink off the misery of another delayed AA flight.
But while American has stranded us overnight, I’ve never experienced something like what these passengers went through trying to get from Peru to Dallas. American cancelled the flights for 3 days in a row while failing to get another aircraft or rebooking customers on other airlines until they had waited around for days.
American’s rebooking policies make their operational failures so much worse. It’s been amazing to watch USAirways management ruin what was once a decent airline with a valuable mileage program.
When you’re trying to save money on a low-cost airline, be sure you know the risks.
- My heart goes out to Naama Issachar, who was caught with 0.33 ounces of Marijuana in her checked luggage as she flew from India to Israel via Moscow and now has been sentenced to 7.5 years in Russian prison on drug and smuggling charges. She took the Aeroflot flight as it was $200 cheaper than other options. There’s little doubt that she’s a political pawn as her stash was clearly for personal use and Russia tried her as a distributor. It shouldn’t need to be said, but you should never, ever fly with drugs. There are countries that will execute people flying with drugs! But traveling with any illicit goods through a country with courts that take orders from above is certainly a risk. Hopefully reasonable minds will prevail in Naama’s case.
- It’s old news that Ukraine Airlines plays dirty with carry-on bags. Every time there’s a Jewish holiday, stories pop up about them discriminating against Jews. But the truth is they play dirty with everyone. If you decide to save a few shekels by taking Ukraine Air to Israel just take a personal item like a small backpack as they will lie about the size of wheeled carry-ons in Kiev in order to charge a small fortune to continue onto your connecting flight with it. Officially they do allow a hat in a case and tefilin in a case in addition to carry-on allowance.
- Chabad once again came to the rescue of hundreds of Jews connecting from Tel Aviv on a Norwegian flight that was cancelled from Barcelona to Newark. Rabbi Dovid Libersohn of Chabad of Barcelona brought hot food to the airport. Don’t forget that every Chabad House needs to raise their own operational funding, so be sure to donate generously. When you fly on a low-cost carrier it may seem like a bargain, but when things go south they typically won’t rebook you on other airlines and you may need to wait a very long time until they have the space to accommodate you on another flight.
El Al Tidbits: Goodbye 747 jumbos, hello tiny 787-8s onto their flagship route.
El Al’s jumbo 747 carried over 400 passengers from JFK to Tel Aviv for years. It recently flew its last flight on that route without fanfare.
The final El Al 747 flights will be from Tel Aviv to Rome on November 1, with the return from Rome to Tel Aviv on November 3. Will you book travel on these flights? Nothing will be as fun as the United 747 retirement flight that I took to Hawaii a couple years ago.
In the meantime, El Al is now flying between JFK and Tel Aviv with smaller 787-9s that have 32 business seats, 28 premium economy seats, and 222 economy seats, for a total of 282 seats.
However on some dates next year, including many Wednesdays, El Al will fly their 787-8 between JFK and Tel Aviv. That plane has just 20 business seats, 35 premium economy seats, and 183 economy seats, for a total of 238 seats. The plane was intended to fly in markets with low demand, so it’s surprising to see this plane show up on their flagship route.
I’m seeing the 787-8 scheduled to fly from JFK to Tel Aviv on:
March 12
April 1, 22, 29
May 6, 13, 20
June 3, 10, 17, 24
July 1, 8, 15, 22, 29
August 5, 12, 19, 26
September 2, 9, 16, 23, 30
October 7, 14, 21
Check the airplane bathrooms before you go…
Earlier this year a Houston man was caught planting a hidden camera on a United airplane bathroom.
A Southwest flight attendant now alleges that she caught pilots streaming from an on-board camera placed in the bathroom.
I’ll be sure to take an extra look around before using an airplane bathroom!
Boeing heads are finally starting to roll for the 737MAX fiasco.
Boeing is finally taking action against executives for the 737MAX disaster by firing the head of their commercial aviation unit.
That comes after text messages that showed Boeing knew about problems with the MCAS software.
Had Boeing not been as frugal and designed MCAS to take input from both sensors instead of just one, the 737MAX may not have become the disaster it became. With the fixes. MCAS will take input from both sensors, will be able to overruled by pilots far more easily, and will only activate once so that it will never again force an airplane to crash.
That being said I expect the plane to return to the skies in early 2020. Personally I won’t avoid the plane due to safety, I’ll avoid it as it’s been outfitted with uncomfortable slimline seats with little legroom and bathrooms so tiny you won’t even be able to bend down and check under the sink for a hidden camera.
OK, in a pinch I’d still fly it without reservation once it comes back online. But if you’re uncomfortable, just call your airline and they should allow you to change to another flight for free. Unless you’re flying American, good luck with them. Southwest and United have official policies allowing free changes from 737MAX flights.
Deals:
Verizon will give free Disney Plus subscriptions.
Everyone wants to take on Netflix.
Disney will throw their hat into the ring on November 12 with their Disney+ streaming service.
If you have a Verizon Unlimited plan you’ll get 12 months of free Disney+ service. I’ll make a post when you can enroll in that offer and whether it works on $30 grandfathered unlimited plans like the one I’m on.
You can earn Hyatt points for booking a cruise with Lindblad.
Lindblad left a bad taste in my mouth when they I tried to bid Starpoints to cruise to Antarctica on 11/6/16. They point-blank refused to allow me to bring kosher food onto their boat.
All worked out in the end, as a couple of weeks later, I got to throw out the first pitch and get 2nd row seats to game 7 of the 2016 World Series on our wedding anniversary.
And 2 years after that, I got to lead a group of over 50 Jewish passengers who shared my dream and passion of making it to Antarctica, but were never able to due to the lack of kosher food availability.
But if you are booking on Lindblad, you may as well claim a bunch of extra points. Best of all the 5 points per dollar spent will count towards earning Hyatt elite status. Hyatt has the last of the valuable hotel points. Hopefully they stay valuable for years to come.
You can get a great deal for staying in a Vancouver hotel through 2/29/20.
Select the Visa promo from the drop-down menu and you’ll get a C$125 Visa gift card for 1 night stays and an additional C$50 added onto the gift card for each subsequent night.
This will stack well with the last chance to fly on North America’s best flight.
Credit:
The Equifax hack keeps getting crazier.
My only question, did Equifax hire a 5 year old or a 95 year old to make their “password” for keeping our credit safe?
Share your thoughts on these stories or post a comment about what other stories that I missed!
69 Comments On "Sunday News Roundup 10/27/19: 11 Quick Takes On What’s Going On In Aviation, Credit, And Deals That You Should Know About"
All opinions expressed below are user generated and the opinions aren’t provided, reviewed or endorsed by any advertiser or DansDeals.
Please don’t. Already too much “roundup” bs posts out there all just for the SEO. You are posting enough on here already…
I actually enjoyed the post
The difference between those and this, is unlike those, this post contains no click-bait titles, no ads between every paragraph to increase revenue, and no long winded speculation and such to increase lengths of articles.
@Lord Dima
Have you invested heavy money in DansDeals? Either that or perhaps you’re Dan’s boss
Either way, nice to have Dan’s back
Likely to my own detriment, I don’t focus much on SEO or advertising. I come across lots of interesting stories and have a take on them, but often times I don’t think they’re worthy of a post.
I had fun compiling this list together if nothing else!
Thank you for the info! And not constantly pimping for credit card signups! As many bloggers do!
I actually like it. Sometimes I feel you actually give to much attention to things that would be better addressed with such a Roundup. Informational, concise and fun read.
Way to go.
Also small tidbit that crossed my mind, it is very likely that Rabbi Libersohn was the only Lubavitcher in the airport at that time. It’s just not the direction often flown by Lubavitchers after Sukkos. Kudos to my dear friend Rabbi Dovid Libersohn (second generation Kashrus expert, and wonderful all around person) on coming to help.
Love the concept, keep em coming.
+1
+1
How did you get color in your name?
He’s a photographer don’t forget. Lighting and colors is what he does
גם אני מצטרף להנ״ל
+1
thanks Dan we love this posts
Really nice post! I’d appreciate seeing more of these.
Really like the roundup! Especially avgeek news
Love this post. Keep them coming please.
Thank you.
Keep it up! Love these kinds of posts!
Please do again. Very informative. Short and sweet.
Love the roundup
more like dans take on travel, cc and related news but i like it
Hence the “quick takes” in the title 🙂
These are great, as the summary gets the main juice of the story without needing to actually open the links.
If it was just a link post, it would not be as great.
Giving my own take on each story would be the only way I’d do this.
If you someone just wants links to interesting articles, there’s always DDF:
To quote doc only prison sentences will stop these credit breaches
Keep it up!
I love the this roundup.
Whoever doesn’t enjoy it, feel free to skip it
What a simple great idea!
Thanks for the feedback (good and bad!) everyone 😀
Now, let’s hear your takes on these stories!
Awesome posts. Please keep these coming. Would much rather get the news here than from other blogs.
Maybe add some news about al-Baghdadi and the likes in your Sunday’s news roundups
Politics is a 3rd rail. And there’s plenty of that discussion on DDF.
I’d rather stick to adding my own 2 cents to stories in which I have some level of expertise.
I’ll never say never, but I don’t think that’s what people want to come here to read. I get mildly annoyed when other non-politics blogs get political.
Must we denigrate the elderly (“95 year olds”) to make a point about the incompetence of Equifax?
And what about 5 year olds?
Thank G-d I have great-grandparents in their 80s/90s and they have some amazing stories to tell. But online competence is not what you’d expect from that generation. I often wonder what millennials like myself will be incompetent about as we age.
5 year olds won’t feel denigrated because:
1) Even the most advanced 5 year old is probably not reading this blog. Your great-grandparents probably do.
2) I don’t think any 5 year old ever had the capacity or the competence to properly secure a website. Most 95 year olds once did have the capacity and many had the competence to secure a website (and some still do). Alluding to their stereotypical decline may be painful to them.
So my question remains unanswered:
Must we denigrate the elderly (“95 year olds”) just to make a point about the incompetence of Equifax?
All of my grandparents, despite being smart and wonderful people, are quite comfortable acknowledging their extreme lack of tech savvy. Which is why I’m always helping them out 🙂
I don’t think we’re breaking any news here that many elderly people are not tech savvy.
And neither would we be breaking any news by pointing out that an overweight person is overweight. But proper etiquette and sensitivities dictate otherwise.
An analogy that is more apropos:
We would not be breaking any news by pointing out that overweight persons won’t do well in a race. But proper etiquette and sensitivities dictate otherwise.
Dear Mr. Nuj, do you know what a “nudge” means?
nudge /nəj/ verb
prod (someone) gently, typically with one’s elbow, in order to draw their attention to something.
“people were nudging each other and pointing at me”
So you missed it.
I liked your editorial analysis in the roundup.
Someone who has money making fun of people who don’t have any trying to save a few bucks is always looked down upon in my book.
Who is making fun?
Saving money is laudable. But I’m saying that you should be aware of the risks as many wind up surprised.
“and bathrooms so tiny you won’t even be able to bend down and check under the sink for a hidden camera.”
That’s creative!
Would love to have one of those tv scam busters expose the ukraine airlines scam.
There must be a way to get some justice. Perhaps a class action or something like that.
Enjoyed.
Dan this was amazing dont stop
Love it. Awaiting your next kuntres sikum with commentary.
The 787-8 will have Economy Plus, in addition to Premium Economy.
Love the post keep it up!
+1
7.5 years is less than life sentence … Drugs = death
Ukraine does it just for Jews and only Jews
Any thoughts onto why UA chose those routes for the 550? They make no sense on the surface.
That plane can be a massive competitive advantage, and you’d think they’d deploy them as such. I would’ve expected these to fly routes that are either ultra competitive, high-yield, or targeting a competitor’s hub (i.e. ORD-ATL; ORD-MIA etc.).
Chicago to Harrisburg? For an aircraft with 50 premium seats?
These are targeted for short and thin routes that don’t have business class now. Routes that can accommodate more passengers will get a bigger plane. That’s why Akron-Chicago will see the 550 and not Cleveland-Chicago.
“These are targeted for short and thin routes that don’t have business class now”
That makes it even less sensical if you ask me.
Going from 0 premium seats, to 50.
I think it’s safe to say this plane will be a big hit with the type of travelers airlines usually strive for (well, in theory at least. Never underestimate UA’s ability to screw it up)
Don’t you think it would make more sense to send these planes to markets that can support lots of high yield business travel, rather than just deploying them based on raw seat counts without regard to the makeup of those seats?
They will have a massive competitive advantage over AA on the coveted ORD-CAK route. I think they would’ve been better served replacing some of those ERJ-175s to ATL and aiming for the competitive advantage there.
I love the ERJ-175!
I’d like to try the CRJ-550, but I doubt it will replace the 175 as my favorite narrowbody plane.
United’s goal here is to get more ERJ175s and pressure their pilot union. They need to strip seats out of the CRJ700 to do that.
I don’t think the 550 provides a competitive advantage over the 175. It’s certainly unique, but I do think it makes more sense serving CAK than ATL. It’s a small plane, you don’t run a small plane when you can fill a bigger plane. Unless you’re El Al.
I love the 175 too. But I think the 550’s competitive advantage over the 175 will be in every week business travelers seeing the premium heavy configuration and choosing to fly UA/550 over another airline because they know their chances at a business class upgrade are much higher, with a surefire E+ seat at a minimum.
With Delta, you’ll be lucky if you can get E+ with anything less than diamond.
And that should be UA’s selling point. They have a product that Delta or AA can’t reasonably compete with in the short term. And when you’re competitors can’t compete with it, it’s best to put it on a route that’s…. competitive.
Plus they’ll also have much lower operating costs that a DL175 couldn’t match (1 flight attendent; cheaper pilots and all the other reasons they’re doing this in the first place). At a minimum, a UA550 should be able to pull in just as much revenue as a DL175, but at a much lower operating cost…. which gives them a huge pricing power advantage
+1 thanks loved the post very informative
Love this post. Quick. Succinct. Informative. More please…
Thanks for the feedback 🙂
Thanks Dan!
I’m still waiting for the Antarctica trip part 5
+1
+1000
Just a quick add on about thinking before you pack, my friend was on a plane to TLV a couple months ago. Just before takeoff, the police stormed the plane a removed an entire family. One guy packed in his suitcase a package that his (fill-in-the-blank) aunt sent with him, which she wrote on it “don’t open before the flight, it might explode – Ha Ha”. Security happened to open his suitcase and noticed the package which they didn’t think was so funny. Huge mess for this poor boy. They didn’t let him fly, and put him on the no-fly list!!!!
I think u should do this only on email if u didn’t check every day threw the week
I Can’t wait for the free Disney subscription!! Looking forward to that post! My kids will be thrilled! Thanks dan for all! I love the site!
I actually enjoyed this post, but only because it’s not often that you post these things, I would say post them about once a week
Thanks Dan for all your wonderful work
I an booked on the last 747 flight with ELAL. Is anyone being in Rome for Shabbos?About this event
How can a freelance journalist stand out in the industry? How does one enhance their storytelling techniques? Pi Media has invited an experience freelance journalist to answer these questions.
Rosie Hewitson is currently the Events Editor for Time Out, London. Before that, she was a freelance writer with experience pitching and writing interviews, features, news stories and opinion pieces for The Guardian, The Independent, VICE, Refinery29, Metro, Dazed and more. She has written on topics including music and the arts, queer issues, climate change, the internet and youth culture. Rosie has also worked on various branded content campaigns including VICE partnerships with VisitBritain, ArtFund and Van Moof bikes, and a major research project for Red Bull's Cultural Marketing team on the history of breakdancing.
Rosie graduated from UCL in 2016 and studied English Language and Literature.Rubber lined centrifugal ash slurry pump metal liner mine dewatering pumpsHDR Rubber Lined Slurry PumpsThe HDR series slurry pumps are cantilevered, horizontal, centrifugal slurry pumps. They are designed for the handling of highly abrasive, high-density slurry. The pumps of this series can be installed in multistage series. The features of this kind of Hedun slurry pump.1.Frame Plate 2.Expeller Ring 3.Packing Gland 4.Shaft Sleeve 5.Expeller6.Frame Plate Liner 7.Impeller 8.Cover Plate Liner 9.Cover PlateMore information you can click hereump Model Allowable Max. Power(kw) Clear Water Performance capacity Q Head H(m) speed n(r/min) Max.eff. η% NPSH (m) Impeller Dia(mm) m3/h l/s 1.5x1B-HDR 15 10.8-25.2 3-7 7-52 1400-3400 35 2-4 213 2x1.5B-HDR 15 25.2-54 7-15 5.5-41 1000-2600 50 2.5-5.5 1783x2C-HDR 30 36-75.4 10-21 13-39 1300-2100 55 2-4 2134x3C-HDR 30 79.2-180 22-50 5-34.5 800-1800 59 3-5 2454x3D-HDR 60 6x4D-HDR 60 144-324 40-90 12-45 800-1350 65 3-5 3656x4E-HDR 120 8x6E-HDR 120 324-720 90-200 7-49 400-1000 65 5-10 5108x6R-HDR 300 10x8ST-HDR 560 540-1188 150-330 12-50 400-750 75 4-12 686 12x10ST-HDR 560 720-1620 200-450 7-45 300-650 80 2.5-7.5 762 14x12ST-HDR 560 1152-2520 320-700 13-14 300-500 79 3-8 96516x14TU-HDR 1200 1224-2754 340-765 9-43 250-450 82 3-8 1067 Note: Quantity range recommended:50%Q’≤Q≤100%Q’(Q’Appropriate to capacity at highest efficiency point).1.NPSH:appropriate to point Q recommended at highest speed.Advantage: 1. The wet parts for Hedun Rubber Lined Slurry pump are made of corrosion-resistant and abrasive rubber material., and frequency conversion drive devices for the slurry pump. 6. Wide performance, good NPSH and high efficiency. The slurry pump can be installed in multistage series to meet the delivery for long distance.Hedun Rubber Lined Slurry pumpApplication: The type of HDR pumps are also used for handing strong abrasive, high density slurry and low density, high head slurry in the metallurgical, mining, coal, power, building material and other industrial departments etc. It is suitable for the corrosive slurry usually. In some ore dressing, some bigger HDR series pump also would be used to transport the fine ore or tailing with weak abrasion.
Minimum Order: 1 setsEpisode 14 – Stephen Kinch
What Construction Accounting Software Should You Use & Why?
What is the best construction accounting software that is suited to your business?
Ciaran sits down with Stephen Kinch, who is the Business Manager for Kalc Accounting. Kalc Accounting are part of the greater ICON Accounting group.
Stephen shares his great experience with accounting softwares, diving deep into the pros and cons of Xero, Sage 50, Sage Business Cloud etc.
Learn more about choosing the best construction accounting software for your business in our detailed blog.Basic Guidelines For English Spellings
READ THESE ARTICLES
Translate scent into Spanish
1A distinctive smell, especially one that is pleasant.
2A trail indicated by the characteristic smell of an animal and perceptible to hounds or other animals.
3 archaic mass noun The faculty or sense of smell.
1usually be scented withImpart a pleasant scent to.
2Discern by the sense of smell.
In possession of a useful clue in a search or investigation.
Mislead someone in the course of a search or investigation.
Late Middle English (denoting the sense of smell): from Old French sentir ‘perceive, smell’, from Latin sentire. The addition of -c- (in the 17th century) is unexplained.Dating sites in UK are a great place to meet and date on the net singles, gay and lesbian or direct. It has become popular in UK for men and women alike and individuals looking for a very good online dating site that has a great reputation on the net have used them to find great online dating services opportunities.
The most important issue to remember regarding these dating sites is they are all legitimate. Hook dating UK online Stansted fairview. The sites are free to sign up and use so the just way you are going to get scammed is if you give you a credit card details over the Internet. Free online dating sites have been around for a long time and they will continue to be around in the foreseeable future.
These dating sites focus on singles trying to find love, camaraderie, flirting, love-making and anything they can imagine. They do not discriminate against any individual based on contest, age, sexuality or religion.
Most of the internet dating sites are free just for members and gives many ways to find singles close to you or in a equivalent city. If you would like to check just for singles internet in Stansted, all you have to perform is search for the purpose of Manchester real love. You can find additional singles complementing similar interests and you can also post your profile and appearance through different profiles.
You can also meet up with other users of the seeing site and create your individual group. Getting started with online groups is a great method to meet new people and start a relationship with all of them. Some dating sites in UK allow you to get in touch with others through private mail messages and email so you can meet up and meet even more singles.
There are so many sites on the Internet given that are particularly made for persons in the UK. So if you want to meet up with singles in the united kingdom or anywhere else, take some time to browse throughout the sites for top level one that you want.
Another tip is usually to look at assessments before you start applying an online seeing site. A great review site can provide you some great details about which online dating sites are legit and which of them are just out there to make discount of both you and then presently there will be those that will be genuine and want to help you meet the right person.
Take the time for you to browse through the internet dating sites until you will find one that fits the needs you have. Make sure that you subscribe with a genuine dating site so you do not need to worry about obtaining scammed or wasting your time on someone you will not ever see once again.
The world wide web has made available so many prospects for the two gay and straight people to meet and date as well as the only way to do that is to participate in a going out with site in the UK. It does not matter what nation you live in, these dating sites can be found via the internet and you will meet new people and meet the correct person.Luxury Montblanc Summit Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch goes up for sale at $890
With the Huawei Watch 2 steered more toward fitness enthusiasts than lovers of classical and classy timepiece designs, much like the LG Watch Sport, and the Watch Style hardly what’d we call a premium-looking device, Android Wear fans are left seeking elegance in an entirely different price bracket.
It seems as though this year, if you want luxury, you’ll have to pay through the nose for the privilege. Namely, at least $1,650 as far as the Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 is concerned, about as much (presumably) on upscale Android Wear 2.0 products from Hugo Boss or Tommy Hilfiger coming in a few months, and “only” $890 and up for a Montblanc Summit.
The German manufacturer of extravagant writing instruments, traditional watches, jewelry and leather goods unveiled its rookie smartwatch effort back in March, commercially launching it stateside this week as a temporary Mr. Porter exclusive.
It remains to be seen if perhaps the Montblanc Summit will hit the US Google Store further down the line, though we wouldn’t count on that. Its target audience is fairly restrictive, and technology buffs will notice right off the bat both NFC and LTE support are missing.
The list of features is otherwise pretty robust, including a heart rate monitor, e-compass, barometer, microphone, Snapdragon Wear 2100 processor, 300mAh battery, 1.39-inch 400 x 400 AMOLED display, and IP68 certification for water and dust resistance.
Of course, the key selling point is still a vintage design up to “Swiss fine watchmaking codes”, with a stainless steel or titanium case, super-fancy crown button, “domed” sapphire crystal glass, and various leather straps to choose from. Choose carefully though, because a posh Montblanc Summit can set you back up to $1,070.Disclosures
The limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales which is an affiliate of Greenberg Traurig P.A. click here.
~Greenberg Traurig’s Warsaw office is operated by GREENBERG TRAURIG Nowakowska-Zimoch Wysokiński sp.k., an affiliate of Greenberg Traurig, P.A. and Greenberg Traurig, LLP. Certain partners in GREENBERG TRAURIG Nowakowska-Zimoch Wysokiński sp.k. are also shareholders in Greenberg Traurig, P.A. For more details as to this office click here.
¤Greenberg Traurig’s Tokyo Office is operated by GT Tokyo Horitsu Jimusho and Greenberg Traurig Gaikokuhojimubengoshi Jimusho, affiliates of Greenberg Traurig, P.A. and Greenberg Traurig, LLP. For more details as to this office click here.. For more details as to this office click here..
»Greenberg Traurig’s Milan office is operated by Greenberg Traurig Santa Maria, an affiliate of Greenberg Traurig, P.A. and Greenberg Traurig, LLP. For more details as to this office click here.
To read Greenberg Traurig's European Offices Privacy Notice, click here.PSG Superstar Lionel Messi Sends Stunning and Adorable Gift to Pope Francis
- Pope Francis cut a smiley face as he received a signed PSG shirt gifted to him by Lionel Messi
- The shirt was delivered by French Prime Minister Jean Castex during his recent visit to the Vatican
- Pope Francis is known to be a huge fan of Messi's work and has previously spoken highly of the PSG ace
PAY ATTENTION: Click “See First” under the “Following” tab to see Legit.ng News on your Facebook News Feed!
Lionel Messi has warmed Pope Francis's heart after gifting him a signed Paris Saint-Germain shirt.
Source: UGC
The shirt was delivered to the Pope by French Prime Minister Jean Castex during his visit to Vatican City.
SunSport reports Castex visited the Vatican to commemorate 100 years of diplomatic ties between the Holy See and France.
And the French official did not go empty-handed as he delivered a signed PSG shirt to the Pope from gifted by Messi.
Read also
Former Chelsea star tells legendary Lionel Messi why he does not deserve the 2021 Ballon d’Or
PAY ATTENTION: Install our latest app for Android, read best news on Nigeria’s #1 news app
Photos of the presentation of the shirt showed Pope Francis all smiles as he gladly received the special gift.
The Pope is understood to be a big football fan and supported Buenos Aires-based club Lorenzo as a young man.
He is equally believed to be a huge admirer of Messi's work having previously spoken highly of the former Barcelona star.
At the time, Pope Francis claimed the Barcelona icon is better than Argentina legend Diego Maradona and Brazil icon Pele.
"For me, [Lionel] Messi is better than Maradona and Pele," he said in 2016.
The two have met on two occasions, with one of their meetings happening in 2013.
Former Chelsea Star Tells Legendary Lionel Messi Why He Does Not Deserve the 2021 Ballon d’Or
Earlier, Legit.ng had reported how Argentine star Lionel Messi has been told he does not deserve to win this year’s Ballon d’Or due to the red card he received in the Spanish club final back in January.
Read also
Lionel Messi 'attacks' referee after Argentina struggle against Peru in World Cup qualifier.
The 34-year-old also captained Argentina to the long-awaited Copa America glory and went ahead to win the competition’s Golden Ball and Golden Boot.Ewert Kotze the City of Cape Town's Head of Rates Clearances, Deeds and Refunds, asks conveyancers and secretaries to please liaise with the relevant department for the upliftment / removal of conditions as per the Conveyance Report before submitting costs paid and transfer documentation. Otherwise delays in dealing with upliftment / removal at the authorising stage of the S 118 certificate can / may result in the application being withdrawn if the condition is not cleared timeously.
Reader Comments:
Dear Mr Kotze. We will gladly do the City's work for it in liaising with the relevant department to remove conditions. All we ask is that you disclose the condition in the conveyace report and give us the contact details of the responsible department, as your own staff very seldom know the details. Gerhard Brits. Brits Dreyer Inc./>
Donald Trump’s former national security advisor, Michael Flynn has stirred up outrage following his suggestion for the US to have “one religion.”
At a three-day conference in San Antonio, Texas, for the “ReAwaken America” tour, the former national security adviser and keynote speaker called for Christianity to become the singular religion of the United States.
Flynn who pleaded guilty twice to lying to the FBI, made the call at the event featuring a flurry of Trump loyalists and anti-vaxx doctors.
He said;
“If we are going to have one nation under God, which we must, we have to have one religion. One nation under God, and one religion under God.”.”
He also said he has taped a segment for “Tucker Carlson Tonight” on what he calls the “insurrection crucifixion,” comparing House Speaker Nancy Pelosi to Pontius Pilate, the man who ordered the crucifixion of Jesus in the Bible.
The former NSA added;
“This is the crucifixion of our First Amendment freedom to speak, freedom to peacefully assemble. It’s unbelievable.”
Mr Flynn faced an instant backlash for his comments with critics saying he “hates the constitution” and warning about history repeating itself with the Holocaust.
“Michael Flynn hates the US Constitution,” tweeted Preet Bharara, former US Attorney for the Southern District of New York.
Fred Guttenberg, gun safety activist and the father of Parkland massacre victim Jaime Guttenberg, said that Mr Flynn’s comments proved why people need to be educated about “things like race in America and the Holocaust”.
“I am assuming when Michael Flynn tells his GQP followers we need to be a nation with ‘one religion’ he probably is not thinking Judaism,” he tweeted..
Halper was used in an attempt to substantiate false allegations made by former British spy Christopher Steele, who was paid by the Democratic National Committee and the Hillary Clinton campaign to compile the dossier purporting that former President Donald Trump and his campaign, including Page, campaign chairman Paul Manafort and then-Trump Organization attorney Michael Cohen, were Russian agents.
The Steele dossier was used by the Justice Department to obtain the FISA warrant against Page and the campaign
Read More At Investor's Business Daily:
Married women vote Republican. Unmarried women lopsidedly vote Democrat. It is both silly and dishonest to deny that it is in the Democrats' interest that women not marry. Blacks who are not angry at America, especially white America, are more likely than those who harbor such anger to vote Republican. The more a black considers America a racist society, the more he or she is a guaranteed Democratic voter. The more a Latino assimilates into American society, the more likely he or she is to vote Republican. On the other hand, the more Latinos continue to identify with the country they or their parents fled, the more likely they are to vote Democrat. In the past, nearly all immigrants sought to become American and to shed their previous national or ethnic identity. Today, many, perhaps a majority of, immigrants from Latin America do not have that goal. They come primarily for economic benefits. Meanwhile, under cover of "multiculturalism," Democrats and the rest of the Left cultivate immigrants' Latin identities, knowing that the more American an immigrant feels, the less likely he or she is to vote Democrat. Americans who do not see themselves as victims — of an "unfair" or "racist" or "misogynist" society — are more likely to vote Republican. Americans who see themselves as victims of American society are likely to vote Democrat. The more Americans depend on themselves or their family or community, the more likely they are to vote Republican. The more Americans depend on the government — whether for a job or for economic assistance — the more likely they are to vote Democrat. Therefore, it is in the Democrats' interest to have more and more Americans depend on the state. In other words, in almost every area of life, the better things are, the worse it is for the Democratic Party. The Democratic Party cultivates singlehood, black anger, Latino separatism, victimhood, group grievance and dependency on government. Nor is this the only way in which Democrats damage America. The Democratic Party has become a destructive force. Though you may not intend to, if you vote for any Democrat, you contribute to destruction..” Nixon brought about change on the basis of his vast knowledge of history, foreign affairs, and his judgment regarding the American people. By contrast, President Obama does not seem to like the American people or America. Do you think Obama will go down as the most corrupt president in history? Take the Official Tea Party Poll. Click HERE!
The president's speaking about the Iraq air strikes before getting on the helicopter to fly to Martha's Vineyard. Odumbos’s Still blaming Bush. This man got elected promising to get every evidence of any American presence out of IRAQ, and he did. And when he did, he very proudly proclaimed it. And now he's blaming the Iraqis and Bush for what he did.. Now he's blaming it on everybody else, but he was taking credit for it there in the debate, taking credit for leaving no troops there..
'Extortion 17' attack worst single loss of U.S. military life in Afghanistan campaign
Larry Klayman of Freedom Watch this week asked the federal courts for an order that the government agencies review their records about the Aug. 6, 2011, disaster for the U.S. military and respond with information about documents he’s seeking.
It was a U.S. Boeing CH47 Chinook military helicopter, call sign Extortion 17, that was shot down while hauling a quick reaction force of Navy SEALs near Kabul, Afghanistan. Enemy fighters reportedly used a rocket-propelled grenade to hit the aircraft, which plummeted to the ground. Killed were 25 American special ops fighters, as well as five Army National Guard and Reserve crew members as well as seven Afghan commandos and one Afghan interpreter. Some of the members of the fighting unit were members of Navy SEAL Team 6, and the attack happened only a short time after Vice President Joe Biden revealed to the world that it was that team that had gone into Pakistan to remove Sept. 11 terror attack instigator Osama bin Laden. They ended up killing him. It sought a long list of documents about suspicious circumstances apparent in the tragedy, including the decision “to invite a Muslim cleric to pray at the ramp ceremony in Afghanistan for the … U.S. servicemen.” Also, there are questions about the “missing” black box, the seven Afghani military members who were scheduled to be on the flight, but weren’t, and the seven Afghanis who replaced them. Also, there are questions about reports that it was known that 100 Taliban members had traveled to that location to attack the mission, and questions about Biden’s “public disclosures” of military information that normally is kept extremely quiet – the identities of those involved in a high-profile military mission. In a new commentary released at the same time as word about the court filing against the Obama administration, Klayman noted that it’s never been easy to get information under the Freedom of Information Act. Read Klayman’s commentary here: “But he said Obama has taken the position to a new level. “As a result, various public interest groups, the media and the citizenry in general have been stymied from learning the full truth about the myriad of scandals rocking the Obama administration, everything from IRS-gate, to Benghazi-gate, to Fast and Furious-gate, and Extortion 17-gate, where 17 Navy SEALS (including some who went on the mission that killed Osama Bin Laden), 5 other special ops forces and eight other servicemen died at the hands of the Taliban in a raid that some observers, like myself who represents some of the families of our heroes, feel was possibly compromised not just by the corrupt Afghani government that is infiltrated with Muslim terrorists but perhaps within our own government, including military brass,” he wrote. The wrongful death lawsuit, filed some months ago, seeks more than $600 million in damages from the Taliban, al-Qaida, Iran, Afghanistan and others for the deaths of members of the U.S. military’s SEAL Team 6..”
The parents of a SEAL Team 6 member who died in Afghanistan have called on President Barack Obama to resign, saying that his "cowardly lack of leadership" in handling the barbaric Islamic State threatens U.S. and global security. In an open letter published at WorldTribune.com, Billy and Karen Vaughn, whose son Aaron died in 2011, wrote that they were stunned by Obama’s decision to go golfing directly after giving a somber speech about the beheading of American journalist James Foley by the jihadists, also known as ISIS. "As commander-in-chief, your actions, or lack thereof, Mr. President, cost lives," said the Vaughns, whose son was killed in action when a Chinook helicopter was shot down over Afghanistan with 30 American soldiers on.(DemocrapCare) . It’s a full repudiation of OWEbama economics.”
1) Nearly Doubling The National Debt: Let’s see, what was it that Barack Obama said about our debt back in 2008 when he was trying to convince Americans to vote him into office? 2) Unleashing The Genie From The Nuclear Weapons Bottle In The Middle East: 3) Facilitating Illegal Immigration: 4) Encouraging Racial Polarization: 5) Losing A War We Had Already Won In Iraq:
9) Obama committed numerous impeachable acts. In 2014, Andrew C. McCarthy, former Assistant US Attorney for the Southern District of New York, laid out 7 impeachable crimes committed by Obama, some of which I listed above. They were:
A- The President’s Willful Refusal to Execute the Laws Faithfully and Usurpation of the Legislative Authority of Congress.
B- Usurping the Constitutional Authority and Prerogatives of Congress.
C- Dereliction of duty as Commander-in-Chief.
D- Fraud perpetrated against the American people.
E- Obama’s illegal immigration policies.
F- Justice Department’s alleged failure to execute the laws faithfully.
G- Undermining the constitutional rights of the American people.
I’m sure that over the course of the next couple of decades, there will be volumes written about how Barack Obama was by far the worst president in American history, but I don’t have the time or space to list them all here.
To paraphrase Abraham Lincoln: It’s a good thing the left(Democraps) loves the poor---they’ve made so many of. And the family, by God’s design, has been repeatedly been shown to be the key to upward mobility..
(Owebenedict message being a traitor is ok as Oweblamer loves traitors and deserters like Bergdahl too.) By commuting Manning’s richly deserved sentence, Obama is sending a horrible message to dedicated U.S. public servants, in and out of uniform, that honoring their responsibility to keep national security secrets from the public eye isn’t all that important.. The “mercy” that some argue for was actually granted by the trial judge: She didn’t sentence Manning to the 50 or 100 or 136 years Manning could have served.. The evidence “pointed to an inside job,” he said. “The nine points of forgery between the Johanna Ah’nee birth certificate and Obama’s [long-form birth certificate] prove convincingly that the Ah’nee birth certificate was the source document from which the Obama LFBC was created.”
Because we want a sovereign nation, closed borders, the rule of law followed and we don’t want terrorists brought in by the fricking plane full, the left paints us as bigots and haters. We are patriots and those who love our country and the laws and principles she was founded on. Bernie not so much. He sucks at economics and basic math, he thinks moral, upright Americans are hatemongers and he wants the government to rule every part of our lives. Everything will be free, but you’ll be taxed to death to get it.
(You and our loved ones are in danger thanks to Owebummer, Biden, Hillary, Democraps all for the Owebummer retreat/withdrawal out of Iraq, Hillary’s Libya war and basic cowardice, appeasement and Democrap Vietnam process to demoralize, defund and defang our war efforts..) The FBI and members of Congress confirm ISIS has been creating high-quality, fake passports for travel to Europe, the U.S. and many other countries who have already been dispersed to their destinations. grid's vulnerability to physical, electromagnetic pulse (EMP) and cyber-attack by ISIS and other terrorist groups.. Veteran news anchor Ted Koppel just wrote a book called Lights Out that details this exact scenario. And CENTCOM General Lloyd Austin says, "It's not a question of if, it's a question of when."
"The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people’s money." -- Margaret Thatcher
"Socialism is when government's taking care of you, you send all your money to the government, the government decides how to spend it instead of letting the people spend it and make all those decisions." -- Bob Latta
 goal of socialism is communism." -- Vladimir Lenin
socialism harms, it weakens the economies of countries that have tried it. Weaker economies hurt everybody in them. Socialism kills incentive, opportunity, freedom. It is the opposite of what America is all about. Look, socialism always harms the people it claims to help the most. It handicaps them, leaving them weaker, less self-determined, less free." -- Bobby Jindal
“When plunder becomes a way of life for a group of men in a society, over the course of time they create for themselves a legal system that authorizes it and a moral code that glorifies it.” -- Frédéric Bastiat
I believe that all forms of socialism have been proven over time to result in a loss of both economic and civil liberties, with increasing poverty." -- John Mackey

19) "Socialists cry 'Power to the people', and raise the clenched fist as they say it. We all know what they really mean--power over people, power to the State." -- Margaret Thatcher
20) "The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries." -- Winston Churchill
Mein Kampf:736 "The swastika had been used as a symbol of the Germanic [pagan] religion by folkish groups in primitive cults."
Mein Kampf:845 "Nazism must claim the right to force its principles on the whole and educate everyone about its ideas and thoughts without regard to previous boundaries."."
Mein Kampf:851 "The most striking success of the revolution of a view of life will always be won whenever the new view of life [religotic] is taught [dictated] to all people, and if necessary, is forced upon them."
Mein Kampf 960 ."
Mein Kampf:920 "We must reimplant in the people the spirit of proud self-respect, manly defiance, and wrathful hate." The Founding Fathers vigorously debated the role of the federal government and defined it in Article I, Section 8 — spelling out the specific duties and obligations of the federal government.Most notably, these included providing a military for national security, coining money, establishing rules for immigration and citizenship, establishing rules for bankruptcy, setting up a postal system, establishing trademark and copyright rules, and setting up a legal system to resolve disputes. It achieves this, among other ways, by relying on volunteers to do much of the work.Three in four families donate to charity, averaging more than 3%.
(Know it all Obama & Kerry - A history lesson for them or Fundamental Transformation with extra Hope & Change for us?)
Bill Clinton, who announced a nuclear arms deal with North Korea in 1994 that ended up failing miserably, used optimistic language in his speech that sounded remarkably similar to language used by the Obama administration after this weekend’s deal with Iran. “Today, I want to announce an important step forward in the situation in North Korea,” Clinton said in a White House address on June 22, 1994. ”This afternoon we have received formal confirmation from North Korea that it will freeze the major elements of its nuclear program… In response, we are informing the North Koreans that we are ready to go forward with a new round of talks in Geneva early next month.” At the time, North Korea did not have confirmed nuclear weapons. Clinton assured the American people that North Korea consented to stopping key aspects of its nuclear program and to allow International Atomic Energy Agency (IEAE) inspectors to monitor the Pyongyang nuclear facility for “verification of North Korea’s agreement.” We will suspend our efforts to pursue sanctions if there was a verifiable freeze on the nuclear program while the talks continue,” Clinton said in response to a question from reporter Helen Thomas. Clinton called the deal a “very positive development.” North Korea’s first nuclear weapon test occurred in October 2006, just more than twelve years after Clinton’s deal. Clinton’s announcement sounded similar to Secretary of State John Kerry’s recent defense of the Iran deal.
Echoes of Clinton in Obama’s awful Iran deal In announcing his nuclear framework, the president declared : “This agreement is good for the United States, good for our allies, and good for the safety of the entire world.” He said the deal requires them to “freeze [their] existing nuclear program and to accept international inspection of all existing facilities.” He said the agreement “does not rely on trust. Compliance will be certified by the International Atomic Energy Agency.” The president who spoke those words was not Barack Obama. It was Bill Clinton, on Oct 18, 1994, announcing that his administration had reached agreement on a nuclear framework with North Korea. Twelve years later, North Korea exploded a nuclear bomb. And today, Pyongyang is reportedly a few years away from having as many as 100 nuclear weapons . The words may be similar, but the framework Obama reached with Iran is actually worse than the one Clinton negotiated with North Korea."&mkt_tok=3RkMMJWWfF9wsRohv6vIZKXonjHpfsX56eQkX6W0lMI%2F0ER3fOvrPUfGjI4ATMVqMq%2BTFAwTG5toziV8R7jHKM1t0sEQWBHm
More than 200 retired U.S. generals and admirals added their names to the Iran nuclear agreement’s opposition this week after they sent a letter to top congressional leaders pressing lawmakers to reject the accord. The former senior military officers contend that the deal threatens U.S. national security, noting the estimated $150 billion that will pour into Tehran if sanctions are lifted and will provide the regime with more funds to support terrorism. The letter also points to limitations of international inspections, claiming that the current framework is unverifiable and lacks credibility. Congress has until Sept. 17 to accept or reject the deal.. He said the military leaders released the letter "so that people can contact their congressmen, their senators and prevent this deal from even being signed. He said that the actions of President Barack Obama, Secretary of State John Kerry and top presidential adviser Valerie Jarrett were "really bordering on treasonous grounds right now."
On a weekly basis, Iranian leaders incite crowds with shouts of “Death to America!” and “Death to Israel!” We’re the great Satan. Israel is the little Satan. They want our destruction---so why would our government ever pave the way toward Iran possibly getting a nuclear bomb? Even though millions of Iranians would die through retaliation, they would ostensibly die as martyrs for Jihad, therefore they’d go to paradise. Although Iran is Shiite (representing roughly 15% of all Islam), the vast majority of Islam, the Sunni population, includes many radical Muslims as well. ISIS and Al-Qaeda are Sunni groups. Hezbollah is Shiite. One is tempted to say, pick your poison. “….Bukhari 4,52,267 Mohammed cried out, ‘Jihad is deceit.’ “Bukhari 5,59,369 Bin Maslama volunteered to kill an enemy for Mohammed, then said, ‘Give me permission to deceive him with lies so that my plot will succeed.’ Mohammed replied, ‘You may speak falsely to him.’” And they summarize all this in a sentence: “If deception to an enemy is advantageous to Islam, it is not a sin.”
Iran's Supreme Leader has now published his own version of "Mein Kampf," Hitler's infamous 1925-26 autobiographical tract against the Jews. A copy of Khamenei's "Palestine" landed in the hands of Gatestone Europe Chairman Amir Taheri.
As the Iranian expat wrote in the New York Post, the ayatollah uses words of hate and destruction in the volume, like " 'nabudi,' which means 'annihilation' ... 'imha,' which means 'fading out,' and, finally, there is 'zaval,' meaning 'effacement.'" And Khamenei argues that his strategy for making the state of Israel nothing more than a memory is based on "well-established Islamic principles," one of which, as Taheri describes it, "is that a land that falls under Muslim rule, even briefly, can never again be ceded to non-Muslims." Teheri points out that this is a widespread Islamic belief: "Dozens of maps circulate in the Muslim world showing the extent of Muslim territories lost to the Infidel that must be recovered," including "large parts of Russia and Europe, almost a third of China, the whole of India and parts of the Philippines and Thailand." Israel is "adou" and "doshman," translated as "enemy" and "foe," to be targeted for special attention because it is the "ally of the American Great Satan," As Khamenei boasts in the book, "We have intervened in anti-Israel matters, and it brought victory in the 33-day war by Hezbollah against Israel in 2006 and in the 22-day war between Hamas and Israel in the Gaza Strip." And what replaces the vacuum of power left in the absence of the Jewish state and its "Great Satan" sponsor, America? According to the ayatollah, "the hegemony of Iran will be promoted." Does "Iranian hegemony" not sound similar to the Nazis' infamous demands for German "Lebenstraum" or "living room," carried out by conquering other ethnic groups' lands?
It’s amazing how Democrats nuke up terrorist regimes, first with President Bill Clinton with North Korea and now with President Obama and Iran. Iran’s military is no match for America’s but Obama is making Iran look powerful because he refuses to stand up to them. President Reagan negotiated with the Soviets because they already had nukes, not to give them more, and even walked away from the negotiating table. He would have never cut a deal with a third-world terrorist regime spreading terrorism, which is exactly what Obama has done. If the Senate had real Republican leadership, it would’ve treated any agreement with Iran as a treaty. Just because Obama says it’s not a treaty doesn’t mean the Senate has to capitulate. We cannot leave it up to one man to decide the fate of our nation
(Owebummer & Democraps coddle terrorists & dictators; weak on our enemies, hard on our allies..). North Korea’s nuclear test is a serious and irreparable violation of numerous U.N. Security Council resolutions.
In reality, Obama is quite possibly one of the biggest liars our nation has ever suffered in the White House. (lies & more lies) from our less-than-honest chief executive.
(moving on up the ladder). Calls for raising income tax rates to make "the rich" pay their undefined "fair share" are an exercise in futility because income taxes do not touch wealth. Higher income taxes are a tax on people trying to accumulate wealth.
Cruz launched into the moderators about their debate questions. "You know, let me say something at the outset. The questions that have been asked so far in this debate illustrate why the American people don't trust the media." Cruz added, "Contrast with the Democratic debate, where every fawning question from the media was, 'Which of you is more handsome and why?'" The crowd laughed with amusement. "Let me be clear. The men and women on this stage have more ideas, more experience, more common sense than every participant in the Democratic debate," Cruz said. "That debate reflected a debate between the Bolsheviks and the Mensheviks. And nobody watching at home believed that any of the moderators had any intention of voting in a Republican primary.
"The government has lied to you and they have stolen from you," Christie told listeners. " They told you your money is in a trust fund . … Social Security is going to be insolvent in seven to eight years." He said his plan will save $1 trillion. Noting that Hillary Clinton has proposed increasing Social Security taxes, he asked, "If somebody has stolen from you, are you going to give them more?"
Senator Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), who had a stellar night, piled on during a debate over political action committees. "Democrats have the ultimate Super PAC. It's called the mainstream media."
?" Have guns become more evil or have people become more evil? "Get it straight: Welfare, Food Stamps, WIC ... are taxpayer-funded handouts, and shouldn't be called entitlements. Social Security and Veterans Benefits are 'Entitlements' because the people receiving them are entitled to them. They were earned and paid for by the recipients." .
Files coming soon..” His numerous honors include a National Science Foundation CAREER award, the Pittsburg Conference Achievement Award, the American Chemical Society Young Investigator in Separation Science Award and the Emerging Leader in Chromatography Award, given by LCGC magazine. In 2019, The Analytical Scientist magazine named Anderson to their Top 100 Analytical Scientists Power List.
Anderson is the current editor of Journal of Chromatography A and serves on the editorial advisory boards for Analytical Chemistry, Analytica Chimica Acta, Analytical and Bioanalytical Chemistry and several other professional journals. Anderson has forged strategic partnerships with industrial collaborators and academic research groups throughout Europe, South America, North America and Asia.
Allen Essman Faculty Fellowship
Jay Newell
Jay.
Angela B. Pavitt Professorship in English
John Levis
John.
Brian and Rondi Gardner Faculty Award
Nell Gabiam
Nell Gabiam is an associate professor in political science and world languages and cultures whose past research focused on the politics of humanitarian and development aid in Palestinian refugee camps. Her most recent work examines the experiences of Palestinian refugees who have been displaced by the ongoing Syrian war. Gabiam’s first book, “The Politics of Suffering: Syria’s Palestinian Refugee Camps” was published in 2016. She is currently working on a second book. An accomplished teacher-scholar, Gabiam’s professional journal articles have garnered hundreds of citations.
Gabiam also co-directs Iowa State’s Middle Eastern studies minor in the Department of World Languages and Cultures. She’s earned two Dean’s Emerging Faculty Leader Awards; and was named a visiting scholar at the Institute for Advanced Study in Toulouse, France. In 2020 Gabiam was named to the American Council of Learned Societies Fellows, an award supporting talented scholars pursuing research in the humanities.
Cassling Innovation Award
Stephanie Madon
Stephanie Madon, professor of psychology, aims to advance understanding about the ways in which pre-existing beliefs and cognitive biases alter people’s judgments and behaviors. She is particularly interested in how expectations influence the perceptions of forensic examiners and others in the criminal justice system, as well as the psychological processes that lead suspects to confess during custodial police interrogations.
Madon’s research has been funded.
The Cassling Innovation Award was established by Dr. Randal Cassling and Lori Cassling to facilitate novel faculty research projects, especially as they relate to interdisciplinary research and scholarship.
Charles and Mary Sukup Endowed Artist in Organ
Miriam Zach
Miriam S. Zach is an internationally
David Fernandez-Baca
David Fernandez-Baca, professor of computer science, studies computational phylogenetics. His research involves using mathematical algorithms to analyze the evolution of species and genes. His body of work includes interdisciplinary research with experts from Iowa State University, the University of Arizona, the University of Florida and the National Center for Genome Resources.
Fernandez-Baca’s research has been published in numerous professional journals, including: Frontiers in Plant Science, Bioinformatics, Algorithms for Molecular Biologist, Discreet Applied Mathematics and others. His work has secured $6 million in highly competitive research grants from the National Science Foundation (NSF). He has twice earned the NSF’s Tree of Life award, in 2002 and 2010. He was part of the team who established the Bioinformatics and Computational Biology (BCB) Graduate Program at Iowa State, which was one of the first BCB programs in the United States..
Jean Bacon Louis Faculty Fellowship in Instrumental and Keyboard Music
Gregory Oakes
Gregory Oakes is an internationally-recognized clarinetist who has performed in venues around the world, including in the Netherlands, Germany, Brazil and Thailand. During the summer, he serves on the faculty of The Cortona Sessions festival for new music in Italy. His music has been released on multiple recording labels and broadcast on National Public Radio. He is currently the principal clarinet of the Des Moines Symphony Orchestra. As a founding member of the new music and creative arts ensemble Non Sequitur, he has been in residence at Princeton University, Harvard University, Dartmouth College and the Aspen Music Festival.
John and Mary Weaver Professor of Physics
Robert McQueeney
Robert McQueeney is a professor in the Department of Physics and Astronomy and senior scientist at Ames Laboratory. His primary research is focused on neutron scattering in magnetic materials. He’s also involved in several projects that focus on the development and understanding of novel magnetic materials.
McQueeney leads the Magnetic Interactions and Excitations in Quantum Materials group at Ames Lab. He also co-founded the Center for the Advancement of Topological Semimetals (CATS) at Ames Lab and serves as the center’s director. An accomplished scholar with 140 publications, McQueeney’s research has garnered more than 6,497 citations. He’s earned many awards including: a College of Liberal Arts and Sciences Award for Outstanding Achievement in Research, an Oppenheimer Science and Energy Leadership Fellowship and an Iowa State University Award for Mid-Career Achievement in Research.
The John and Mary Weaver Professorship supports an outstanding faculty member in the Department of Physics and Astronomy, with preference given to scientists specializing in condensed matter physics.
Lanh and Oanh Nguyen Chair of Software Engineering
Myra Cogen
Myra Cohen is the Lanh and Oanh Nguyen Chair of Software Engineering and a professor in the Department of Computer Science. She specializes in configuration-aware software testing, testing, search-based software engineering and the application of software engineering techniques in systems and synthetic biology. Cohen is an Association for Computer Machinery (ACM) Distinguished Scientist; and she has received four ACM distinguished paper awards. An internationally recognized scholar, Cohen’s papers have garnered more than 6,000 citations. Her honors include a National Science Foundation CAREER award, an Air Force Office of Scientific Research Young Investigator Award and participation in the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA) Research Group. She has been funded externally from multiple agencies including the National Science Foundation, the Air Force Office of Scientific Research and DARPA.
Cohen has held many organizational roles in top-tier software engineering conferences, including general chair for the IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software Engineering 2015 and program co-chair for the ACM Joint European Software Engineering Conference and Symposium on the Foundations of Software Engineering 2020.
LAS Dean’s Faculty Fellow in the Arts
K. L. Cook
K. L. Cook, professor of English and co-coordinator of Iowa State University’s MFA Program in Creative Writing and Environment, is the award-winning author of six books of poetry, fiction and essays. Cook’s works have earned numerous honors, including the inaugural Prairie Schooner Book Prize in Fiction, the Willa Award for Best Contemporary Fiction and the Spokane Prize for Short Fiction.
His stories, essays, articles, and poems have appeared widely in journals, magazines and national anthologies. He also is the recipient of a Western Writers of America Award for Best Short Story, the Grand Prize from the Santa Fe Writers Project, an Arizona Commission on the Arts fellowship and grant and residency fellowships to the MacDowell Colony, Yaddo, Ucross and Blue Mountain Center.
Lucken Faculty Fellowship
Tao Wang.
The Lucken Faculty Fellowship was established by Kent A. Lucken to support a faculty member who is advancing students’ understanding and appreciation for China and its expanding role in shaping international affairs and the global economy.
Lucken Professorship in Political Science
David Peterson.
The Lucken Professorship in Political Science was established by Kent A. Lucken to reward faculty in the Department of Political Science who demonstrate excellence in teaching, research and service.
Kingland Data Analytics Faculty Fellow
Heike Hofmann
Heike Hofmann, professor in the Department of Statistics, is an internationally recognized expert on data visualization. Her research on visual inference provides a framework to evaluate the statistical significance of a graphical finding, thereby establishing a p-value for charts. Hofmann’s research also focuses on statistical graphics, statistical computing and multivariate methods, particularly categorical data. Most recently, Hofmann has dedicated her research efforts to the Center for Statistics and Applications for Forensic Evidence (CSAFE), housed at Iowa State, where she is developing and refining techniques for matching striae—the ridges and grooves on spent bullets—for use in forensic investigations.
Hofmann’s work with CSAFE was instrumental in the center’s 2018 American Statistical Association (ASA) Statistical Partnerships Among Academe, Industry and Government (SPAIG) award. Individually, Hofmann has earned numerous awards, most notably ASA Fellow designation in 2015. She has received several honors from Iowa State’s College of Liberal Arts and Sciences, including awards for Outstanding Achievement in Teaching, Mid-Career Excellence in Research/Artistic Creativity and Early Excellence in Research/Artistic Creativity.
Kingland Professor of Data Analytics). Fellowship
Bernard Lidicky
Lidický, associate professor of mathematics, is an accomplished mathematician with expertise in combinatorics, in particular extremal graph theory and graph coloring. He serves as associate chair for research and faculty development in the Department of Mathematics. Lidický is an editorial board member for the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics Journal on Discrete Mathematics. He cofounded the postbaccalaureate math certificate program which has helped many undergraduate mathematics degree holders smoothly transition into the rigors of graduate mathematics. Lidicky is the principal investigator for two National Science Foundation awards totaling $610,000. He is also a co-principal investigator for several NSF-funded research projects. Lidický also played a key role in helping the math department secure a $1.5 million Research Training Group award.
Scott Hanna Faculty Fellowship
Jason McCullough
Jason McCullough is an associate professor and nationally recognized mathematician with expertise in the areas of commutative and computational algebra, algebraic geometry and coding theory. He’s published 26 papers in several leading mathematics journals, including the Journal of the American Mathematical Society and the Journal of Algebra. He is an editorial board member for the International Journal of Algebra and Computation and co-principal investigator on a successful NSF conference grant.
Scott Hanna
Alex Tuckness
Alex Tuckness is a professor of political science and joined Iowa State’s Department of Political Science in 1999. He also serves at the department’s director of graduate education. Tuckness’ research focuses on the history of political philosophy and its implications for contemporary issues. He examines the interconnections between past ideas and current political debates, exploring topics such as toleration, mercy, punishment, humanitarian intervention, ethics and public service, and revolutions.18 Still DockTown
$4,395,000MLS #: 88915
- Bedrooms: 3
- Rooms: 5
- Bathrooms: 4
- Lot: 0.0000 Acres
- Year Built: 1950
- Heating: GasFHA
- Water: Town
- Sewer: Town
Overlooking the harbor, this beautiful property is on Still Dock and faces Old North Wharf. Completely remodeled in 2020 and professionally decorated. The upside-down floor plan has a first floor family room with full bath and two en-suite bedrooms. The second floor has an open floor plan with great room and balcony, dining area and bright kitchen as well as the primary suite. A gem in town with excellent rental history.
First Floor
Two bedrooms with en suite baths, family room with full bath and laundry area. Door leading out to small patio area and Still dock.
Second Floor
Open Living Room with gas fireplace, french doors out to deck that overlooks Nantucket Harbor and old North Wharf, updated kitchen and spacious dining area. Master bedroom with en suite bath and built in drawers.
Listed by: Maury People Sotheby's International Realty | Added on: November 05, 2021View More Information?’”
Most people will remember “The Odd Couple,” either from the Neil Simon Broadway play, the 1970s television series starring Jack Klugman and Tony Randall, or the brand new T.V. reboot starring Matthew Perry. The storyline is the same in all three iterations. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison are roommates. Force by circumstance to live together, Felix and Oscar are a mismatched pair. One is tidy and fastidious, while the other is a free-wheeling, devil-may-care slob. Nothing about them belongs in close proximity. They are like oil and water, mayonnaise and peanut butter, matches and gasoline.
Mismatched and ill-suited pairs came to mind this past week as I studied the biblical passages assigned by the lectionary for today. Both the Old Testament lesson from Song of Solomon and the Gospel lesson from Mark are a drastic departure from what we’ve been reading for the past month. Song of Solomon has nothing to do with the history of King David and his successors, and Mark leaves behind the Jesus’ long “bread of life” soliloquy from John. These readings are disconnected from what’s come before, and they are surely disconnected from one another. In a survey of the entire bible, I’m not sure you could find a more mismatched coupling. Oscar and Felix, to be sure.
Let’s look at the Gospel first. The Pharisees who approach and verbally attack Jesus are scrupulous in their religion, but Jesus responds that their outward observance is not mirrored by their character in the world, or their inner constitution. The Pharisees emphasize the wrong things, Jesus says. They observe their religion with one eye on the crowd, to make sure they’re racking up piety points for their prayer, their purity, their fastidiousness in things holy. All the while, they condemn, disregard, and cast aspersions on others with curled lips and self-righteous tongues.
Mark’s account is about hypocrisy, about putting on religious airs, about outward and visible piety that masks an inward being Jesus calls, in another setting, “a whitewashed tomb.”[i] What’s the Song of Solomon about?
The Song of Solomon is so unlike anything else in Holy Scripture that when quoted unnamed many people find it difficult to believe it’s from the Bible at all. It is a love poem, earthy and intimate, blushingly sensual in many places, celebrating the knowing (in the biblical sense) of those deeply in love. I doubt the Pharisees liked it very much!
Today’s reading begins with one of those overblown, gushing passages in the poem: “Look, [my beloved] comes, leaping upon the mountains, bounding over the hills. My beloved is like a gazelle or a young stag.” Seriously? A gazelle? Who talks like that, except those gushingly, unguardedly, in love?
But the syrup recedes at crucial turning points in the Song of Solomon, and midway through today’s reading is one such point. At this moment, we sense that the lovers, even before their union, have already braved some harrowing things. They have walked through darkness—through winter’s cold—and they have come out the other side together. Listen again to these words:
Arise, my love, my fair one, and come away;
For the winter is past, the rain is over and gone.
The flowers appear on the earth; the time of singing has come…
Arise, my love, my fair one, and come away.
We sense that their love is not, after all, flighty. It has already been tested.
This passage is one of the readings the Prayer Book appoints for weddings, and when used there, another couple of verses are added to the end.[ii] They include these words, “Set me as a seal upon your heart, as a seal upon your arm.”
The meaning is lost on twenty-first century folk. In a world in which physical intimacy wasn’t nearly as trivialized as it is today, the “seal ring,” which is mentioned here, was a solemn oath a couple would make to each other the morning after their first night together, when they would awaken to the immense risk they had taken by giving themselves to one another, by making themselves so vulnerable.
In other words, in the afterglow of love, any light and flirtatious banter is replaced by an acknowledgement that something transforming, something sacred, has occurred between them. So that the couple don’t dismiss, disregard, or forget what has passed between them, they seal themselves with an oath upon one another’s heart.
Only with this seal—only with this acknowledged commitment—can the lovers claim the final words from the wedding reading:
For love is as strong as death,
Passion fierce as the grave.
Its flashes are flashes of fire, a raging flame.
Many waters cannot quench love, neither can floods drown it.
If offered for love all the wealth of one’s house,
It would be utterly scorned.
As I’ve prayed on these “Odd Couple” passages from the Song of Solomon and the Gospel of Mark this past week, I’ve come to realize that either the compilers of the lectionary are brilliant, or else the Holy Spirit does, indeed, work in wondrous ways. Because, in the end, what Mark and the Song of Solomon juxtapose are two diametrically opposed ways of worshiping God.
The first is the Pharisees’ way. Worship means presenting oneself as holy to the outside world, appearing holy as God is holy. And as outwards appearances are, so the thinking goes, inward being will follow. But we know, as Jesus tells us and as we’ve seen even this past week in the increasingly vitriolic social and political rhetoric and in the Ashley Madison lists of our world, that too often outward polish merely hides inner corrosion, even from the Pharisee himself. A veneer of holiness masks, in Jesus’ words, “evil intentions, slander, pride, and folly” towards the world and the children of God.
The second manner of worship, embodied in the Old Testament reading, is all about adoration. You see, the reason the love poem that is the Song of Solomon is included in the bible is that it has always been embraced as a metaphor for the love between God and creation, between Christ and the Church. Read that way, the poem is all about giving oneself over to God vulnerably and in love. One can’t fall in love in theory. One cannot—except in a bad reality T.V. show—fall in love only on the surface. Falling in love is all-in. Falling in love necessarily means a wholesale transformation in one’s interests, one’s priorities, one’s values, one’s being. And, most importantly, falling in love leads with the heart, so that one comes to love what his lover loves. He begins to see the world through her eyes, and so he sees it anew.
The Pharisees could no more understand this than they could imagine a man landing on the moon. They see Jesus, who is clearly in love with God in this way, and he mystifies them. “What’s wrong with him?” they ask themselves, and when they can’t put their finger on it, they make the only petty accusations they can muster: He laughs too much; he doesn’t wash his hands.
Blessedly, those in the throes of love are deaf to such slings and arrows. They are awash in one another, and they won’t be distracted by the Pharisees’ slur about washing hands. But make no mistake: Those in love with God are not naïve. Ours is not a flighty, springtime, puppy love. It has been tested through the winters of our lives, those times when we know we are not holy; when we know we are not strong; when we know that, but for the unfailing love of God for us, the floods would undoubtedly drown us.
This is how we worship God, not with pious words that have no connection to our hearts, but all in, leading with the heart, waking up and realizing that we now see the world anew as though through God’s eyes, that we are called to love the things, people, the world, as God loves them.
This includes, of course, seeing ourselves in this way, not having to hide our inner lives behind a false veneer of holiness, but seeing ourselves as God our love sees us, the God whose seal of love is unbreakable; whose passion for us is as fierce as the grave; who looks upon us, within us—even us—and says, “Arise, my love, my fair one. The winter has passed. The time of singing has come.”
[ii] Song of Solomon 8:6-7.House January 6 committee unanimously votes to hold Steve Bannon in criminal contemptget the free app
The House select committee investigating the January 6 attack on the U.S. Capitol voted unanimously Tuesday night to hold former President Trump's adviser Steve Bannon in criminal contempt for defying a subpoena to appear and produce records.
"We believe Mr. Bannon has information relevant to our probe, and we'll use the tools at our disposal to get that information," Chairman Bennie Thompson said ahead of the vote. "I expect that the House will quickly adopt this referral to the Justice Department and that the U.S. Attorney will do his duty and prosecute Mr. Bannon for criminal contempt of Congress."
Bannon was ordered to appear before the committee last week, but his attorney said he was following the direction of the former president's legal team to not provide documents or testify. The committee recommended Monday night that he be held in criminal contempt. All Democrats on the committee and the two Republicans on the committee, Representatives Liz Cheney and Adam Kinzinger, voted in favor of holding Bannon in criminal contempt.
Thompson added that "there isn't a different set of rules for Mr. Bannon. He knows this. He knows there are consequences for outright defiance. And he's chosen the path toward criminal contempt by taking this position."
Cheney also spoke before the vote, arguing that the executive privilege arguments raised by former President Trump and Bannon "appear to reveal one thing...they suggest that President Trump was personally involved in the planning and execution of January 6. And we will get to the bottom of that."
She also at one point directly addressed her Republican colleagues.
"Almost all of you know in your hearts that what happened on January 6 was profoundly wrong," Cheney said. "You know that there is no evidence of widespread election fraud sufficient to overturn the election; you know that the Dominion voting machines were not corrupted by a foreign power. You know those claims are false."
She continued, "Yet President Trump repeats them almost daily. He has now urged Republicans not to vote in the 2022 and 2024 elections. This is a prescription for national self-destruction."
The measure now goes to the Democrat-controlled House. Democratic Majority Leader Steny Hoyer announced that the full House would take it up for a vote on Thursday. If a majority of the House finds him criminal contempt, then the House will refer the case to the Justice Department for prosecution.
In a letter obtained by CBS News, Bannon's attorney said last week that he," his lawyer said.
President Biden last week rejected Mr. Trump's assertion of executive privilege for the documents requested by the committee, and the White House said it would give the panel access to federal records connected to the Trump White House and the January 6 insurrection.
On Monday, Mr. Trump's attorneys filed a lawsuit in federal court against the committee, committee chair Bennie Thompson, the National Archives and David Ferriero, the director of the National Archives, in an effort to block the release of documents related to his actions on January 6.
Mr. Trump spoke at Stop the Steal rally on January 6 ahead of Congress' convening to count the electoral votes, a largely ceremonial final step affirming Mr. Biden's victory. Mr. Trump encouraged his supporters to "walk over" to the Capitol to protest the results of the election.
Chaos erupted at the Capitol a few hours later as thousands of Mr. Trump's supporters descended on the Capitol, breaking windows and ransacking the building. Lawmakers, including former Vice President Mike Pence, fled the floor amid the riot, which led to the deaths of five people and the arrests of hundreds more. Mr. Trump was impeached by the House one week later for inciting the riot but was later acquitted by the Senate.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi created the House select committee earlier this year to "establish the truth" of what happened that day. Despite the initial attempts to make it a bipartisan committee, Kinzinger and Cheney, two of the 10 Republicans who voted to impeach Mr. Trump, are the only two Republicans on the nine-person committee.
In addition to Bannon, the committee has subpoenaed the organizers of the Stop the Steal rally, as well as former Justice Department official Jeffrey Clark, former White House chief of staff Mark Meadows, communications director Dan Scavino and Pentagon chief of staff Kashyap Patel.
Zak Hudak contributed reporting.Let’s break the mental health taboo in 2016
06 January 2016
It’s time to take a stand against pill-popping as the main treatment for mental health issues
The UK NHS crisis, the (IR)Responsibility Deal and an election
18 February 2015
Why UK healthcare needs to change direction – citizens must become the drivers and voices for reform
Inspiring the world – Paralympics London 2012
12 September 2012
‘Superhuman’ athletes made of belief, not barriers
ANH-Intl News Alerts: Week 37, 2015
09 September 2015
Electromagnetic hypersensitivity, Monsanto’s Roundup, air fresheners, diet during pregnancy, and food supplements for prisoners
European Court exposes vaccine manufacturers to increased liability
28 June 2017
General medical research and agreement no longer necessary for vaccine injury claims in the EU
Focus on mental health
30 May 2019
It’s time to rethink society’s approach to mental health issues and their link to chronic diseases
UK food more costly to health than smoking (1)
10 October 2007
A new study published in the Journal of Epidemiology & Community Health shows that food-related ill health costs the UK's National Health Service £6 billion a year and contributes to 10% of the mortality and illness, around four times the £1.5 billion associated with smoking.
The NHS is broke and will Brexit provide the best opportunity for fixing it?
04 January 2017
Will pouring more money into the NHS really fix it? We look at other solutions, including full-scale shift in how society in Britain could better manage its health
ANH Press Release: Urgent call for HPV vaccine inquiry
09 October 2009
ANH calls for urgent independent scientific inquiry on safety of HPV vaccine
UK skeptics attack charities advocating CAM
21 March 2017
Find out about the latest skeptic attack on complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) in the UK ‑ and what you can do about itAccording to De Hond, he received the notification from LinkedIn that he had violated the terms of use of the platform.
De Hond noticed last week that posts on LinkedIn were being removed. The pollster places links on LinkedIn and other social media to articles on his website in which he is critical of the government’s corona policy. De Hond advocates more attention for ventilation to prevent the spread of the virus via aerosols, small droplets.
‘We have clear rules’
LinkedIn says in a response that it only communicates with a user about actions against an account. “We have clear terms and conditions and community rules and we expect all our members to abide by them,” Microsoft’s subsidiary says.According to the company, normal service should now be resumed around the world.
“Earlier today, WhatsApp users in all parts of the world were unable to access WhatsApp for a few hours,” the company said in a statement. “We have now fixed the issue and apologize for the inconvenience.”
The outage did not appear to affect every user — for what it is worth, we were able to send and receive messages just fine. However, problems were cropping up worldwide, if people’s reactions on Twitter were any indication.
The website Down Detector reported a spike of complaints about 4 p.m. (ET), which seemed to have trailed off shortly afterward. Most of the reports appear to have originated from Europe, indicating the region was particularly hit hard. For those affected, the problem was manifesting itself as a persistent “connecting” message appearing at the top of conversation windows. Some encountered similar setbacks using the web service as well.
Checking the system status during the outage produced the following message:
“Our service is experiencing a problem right now. We are working on it and hope to restore the functionality shortly. Sorry for the inconvenience.”
WhatsApp has a good track record of consistency and reliability, which makes Wednesday’s issues all the more strange. While it might not be a significant hindrance to American users, the app is particularly popular elsewhere in the world — especially in Brazil, India, Mexico, and Russia. WhatsApp seems to be better at transcending geographic borders than Facebook Messenger — though the success of either app is a win for the parent company.
On Tuesday, WhatsApp debuted a feature in its beta version that allows users to pin certain conversations to the top of their inbox.
Article originally published on 05-03-2017 by Adam Ismail. Updated on 05-03-2017: Added WhatsApp’s statement and announcement of normal service resuming.
Editors' Recommendations
- Spam texts, calls, and emails are out of control. Here’s how to fix it
- Chromebooks vs. laptops: What’s the difference?
- The best VPN services for 2021
- Common iPhone 11 problems and how to fix them
- What is Apple Music?City & Guilds Diploma in Automotive Engineering Level 3
Key Information
Subject Area
Engineering and Automotive
Level
3
Full Time
Location
City of Newport Campus
Start Date
05 September 2022
Duration
1 year
Entry Requirements
Level 2 Vehicle Repair.
In a nutshell
This is an in-depth Level 3 VRQ Vehicle Maintenance and Repair course.
This course is for you if...
...You wish to further your capabilities and knowledge
... You have a keen interest in automotive engineering
... You already work in the motor vehicle industry
What will I be doing?
This course is a technical certificate to enhance your Level 2 knowledge or for those already working within the motor vehicle industry who want to further their knowledge in both diagnostics and repair of vehicle systems, covering engine, chassis and engine management.
You’ll be assessed via internal practical and online assessments. Upon completion, you’ll gain:
- Level 3 Automotive Engineering
- Appropriate supporting qualification/s where applicable to tailor the programme content to meet specific needs of the community, learner or industry.
- Skills Activities
- Maths and English
What is expected of me?
To enter this course, you’ll need the Level 2 in Vehicle Repair.
Full commitment to attendance is required and you’ll need to be able to work independently and as part of a team. You should also have a strong desire to work in the motor vehicle industry, abide by the college ethos and be willing to participate in improving your level of academic subjects.
What comes next?
Higher Education or an apprenticeship.
Additional information
You’ll need to purchase appropriate Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) at an approximate cost of £40.00 and will also need to supply your own stationery.
*See website for full details on the Welsh Baccalaureate
Have any questions or are not sure if this is the right course for you?
Contact our Student Recruitment team
All courses may be subject to change and cancelled if deemed not viable to run.Print course informationAeries Ideas
Data Confirmation Income Survey - Add Record to FRE Table If Declined
When a parent marks declines to participate on the income survey still add a FRE table record of Not Eligible or Paid along with coding the "Declined Partic" field so we can easily query these families to know they just didn't do the Income Survey confirmation.46 votes
Student Groups Dynamic Groups Inactive and Pre-enrolled
Allow the use of inactive students in dynamic student group queries. We would like to use the STU table to dynamically query pre-enrolled students for groups for messaging purposes. Currently student groups only contain active students21 votes
Search by legal name
Ability to search for a student by their legal name if that user has permission to view LSI data5
- 289 votes
Need.14 votes0 comments · CALPADS · Admin →
Parent Square Attendance notification does not display flex periods individually
In Flex schools, allow the flex periods to display individually for Attendance notifications to Parent Square. Currently, the message appears as "one or more classes".5 votes
CALPADS Extract Pull From LSI.GN
Can we please have the extract pull from the LSI.GN field if the student has data populated in that field? It makes sense to extract from that field, particularly since if the LIS.LLN and LSI.LFN is populated that data gets extracted. We have a student (and surely more to come) that identify as a different gender. Populating the STU.GN with the students preferred gender is causing CALPADS fatal errors.3 votes0 comments · CALPADS · Admin →
Modify PFT Import for 2021/2022
Modify PFT Import for 2021/20223
Update layout/fields of the Absence Verification Worksheet reference and/or to add to Aeries notes.…9 votes0 comments · Reports · Admin →
CALPADS-Adjust SENR to suppress duplicated records in the same file
CALPADS-Adjust SENR to suppress duplicated records in the same file3 votes
Add Period filters on Attendance Submission Log and Missing Attendance report in Flex Schools
Add Period filters on Attendance Submission Log and Missing Attendance report in Flex Schools.6 votes
Import Data - Allow STJ and STA tables
Please allow us to update the STJ and STA tables through "import data to Aeries" instead of just SQL. STA is needed for CBEDS and STJ is needed for Fall 2.4 votes
Automate SSA Date
Consider adding a district option to remove SSA dates after three years. Allow districts to decide if that want the date updated automatically. Currently, it needs to be managed manually.25 votes
Add Section and Staff ID to the Course History Transcripts page for Mass Add Records
We always use the "Mass Add Records" on the transcript screen, but now find we need the "Section" and "Staff ID" fields that are only available when you use "Add 1 Record" choice. Currently we have to go back into each line on the transcript to add the information to these fields. It is very time consuming.7 votes
- Don't see your idea?The Sommelier's Atlas of Taste
A Field Guide to the Great Wines of Europe
Rajat Parr, Jordan Mackay
$22.50
- Description
- Author
- Info
- Reviews
Description
Winner of the prestigious André Simon Drink Book Award. There are books that describe the geography of wine regions. And there are books that describe the way basic wines and grapes should taste. But there are no books that describe the intricacies of the way wines from various subregions, soils, and appellations should taste. Now, for the first time ever, you can learn about the differences between wines from the 7 grand crus and 40 premier crus of Chablis, or the terroirs in Barolo, Champagne, and Bordeaux. Paying attention to styles, winemakers, soils, and the most cutting-edge of trends, this book explains how to understand the wines of the world not in the classical way, but in the modern way--appellation by appellation, soil by soil, technique by technique--making it an essential reference and instant classic.Tackle projects with the powerful PWRCore 20 Brushless 20-Volt Angle Grinder. The digital brushless motor provides extended tool life and the power needed to grind and cut through a variety of materials. The dual function lock-switch prevents accidental start-ups and locks on for prolonged use. Plus you can easily move the guard with a tool-less guard adjustment. Includes 5.0Ah PWRCore 20 Lithium-ion Battery with PWRAssist USB Adapter and PWRJump Charger.
- Powerful performance – the digital brushless motor provides efficient, high-performance power for cutting through strong materials like steel, ceramic, and more
- Longer run time and battery life – industry leading PWRCore 20 lithium-ion battery technology wraps each cell with cooling material to keep the battery powering on for 25% longer run time and 2x battery life
- Charges in 5 minutes—automatic PWRJump charges the battery in just 5 minutes, enough power to drive up to 100 screws (based on 2.0Ah battery)
- Safety first – cordless grinder utilizes a dual function lock-switch to prevent accidental start up and a soft start for controlled start-up
- Quickly adjust the guard – move through projects faster with tool-less guard adjustment
- Onboard wrench storage – conveniently located in side handle for easy access
- Removable dust screens —prevents dust from getting in the tool, and removes for easy cleaning
- Charge other devices ––attach the PWRASSIST USB adapter (included) to your battery for power on the go
Specifications
- Maximum Speed (rpm): 8500
- Electronic Speed Control: No
- Number of Batteries Included: 1
- Cordless Tool Type: Angle Grinder
- Charger Included: Charger Included
- Arbor Size: 5/8
- Cordless/ Corded: Cordless
- Battery Size: 20-volt
- Number of Total Batteries Included: 1
- Battery Power Type: Lithium Ion
- Tools Product Type: Power Tool
- Amperage (amps): 5.0 A
- Variable Speed: No
- Color Family: Red
- Condition: New
- Power Tool Features: Brushless,Grinding Wheel Included,Lock On Switch
- Grinder Switch Type: Sliding Switch
- Voltage (volts): 20
- Batteries Included: Yes
- Product Weight (lb.): 4.140 lb
- Motor Type: Brushless
- Battery/Charger: 1 Battery & Charger Included
- Wheel Diameter (in.): 4.5 in
- Product Height (in.): 4.000 in
- Product Depth (in.): 12.250..
Associate.
# # #.To Your Eternity – Episode 13
Annnnd we’re back! Even after a week break, the wound of losing Gugu is still fresh in my mind and for Fushi, it’s still a very recent event. He’s only been travelling on his own for 4 days trying to come to terms with the loss and his grief. Too bad he doesn’t have anyone to teach him what those feelings are… hopefully he’s able to come to terms with the concept of death and loss as the story continues to grow.
Thankfully, he’s not alone for long (much to his disappointment) as Pioran once again helps him move to his next destination. Can you believe that when we first met her she was a prisoner sending March to her death? And here we are years later and she’s managed to become a prisoner once again. Pioran, you’ve got the worst luck, but at least you’re living on the edge and in freedom! But in all honesty, of the people to join Fushi on his new journey I’m glad that it’s her. She’s the one that has known him the longest but is also the most stubborn person. If it weren’t for her, I’m sure Fushi would have just wandered and wallowed for so much longer than he did.
That being said, I do appreciate Fushi fighting back against his creator. The stubbornness is a bit frustrating, but all Fushi wanted was to live a happy live with everyone. Gugu was going to protect him from the Nokkers, but look where we are now… Granted, it is important to know who created him and what his purpose is, though the man in black certainly isn’t the most open with his information – he’s cryptic at best. But at least now Fushi can fully communicate with him! Ah, rebellion. I’m interested to see if the hooded man is going to play more of a role in this arc, or if he was just someone to serve as a means to transition. Fushi is listening to him a little bit more, but only to be able to protect the ones he cares about, even if he’s already forgotten them.
Hands down my favorite part of the episode was when Pioran asked Fushi to climb up for one of the pears. Fushi offered to create his own, but she simply asked for him to become March to easily scale the tree. I loved the interaction of having him remember who March was, even though in his memory she is just a faint white background. He has the memories of doing things and experiencing things with her, but the memory OF her is gone. It made a very nice transition into the line about people disappearing once they completely forgotten. I hope this does create a fire in Fushi to reconnect with March, she’s a very valuable and important character to his history. Also, she needs revenge for how the Nokkers absolutely demolished her. That was brutal!
However, it seems like the March rescue mission will have to be put on hold. Pioran and Fushi seem to have found themselves in a rather unfortunate situation and regardless of what their captor says, there’s no way this was an accident! How on earth do these two look like prisoners? You did this to cause problems!! But it brings us right up to our next arc and I certainly didn’t expect for a tournament to take place. This should hopefully be a cinch for Fushi as an undying human… but what if they make him fight Pioran? Hoo… that would be brutal. I know I’m going to regret saying this, but I don’t know if I’m going to get attached to anyone in this arc! So, if this arc ends the same way as it did for March and Gugu, perhaps it won’t hurt as bad? Ah ha ha…. If I’m honest, I’m probably going to end up sobbing again, but they have a lot of work to do to make me trust them!
I’m looking forward to watching these new developments play out! It’s not an ideal situation for anyone to be in, but it’s what we got. They need to make it off the island to retrieve the memory of March, or perhaps the Nokkers will come to them… which still isn’t the most idea situation. I just hope that I don’t have to see another character that I care about show up as a drawing on the wall during the mid-episode card. So good luck Fushi! I believe in you! Try to keep everyone alive, please!
Recent CommentsHeroes Never Rust #61 by Sean Ironman
The Golden Age That Never Was
Last week, I finished reading Erik Larson’s In the Garden of Beasts: Love, Terror, and an American Family in Hitler’s Berlin, which is about the U.S. ambassador to Germany and his family in the 1930s. Throughout the book, Hitler and his men beat, imprison, and kill, while Americans refuse to stand up to the madman. Germany owed the United States a lot of money following World War I so the American government couldn’t make Hitler angry. At one point, President Roosevelt and other government officials attempt to put a stop to mock trials Jewish organizations were going to hold for Hitler in New York and Chicago. They succeeded in stopping the one in Chicago. Moments like that were the most interesting parts of the book.
I’ve heard it said before (and I’ve been one to say it) that World War II is the closest to a comic book war. On one side is Hitler and his cronies, beings of pure evil, and on the other side the Allied forces, good men and women from across the world fighting for freedom. But that’s not entirely true. Hitler was appointed chancellor in 1933 and he gained full power when President Hindenburg died in August 1934. But the United States didn’t get involved until after Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941. And, even then, the U.S. didn’t declare war on Germany, only Japan. Hitler had to declare was on the United States a few days later for Americans to fight in Europe. It’s a nice thought to think of America, my home country, as the defender of freedom, defender of the weak. But, at the end of the day, that’s bullshit.
It was the same in World War I. The United States fought Germany then because German submarines kept sinking cruise liners (the latest being the Lusitania) with American passengers. Although, what’s been forgotten is that the United States was selling ammunitions to the British and the RMS Lusitania was carrying small-arms ammunitions at the time it was attacked. The United States is still the same today. We have problems at home and we should concentrate on Americans. That’s what people say. I don’t know. I don’t agree with that, but that’s a topic for a different type of blog.
I don’t know what it is that makes us look back so fondly and make the past better than it was. Maybe it’s a simple case of history is written by the winners. Maybe it’s us today trying to rationalize when we mess up or fail to act. “Well, it’s not as simple as it used to be.” “We don’t know who the enemy is anymore.” “Things are more complicated today, due to…computers, or the economy, or…kids and their short attention spans.” Whatever. Let’s just accept that we’re bad people. That someone is bad, not because he or she does bad things, but because he or she doesn’t do good things.
We need someone like Captain America to remind us of that. Our man out of time. In Captain America: Dead Men Running #3, Sergeant Solo, in the ruins of an attack from the cocaine mafia, yells at the super soldier. “Take a look around, Captain! We don’t live in a black-and-white movie anymore! It might’ve been easy to do the right thing back in your times, but this is a different world! A hard one!”
Captain America can put him straight. He lived through the war. He tells the sergeant about arresting an American soldier for raping old women and about an officer who shot prisoners in the stomach to watch them die slow. It’s a choice. It doesn’t matter the time period. People can choice to be good or to be assholes.
Sergeant Solo makes the right choice in the end. Not for him or for the other soldiers. Captain America takes the kids and the remaining nuns and hits the road. The soldiers who started this mess stay behind. They’ll fight the mafia. They’ll die. But the kids and nuns will be safe.
In the second issue, Sore went on about how his grandfather beat him for not being Captain America. Here, at the end of the road, he wears Captain America’s mask as he fights the mafia. He does some damage. But, it’s not enough. The mafia cut him to pieces. And that’s the end. The other soldiers are as good as dead. But we don’t see it. Like the sergeant has been saying since the first line of the first issue, they are dead. The sergeant earlier thinks he can do bad things because it won’t matter once he’s dead. And he knows Captain America’s response. “It’s no excuse.” The soldiers finally stand up for something beyond themselves. That’s what Captain America can do. He doesn’t fight anyone this issue. There’s no need. He can get people to fight for themselves.
_______.Project description
The training center in Holzgau is school, kindergarten, day care and gymnasium at the same time. The luminaires provide a friendly-bright and relaxed atmosphere throughout the complex. The central foyer, as well as generously planned rooms and glass fronts create different spatial experiences for all ages. Wood fits as a design material perfectly to the natural environment.WASHINGTON, D.C. — Parents from across the country joined Independent Women’s Network, a nationwide members-only community of women, on Tuesday, Nov. 16 at the “Government Is Not A Co-Parent” Rally to express their frustration with government overreach and government-run schools indoctrinating kids with woke curricula like Critical Race Theory, graphic sexual content, and progressive ideology. The message of the rally, attended by parents across the political spectrum, was simple: let parents make the decisions that they think are best for their kids.
Speakers at the rally included Carrie Lukas, vice president of Independent Women’s Voice; Julie Gunlock, director of Independent Women’s Network; Representatives Virginia Foxx (NC), Diana Harshbarger (TN), Claudia Tenney (NY), Chip Roy, Vicky Hartzler (MO), Jim Banks (IN), and Carol Miller (WV); Nicki Neily, president of Parents Defending Education; Ian Prior, executive director of Fight for Our Schools; Larry O’Connor, host of WMAL’s O’Connor & Company; Stacy Langton, Fairfax County mother; Dr. Katarina Lindley, physician, school board trustee, and Texas mother; Maud Maron, attorney and education advocate; Harry Jackson, Fairfax Thomas Jefferson father; Tiffany Justice, co-founder of Moms for Liberty; Xi Van Fleet, Loudoun County mother; Annetta Catchings, candidate for mayor of Alexandria; Nicole Solas, Rhode Island mother; and Ginny Gentles, senior fellow at Independent Women’s Forum. Senator Marsha Blackburn (TX) submitted a statement to be read on her behalf.
Independent Women’s Voice Vice President Carrie Lukas kicked off the rally. “What’s really most important today is I am a mom of five school-aged kids who are attending public school here in Fairfax County, Virginia, right across the way,” she said. “And clearly, my most important job is to raise my kids to be kind, confident, productive, and patriotic Americans. Those are my values, and my job. It’s not my school board’s job, and it’s certainly not the federal government’s job.”
Julie Gunlock, director of Independent Women’s Network, added “Not all parents have the ability to [pull their kids out of public school], which is why I’m fighting for better public schools. But it’s more than just schools, I’m fighting for a fairer and freer country.”
Congressman Chip Roy (TX) also spoke about the importance of giving parents more control over their children’s education. “This pandemic has obviously harmed a lot of people in many respects,” he said. “The government’s response may have harmed more people than the actual pandemic. But importantly, one thing that we’ve gotten out of this is the veil has been lifted on a corrupt education system teaching our children that America is evil. And that couldn’t be more important for the future of this country and the health of our republic and the health of our democracy.”
Loudoun County mother Xi Van Fleet added, “I am an immigrant from China. I spent my entire school years in the Chinese Cultural Revolution. I can tell you what it was like when the government became the parent of school children because I was one of them… Here’s my warning to American parents: the radical Left wants to be more than just co-parents to our children, they want to be THE parents of our children… No, we are not going to give up our parents to the government.”
Nicole Solas, a stay-at-home mom from Rhode Island, said, “There’s only one way to fight back against that, and that’s with school choice legislation. School choice legislation is the answer to public school tyranny. Push for it in your states. School choice funds students, not systems.”
Ian Prior, Executive Director of Fight for Schools, also spoke at the rally. “ One of the lessons that we learned from [the pandemic]… is that it’s not about Republican versus Democrat or Independent. It’s about us. It’s about us engaging in our representative democracy.” He added, “And what we need to make sure of with our education system is that we are building future leaders. We are making intelligent human beings that are skillful, compassionate, that treat everyone the way they want to be treated and that are mentally tough.”
The rally ended with the following statement from Sen. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN)
“When we look back at the Biden presidency, I have a feeling we’ll see a theme: every single thing this administration has tried to do depended on the government forcing itself where it does not belong – between business owners and their customers, between patients and their doctors, parents and their kids. What’s worse is all of these scenarios have something else in common, in every case bureaucratic activists in charge use the full force of government to try to intimidate the people into silence….there’s something we understand that these entrenched bureaucrats never will: the government is not a co-parent.”
To watch the full rally, click HERE.
###
Independent Women’s Network, a project of Independent Women’s Voice, in partnership with Independent Women’s Forum, is a private community for women to come together to inspire, interact, influence, and have impact.
Independent Women’s Voice fights for women by expanding support for policy solutions that aren’t just well intended, but actually enhance freedom, opportunities, and well-being.This is the 4 element N6CA portable six meter yagi at about 30 feet height and on it's own rotator. JE6JYT's IC575 and a 400 watt amplifier were very effective in generating the 430+ QSOs from this rare grid. The vertical 223.5 and horizontal 222.1 yagis are on the mast at left. Nylon guy ropes did very well in the wind.
back to 6D2VHF homepageAlerts
driven thinking
Plan Ahead for Holiday Travel: 2021 Checklist for Foreign Nationals and Employers
Overview
International travelers should expect busy consulates and U.S. Ports of Entry with the lifting of travel bans coinciding with the holiday season. Additionally, some consulates are not fully operational and many are experiencing limited appointment availability and delays in visa processing. Consular appointments are subject to cancellation with little notice. We encourage all travelers to plan ahead to minimize delays when traveling abroad and entering the U.S. Our holiday travel checklist is designed to help foreign national employees and employers schedule appointments and gather required documentation in advance.
NEW REQUIRMENTS FOR INTERNATIONAL TRAVELERS
New requirements for international travelers to the U.S. took effect November 8, 2021. Foreign nationals traveling to the U.S. are required to provide proof of full vaccination against COVID-19 and proof of a negative COVID-19 test taken within 3 days of boarding a flight to the U.S. The accepted types of vaccines include FDA approved or authorized vaccines and WHO Emergency Use Listing vaccines. More information regarding vaccines is available from the Centers for Disease Control (CDC).
U.S. ENTRY: STATUS AND DOCUMENTATION CHECKLIST
- Confirm the validity of passports for all travelers. Valid passports are required for all international travelers and accompanying family members, including U.S. and Canadian citizens. Renew passports in advance to ensure at least six months’ validity at the time of any visa application or entry to the U.S. Many countries allow renewal of passports by mail through their consulates or embassies in the U.S.
- Carry all documents required for admission to the U.S. Upon entry to the U.S., some entrants may need to show additional evidence of work authorization or government approval in addition to a passport and valid visa stamp. Documents vary by visa classification but may include an original I-797, Approval Notice; endorsed Form I-129S; Advance Parole Document; Employment Authorization Document (EAD); Form DS-2019 with travel authorization; and/or endorsed Form I-20.
- Verify the U.S. admission classification/expiration date. Upon entry to the U.S., foreign nationals should expect a U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) officer to create an electronic I-94 record and issue a passport stamp, annotated with the class and duration of admission. Before leaving the CBP inspection area, verify that the admission classification and expiration date entered in the passport are correct, and immediately alert the CBP officer to any errors.
- Review your I-94 record. After each entry to the U.S., foreign nationals should access and review the electronic I-94 record available on the CBP website. Expiration dates for the I-94, underlying petition, or work permit may be different from the expiration date on the visa stamp. Send Immigration Counsel a copy of your I-94.
CHECKLIST FOR FOREIGN NATIONAL EMPLOYEES (AND EMPLOYERS) WHO DO NOT HAVE A VALID VISA IN THEIR CURRENT PASSPORT
- Consult with Immigration Counsel in advance. Immigration counsel can help to prepare for enhanced vetting and for the consular interview before you apply for a visa. Schedule consultations 60-90 days in advance whenever possible. Keep in mind that appointment wait times at U.S. consulates can range from a few days to a few months.
- Check the Consulate’s website prior to travel. If you require visa issuance at a consulate abroad, review information on specific procedures regarding booking visa appointments and documentation required for visa interviews. Consular procedures vary widely and are subject to change with little notice.
- Complete Form DS-160. This form is required for all visa applicants including dependent spouses and children of principal visa holders. Retain a copy of the final form at the time of submission. Many consulates require that the visa application be completed prior to scheduling a visa appointment.
- Review your visa application/petition. Review the petition prepared by Immigration Counsel on your behalf prior to traveling, to ensure the accuracy of the information reported and consistency with visa applications.
- Review your online profiles. This includes information in online employee profiles and company pages as well as social media profiles. Government officials at USCIS, consulates, and U.S. Ports of Entry review online profiles of visitors and foreign workers applying for benefits or seeking entry to the U.S.
- Update company information. Employers should update company pages and sites such as Dunn & Bradstreet that may be referenced by immigration officers to verify employment or business information.
- Gather employment verification. If you are applying for a temporary work visa, most consulates require current employment verification letters from employers. Request these letters in advance of travel to allow adequate time for Human Resources to prepare them. Maintain copies of recent paystubs as evidence of current employment.
- Disclose any arrests/detainment to Immigration Counsel. Consult with Immigration Counsel if you have been arrested or detained by law enforcement, even if not charged/convicted. Consult with counsel before departing the U.S. or applying for a visa or any other immigration benefit. Citations, arrests or detentions may require disclosure on applications and may impact immigration status and/or eligibility for immigration benefits.
- Check consulate wait times. Review the consulate website for visa appointments and processing times and alert Immigration Counsel immediately if visa issuance is delayed due to security or background clearance issues.
- Confirm consulate holiday hours. Consulates abroad observe both U.S. and local country holidays and some offices may be short-staffed due to vacations.
TRAVEL DOCUMENTS IF YOU DON’T NEED A VISA FROM THE CONSULATE
- Visa Waiver Program travelers must have a valid ESTA approval. The Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) is a mandatory, online pre-screening system for Visa Waiver Program (VWP) travelers. ESTA is only available for travelers who are citizens of recognized VWP countries who wish to enter the U.S. for B-1 business/B-2 tourism purposes. VWP travelers must obtain a valid ESTA approval prior to travel, which may be valid for up to two years. Note that a new ESTA approval is needed when a VWP traveler obtains a new passport and/or changes his/her name or country of citizenship, and when answers to any of the VWP eligibility questions (e.g., regarding an arrest or visa denial) change.
- Adjustment of Status applicants and Advance Parole travel documents. With the exception of some H and L visa holders, individuals with pending I-485, Adjustment of Status applications must have a valid original Advance Parole travel document issued prior to departing the U.S. Departing the U.S. without Advance Parole may result in denial of the I-485 application.
HELPFUL LINKS
- To find the nearest foreign consulate in the U.S. visit Foreign Embassies and Consulates in the U.S.
- Check U.S. consulate wait times at U.S. Consulate Visa Wait Times
- Find links to U.S. consular posts around the world at U.S. Consular Posts
- For information on the Visa Waiver Program and current VWP countries visit Visa Waiver Program
- Obtain and review your electronic I-94 record at CBP I-94s
- Complete the DS-160 Online Nonimmigrant Visa Application at DS-160
For specific travel-related questions, please contact your Gibney representative or email info@gibney.com.FingerprintDive into the research topics of 'Symbolic and statistical learning approaches to speech summarization: a scoping review'. Together they form a unique fingerprint.
- Sort by
- Weight
- Alphabetically
Dana Rezazadegan, Shlomo Berkovsky, Juan C. Quiroz, A. Baki Kocaballi, Ying Wang, Liliana Laranjo, Enrico Coiera
Research output: Contribution to journal › Review article › peer-reviewKim Kardashian shares topless image of herself on social media
Los Angeles, Apr 23 (IBNS): Socialite Kim Kardashian on Sunday posted a topless image of herself on social media.
Sitting on her bed, Kim looked gorgeous in her bold avatar.
"HAPPY SUNDAY ðŸ“· KANYE," Kim captioned the image.
Kim often shares bold images of herself on social media.
The image has already attracted 2,521,241 likes.The official Twitter account of Tesla, Elon Musk‘s electric-car company, assured its followers that there is enough toilet paper at its Fremont, California headquarters, despite rumors to the contrary.
“Actually we still have plenty of toilet paper, but thank you for checking,” Tesla tweeted. “We completely understand the feeling when you get stuck without a square though.”
Actually we still have plenty of toilet paper, but thank you for checking.
We completely understand the feeling when you get stuck without a square though.
— Tesla (@Tesla) May 24, 2019
Elon Musk also rubbished the rumors. “This is complete nonsense,” he tweeted.
This is complete nonsense
— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 25, 2019
We may even have a square to spare’
Tesla added that it even has extra toilet paper for anyone who needs it.
“We may even have a square to spare. Let us know if you would like to borrow one.” 🚽
We may even have a square to spare. Let us know if you would like to borrow one 🚽
— Tesla (@Tesla) May 24, 2019
Tesla’s finances are in a ‘code-red’ situation
The company was reacting to a report in Electrek claiming that several of its facilities are cutting way back on office supplies – even toilet paper — as part of an extreme cost-cutting measure.
One source even claimed that some employees have resorted to bringing their own stash of toilet paper from home in order to cut down on costs.
As HVY reported, Tesla is in an emergency “code red” situation because it only has $2.2 billion cash on hand, which is just enough to last another 10 months.
Tesla snapped a six-day losing streak, fueled by concerns over profitability and demand for the company's vehicles. Here's what five analysts have to say about Tesla's long-term success and how to trade the stock. pic.twitter.com/9HQL6uFjdt
— CNBC (@CNBC) May 24, 2019
GoFundMe account to raise money for toilet paper
To address this, Elon Musk instituted an immediate cost-cutting plan to slash expenses across the board. Naturally, this has caused a flurry of comical rumors, including the latest one claiming there’s a toilet-paper shortage at Tesla.
Things got so extreme that someone even launched a GoFundMe page to raise money to buy toilet paper for Tesla. The petition, which has already collected $310, reads:
“In order to cut costs, Elon has been cutting back on everything at Tesla… Even the toilet paper! Let’s band together and help these dedicated employees out of a sh*tty situation by getting them the soft, ultra plush, two-ply they deserve.”
“We all know it has been tough at Fremont lately (the raw sewage going through workspaces last year..) but the workers don’t deserve to be on the short end of the stick – show them some love!”
Elon’s Boring Company wins $48 million Las Vegas contract
While TSLA stock is getting battered this week amid a barrage of bad news, Elon Musk scored a major victory for his other fledgling venture, the Boring Company.
Earlier this week, the Boring Company won a $48.6 million contract to build a high-speed underground transit system for the Las Vegas Convention Center. It is Boring’s first commercial contract.
The Loop is expected to slash the transit time for moving around the Las Vegas Convention Center from 15 minutes to 60 seconds.
The project deadline is January 2021, which is when the annual Consumer Electronics Show takes place in Las Vegas. However, Musk says he hopes to finish the project by the end of 2019.
Wanna race? pic.twitter.com/zDNpdsdHaM
— The Boring Company (@boringcompany) May 24, 2019
Related: David Einhorn, Who’s Shorting Tesla, Rips Elon for Spouting ‘Horsesh*t’ Dredges Dry Washers , has been providing the ....Know More
Maxim Equipment/California Rock Crusher Granite Construction California Rock Crusher CalCrush is a turn-key portable service provider for aggregate mining, concrete, asphalt, block and recycling , IROCK Crushers featured all electric RDS-20 Horizontal Shaft Impact HSI Crusher at CONEXPO-CON/AGG 2020...Know More
Powerscreen took centre stage in the Silver Lot where they displayed their latest innovations including the new Chieftain 1700X Hybrid Screen, Premiertrak 600XL Jaw Crusher and a CT75R Radial Conveyor Thanks to our customers and dealers who travelled from all corners of the globe to support the Powerscreen ,...Know More ,...Know More
Feb 22, 2020 0183 32 It was located on a Pacific Electric railroad spur that also serviced the world famous Teague Nursery that sent citrus tree stock to the four corners The rock crusher is known to have supplied ballast rock for large projects like roads or railroad beds..Atletico Madrid host Real Betis in league action on Sunday at the Wanda Metropolitano from 8:45 PM IST onwards. The defending La Liga champions are not off to an ideal start as they would have imagined as Diego Simeone’s side are sitting 6th in the league points table, whereas Real Betis are fourth and could be on top of the table if they are able to walk away with three points. While Betis enter the clash with a resounding 4-1 win over Valencia, Atletico were held late by Levante, walking away with just a point. While Simeone’s side will be eager to return to winning ways, Betis are continuing to impress under Manuel Pellegrini. A thrilling clash fixed for Sunday and fans here can check all the details as to When, Where and How to watch the Atletico Madrid vs Real Betis match live streaming online and telecast details.
La Liga Atletico Madrid vs Real Betis: Team News, Injury Update
Atletico will enter the clash without Thomas Lemar, Marcos Llorente and Geoffrey Kondogbia as the players are out due to their respective injuries. Rodrigo De Paul is expected to be in the XI along side Koke and Carassco in the midfield after impressing against Levante. Suarez, Griezmann and Felix are expected to start up as the forward trio for Atletico.
Betis on the other hand were handed a major boost as Hector Bellerin and Miranda fit and will most likely be a part of the XI. Carvalho and Rodriguez will be handling the midfield while Fekir and Iglesias return in attack.
Atletico Madrid vs Real Betis probable XI:
Atletico Madrid Predicted Starting line-up: Jan Oblak (GK), Stefan Savic, Jose Giminez, Mario Hermoso, Kieran Trippier, Koke, Rodrigo De Paul, Yannick Carrasco, Antoine Griezmann, Luis Suarez, Joao Felix
Real Betis Predicted Starting line-up: Claudio Bravo (GK), Hector Bellerin, German Pezzella, Victor Ruiz, Juan Miranda, Guido Rodriguez, William Carvalho, Juanmi, Sergio Canales, Yassin Fekir, Bojra Iglesias
What time is the La Liga Atletico Madrid vs Real Betis kick-off?
The match is scheduled to take place on Sunday at 8:45 AM IST at Wanda Metropolitano.
What TV channel will show the La Liga Atletico Madrid vs Real Betis match?
The La Liga matches will be broadcasted on MTV.
How can I stream the La Liga Atletico Madrid vs Real Betis fixture?
The match between Atletico Madrid and Real Betis will be live streamed on the Voot app.
Read all the Latest News, Breaking News and Coronavirus News here. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Telegram.Connecting Community Preparedness and Business Resilience
for Environmental Sustainability in Thailand
ADPC: Connecting Community Preparedness and Business Resilience
for Environmental Sustainability in Thailand
for Environmental Sustainability in Thailand
Published on: 01/07/2020
Language: English, Thai
Author(s): Asian Disaster Preparedness Center
Department:
Type: Impact Stories and Case Studies
File size: 3.20 MBFile size: 3.22 MB
The “Connecting Community Preparedness and Business Resilience for Environmental Sustainability”
project was implemented in partnership between Swarovski, Marigot Jewellery (Thailand) Co., Ltd. and Asian Disaster Preparedness Center (ADPC) from July 2018 to October 2019.
The initiative is part of Swarovski’s “Positive Production Program” for its owned production plants with the aim to work towards sustainability excellence in its manufacturing and production locations by 2020. The collaboration sits under Stream 3 of the Program through which Swarovski aims to positively impact its employees, their communities and contribute to achieving the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) by addressing business relevant sustainability issues such as equality, wellbeing and environmental challenges.
Download the full case study in English and Thai.College News
CCCC Foundation sponsors musical event
Notice: This article is older than 12 months. Names, contact information, programs, titles, etc. might have changed. If you have any problems please call the main college number, 1-800-682-8353, and we will be happy to direct you accordingly.
04.17.2017 • College & Community • College General • Foundation
click image to enlarge ⊗
The Central Carolina Community College Foundation sponsored a musical event featuring the Lee County Community Orchestra and members of the Lee County High School Show Choir on Friday, March 24,Pampers Beautiful Mornings {& Giveaway}
What are your favorite morning moments between you and your child?
Maybe it’s a giant hug, a happy song, or even baby’s silly bed head. I'm a fan of all of those! Well, it’s those simple expressions of pure joy and love a parent experiences each morning with their little one – after a good, dry night’s sleep – that Pampers aims to celebrate with its Millions of Beautiful Morning Moments program.
Look for the special "30 Days of Prizes" tab on Pampers Facebook page for chances to win daily prizes that will enhance your beautiful mornings with baby – all including Pampers diapers. until December 9th.
WIN IT! I have a Pampers' Bundle (~$170 value) for one Glamamom reader to capture your beautiful moments! Bundle includes:
- Jumbo Pack of Pampers Baby Dry
- Jumbo Pack of Pampers Cruisers
- Tub of Pampers Sensitive Wipes
- Nikon Coolpix 16.0 megapixel digital camera
- "That's What I'd Do" Children's Book – By Jewel
- "The Merry Goes Round" DELUXE CD – By Jewel
TO ENTER: You must follow Glamamom at least one of the following ways: confirmed email subscription, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest or Instagram. Just leave a comment below describing your ideal morning.
One entry per person. US only and you must be 18 years old. I’ll choose a winner in one week via random.org. Good luck! UPDATE: The winner is C. Williams. Congrats and thanks to everyone who shared their ideal morning. I'm super thankful for my mornings with my little guys (and the ones without them too ;) )
{I was not compensated for this post.}The State Fair is debuting its newest creation this month – the candy cane cream puff. The new flavor will be available alongside last year’s cocoa cream puff at the State Fair drive-thru this December.
Here are the pickup hours for the holiday puffs:
- Thursday, Dec. 9-Saturday, Dec. 11: 8 a.m.-6 p.m.
- Sunday, Dec. 12: 9 a.m.-4 p.m.
The puffs will be available in 3- and 6-packs of the same flavor (That means no mixing the cocoa and the candy cane puffs, folks. You’ll have to buy a pack of both, if you want to try each one). Three packs will cost you $14 and six packs $25.
But if you’re looking to get frugal with your puff purchases, the State Fair is offering a discount to anyone who pre-orders by Dec. 5. Three packs will be $12 and six-packs $22. You can pre-order online at originalcreampuffs.com.Blockchain exchange and transfer occur by means of a shared distributed ledger, which records all the details of every transaction that occurred among the network participants without involving any trusted centralized party for blockchain development. Each copy of the ledger occupies in synchronization with all the involved parties, thus reducing the risk of a single point of failure.
Bitcoin works on Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) in the blockchain for authenticating users and controlling all the access. For source authentication and identification, each transaction is digitally signed by the owner with a separate key.
To keep a track of all transactions occurring simultaneously, multiple transactions are grouped together in a structure called ‘block’ uniquely identified by its separate hash and timestamps. Validation of each transaction and the block, among potentially distrusted users, is done using an agreement mechanism, which means the state of the shared ledger is updated by the accord of the majority of nodes.
This updating in the case of bitcoin employs the proof-of-work consensus algorithm, whereby miners attempt to find a special value to achieve the block’s hash, less than a target value, which is usually set to avoid any dispute and establish trust.
This target value is set in such a way that miners compete to find a nonce in around 10 minutes, hence the block generation time is 10 minutes.
This process by which nodes perform accurate computations, thus giving their resources to find the nonce is called mining and the nodes doing so are called miners. Through this mining, nodes compute the proof-of-work which is a form of achieving agreement among the distrusted modes.Nufangle is a gallery of fine antiques and whimsy. Inspired by the owner’s Southern charm and talent for tantalizing vignettes, Design Ranch composed a creatively curious brand voice and directed a gallery-like photoshoot highlighting the one-of-a-kind qualities of each thingamajig in the shop. Amidst a smattering of letterpress details, custom die-cuts and trims, you’re sure to find something that tickles your fancy.With improved collagen manufacturing, your skin will find yourself being firmer and likewise youthful. Good blood movement takes additional oxygen as well as nutrients to the numerous elements of the body together with the pores and נערות ליווי בחולון -... skin which is able to give it the all-natural radiance. Since that is an historic technique it worth very much and also in accordance with modern science and invention this method advanced and in some place this system additionally follows different few process from various elements of this world.
These superior recliners are capable of massage a number of parts of your physique without delay. Massage is a lot more useful for individuals over the age of 40 to lower the outcomes previous on the skin. Paraffin is used on the pores and skin to each soften and relieve pain. It's also more relaxing since again pains annoys the most than any other ache on your physique. If you loved this write-up and you would such as to get additional information pertaining to נערות ליווי לביתך -... kindly see the website. Of these, 42 p.c obtained massage for health or נערות ליווי בירושלים -... medical causes such as ache administration, soreness, stiffness or damage rehabilitation In addition to a 30 Day Eviction Notice Form, you might also discover Seven Day Notice to Quit - Eviction or Vacate, Three Day Notice to Pay Rent or Surrender Possession of Premises - Vacate - Past Due Rent - Eviction, 90 Day Notice from Landlord to Tenant to Terminate Lease, and Landlord Seven Day Notice to Tenant to Remedy Noncompliance with Lease - Eviction, Quit, or Vacate kinds.
Therefore, it is critical and even obligatory to get in contact with a security guard company to rent skilled security officers who can look after the assisted living premises like their very own dwelling. The officers bestow a lot-needed peace of mind to the concerned adult kids, grandchildren and different kin who have entrusted their dad and mom and guardians to the retirement homes for optimum care. Only trained and skilled safety professionals can stop these problems and safely escort residents to the respective care givers The professional will place his or her palms on the goal regions partaking in gentle manipulation of the joints and tissues with gentle stretching for improved perform.
About Massage Therapy Massage therapy consists primarily of fingers-on manipulation of the tender tissues of the physique, שירותי ליווי -... particularly, the muscles, נערות ליווי בקריות -... connective tissue, tendons, נערות ליווי - ligaments and joints for the aim of optimizing health. A full physique soapy nuru massage contains the scalp, neck, face, back, arms, abdomen, front of physique, and palms of fingers. The meditation music collection of Spirit Voyage contains Kundalini Sadhana Music, music for relaxation, נערות ליווי בדרום - healing and massage therapy music and lots of extra.
With the completely different Kundalini Yoga DVDs and Kundalini Yoga music, Spirit Voyage paves a spiritual path that leads the listening mind to unite with the divine. Practicing Kundalini yoga not solely leads a person to the healthy life but additionally gifts enhanced intuition and psychological readability to him. Kundalini is the dormant life force that lies at the base of the spine in the Muladhara chakra British Transport Secretary Grant Shapps mentioned he instructed the UK Civil Aviation Authority "to request airlines avoid Belarusian airspace in order to keep passengers safe".Here’s an alternative plan to vaccinate India
Instead of trying to inoculate 600 million people in the midst of shortages, here’s a better way to beat covid-19
Instead of trying to inoculate 600 million people in the midst of shortages, here’s a better way to beat covid-19
On 1 May, India will move into uncharted territory. An additional 600 million people in the 18-45 age group will become eligible for vaccination. This will happen without any corresponding immediate increase in India’s vaccine production capacity, which currently stands at about 75 million doses per month. So far, one dose has been administered to about a 100 million Indians who are above the age of 45, or roughly 40% of the estimated eligible population.
Thus, by this weekend, we will be tripling the vaccine requirement, even as 60% of the currently eligible population remains to be vaccinated. There are already multiple reports of serious vaccine shortage, with many unable to get their second dose.
Consequently, India now needs to quickly determine not just who to vaccinate, but where to vaccinate in order to secure the maximum public health benefit in an atmosphere of shortage. Obviously, everybody cannot be vaccinated simultaneously. Beyond the market-determined allocation—those who can pay more will get vaccinated first—the country needs a broader plan to prioritise.
The vaccination drive is not merely about attaining herd immunity. While that is indeed the medium-term goal, vaccines can also be used in a targeted fashion to mitigate the epidemic over the next few months. Full protection from vaccination is attained only about 3 weeks after the second dose, but partial individual protection from severe illness may be obtained just a few weeks after the first dose. So, it is possible to affect the severity of the second surge and limit the spread of the illness by having a viable, well-thought-out plan.
Here, the pandemic’s concentration in a few districts could and should be exploited. For example, in mid-April, 25 districts (less than 5% of India’s districts) were responsible for 50% of the total infections. The disease is spreading beyond these districts, but experience from the first wave in August and September of 2020 offers valuable clues.
Has the geography of covid-19 infections changed between September 2020 and April 2021? Can the settlement structure of the infection-intensive districts—whether city, semi-urban periphery or village—offer further insight? Our analysis suggests that India needs to worry about a much smaller, more manageable subset of the population than 600-700 million people, at least in May and June. The key question for the upcoming vaccination drive in the midst of an acute second wave is ‘where’ rather than ‘who’.
Geography of covid
To analyse the geographic spread of covid-19, we grouped districts into four categories according to the caseload intensity: districts that comprise 50% of the cases, those comprising the next 25%, the next 15% and, finally, the other districts.
Chart 1a maps districts that were pandemic hotspots in the August to September 2020 period. The pandemic was relatively concentrated in Maharashtra and in the southern states, with major urban centres in the north, east and west also affected. In September 2020, about 45 districts accounted for 50% of the cases (marked in dark brown) and another 100 districts added 25% more cases. Essentially, the disease was largely confined to 145 districts. Comparing the first and second wave is instructive.
Chart 1b attempts to do just that, showing the spread of the disease in the March to April 2021 period. Interestingly, the current surge started out even more concentrated, with only 10 districts accounting for 50% of the cases and a further 37 districts taking that figure up to 75% of cases in March. By 17 April, covid-19 had spread substantially in at least 105 districts, which were responsible for 75% of all detected cases.
The initial concentration of cases in fewer districts resulted in the visible overwhelming of the healthcare system in the surge zones. Further, and of great importance for the predictability of this surge, the pandemic is revisiting its old haunts. As of 17 April, 89 of 105 districts that were the hotspots at that point also figured in the list of 145 districts from September 2020, and accounted for 91% of the population of the hotspot districts.
But is the pandemic becoming more rural? And is it affecting the semi-urban and rural pockets of the districts which were hotspots in the first wave? Chart 2 looks at the settlement structure of the hotspot districts at different periods during the pandemic. It shows that the current surge started out in areas that are much more urban than in August-September 2020. By April, the pandemic is moving beyond the megacities into districts with million-plus cities and large towns. As such, the peripheries of these cities—though they may be administratively classified as villages—are also likely to have a significant number of infections.
Since the location of the cases is not known publicly (but known to the administration), the analysis is circumstantial, but there have been relatively few reports of cases in rural areas. It was feared that this might occur last year, especially after migrant workers started returning to their villages. This is a possibility this year too due to similar migrant movements and also due to recent large gatherings like the Kumbh Mela and election campaigns. But it hasn’t happened yet. If things play out similar to last year, the worst of covid may remain concentrated in urban areas and their peripheries.
The vaccine plan
India started vaccinating those above 60 (and those above 45 with co-morbidities) from 1 March, and then, all those above 45 from 1 April. The first dose has been administered to about a 100 million people from this eligible category as on date.
The spread of vaccination has been largely proportional to the eligible population across states, with some states like Rajasthan doing exceedingly well. But while states have battled each other for vaccine doses, the district-level story has gotten very little attention.
If we dig deeper and look at the district-level vaccination coverage, the most affected districts do have a higher share of the eligible population who have received at least one dose, but this ratio is still less than half. In other districts, it is only around a third. What’s worse is that the pace of vaccinations has slowed down considerably since mid-April—either because people are scared of vising vaccination centres or because of supply issues. The missed opportunity is this: If we had focused on the districts previously affected by the surge in September, we could have vaccinated the entire vulnerable population above 45 in these areas by now.
This was clearly a mistake. In the next month or two, when vaccine supplies are likely to remain very constrained, how can we use the vaccination drive to save lives? The best option appears to be to focus the drive on increasing vaccination among the existing 45+ category beginning with urban areas by using pop up vaccination camps closer to the people. This needs to be done while simultaneously phasing in younger people with co-morbidities in the districts which currently comprise the top 50% of reported cases. This will protect the most vulnerable in precisely the areas where they are most at risk.
As more doses become available, one can then extend the vaccination to other areas in a phased manner, with 18-20-year-olds in districts that have rarely seen covid cases being the last to be vaccinated. People need to be convinced that the prioritisation process is based on an assessment of risk exposure, and that the people who are most in danger are being prioritised first. This will also save lives by decreasing the need for hospitalization among those infected, preserving scarce healthcare capacity in these perilous times.
Beyond vaccination centres
To do this, we must go beyond the current approach of expecting people to come to the vaccination centre. The low share of vaccinations till now shows that there are many vulnerable and eligible people who are finding it hard to access vaccination centres or are hesitant. It would be important to address these issues. We must focus on taking vaccine doses to the people in high-risk areas, rather than merely expanding the eligible population.
Second, in a raging pandemic situation, a number of vaccinated people will be infected, especially those that have received only one dose. To ensure this does not increase vaccine hesitancy, it is important to convey that this does not indicate that the vaccine is ineffective and that even if infected, the illness is more likely to be mild if the person has been vaccinated.
There is a risk that saturation vaccination in certain areas can make the virus move to new areas which are currently not very highly infected. Also, the virus can mutate as the share of infectable people goes down after vaccination. One must be careful to watch out for both these possibilities, by closely monitoring the spread of the disease in new areas and by extensively increasing sequencing and observing the nature of mutations that are taking place.
The fact remains that by expanding vaccination drive to all adults, the government has done away with the question of whom to vaccinate. The states are now tasked with the onerous responsibility of sequencing vaccination in a situation of high scarcity.
In this situation, a good way to prioritise may be a geographic criterion that targets particular districts. In the districts that accounted for 75% of all cases on 17 April, 34 million had received their first dose out of an eligible 45+ population of about 100 million. We can give at least one dose to most of this remaining high-priority, vulnerable group in May if we try. We must.
Partha Mukhopadhyay and Shamindra Roy are researchers at the Centre for Policy ResearchThe Significance of Emerging Technologies in Promoting Internationalization of Rural SMEs in South Africa
Abstract
Internationalization of rural SMEs can be able to assist in building of rural economic development in the developing countries including South Africa. Because of their characteristics, SMEs are far more flexible and responsive to frequent changes that occur in the contemporary, global environment than large enterprises. This paper intends to analyse the significance of emerging technologies in promoting internationalization of rural SMEs in South Africa. The paper also analyses the most frequent problems of rural SMEs failure to use emerging technologies as a strategic tool to promote internationalization. The primary data was collect using quantitative method. Data was collected from five rural areas of the KwaZulu-Natal (KZN) Province. The sample consisted of 374 SMEs owners/managers, selected using a quota sampling method, with respondents completing five-point Likert scale questionnaire with the assistance of an interviewer. The results reveal that the majority of respondents believe that emerging technology is a very important promotional tool that can be used by rural SMEs to access the international markets; however, the findings also indicate that rural SMEs in rural KZN are affected by lack of technology standards/networks. Further research should aim to develop training capacity building programmes that will provide entrepreneurial skills and encourage entrepreneurial technology innovation and use of new technologies among rural dwellers particularly in KZN.
DOI: 10.5901/mjss.2014.v5n20p27..Frequently Asked concerns (FAQ)
Do you follow back?Nope, sorry. This is secondary blog and it doesn’t permit it to monitor or monitor back.
You are watching: How to make a tumblr faq
Why girlfriend reply blog post with her main/personal blog?Same reason, since this is a secondary blog and barisalcity.org doesn’t allow it.and due to the fact that i don’t want you miss it.
When go you start this blog?12 April 2011
Where space you from?Narnia loljk :P Malaysia (asian)
How did friend learn all of this tutorials?Exploring and also Experimenting
Where carry out you learn all html/css/javascript code?
Can i request / submit tutorial?Sure! pointer are constantly welcome, and we’ll credit transaction you.
When girlfriend will update this blog?We will update this blog once we have actually time and new tutorial come share, yet if girlfriend have difficulty with her theme simply leave me message, i will reply friend as quickly as possible.
Why you no reply my messagei will reply your message when i have timei’m not going reply her message once i check out the problem already fixed
Why the codes not working?When you copy and also paste the code from here to your html page / design template docs / theme, make sure you RE-TYPE all the quotation mark instance ( “ ) change to ( ” )
Why the scroll bar with photo / Stylish scroll Bar doesn’t work-related for me?It’s just working ~ above Google Chrome.
Why the Saving energy doesn’t work?
Where is the tags?usually that is top top the optimal of the code
How to uncover the sign / code?Click ctrl + F and searchbar will appear. Type the word/code you want to find and it will certainly hightlight foryou.
See more: What Herbivores Live In The Rainforest, Eating The Rainforest
barisalcity.org Academy is a accuse Blog. Girlfriend can find a miscellaneous tutorials for her barisalcity.org consisting of html code, theme, valuable link, tips etc.
7 confused students
For design template Docs● power Saving Mode● Welcome Message● placing A Background● putting A Header● countless Scroll● Disable appropriate Click● Fading Image● Reblog button On her Post● Cursor● role To optimal Button● recommend Button● Stylish Scrollbar / Scrollbar through Image● Sparkle attach Hover● Rainbow attach Hover ● shaking Image● pop Up questioning Box/Link for Descriptions● background Music ✓ Youtube Player ✓ SCM Player ✓ MixPod✓ Streampad● Ask box In Description/Sidebar● Twitter Badge● chat Box●Make A Link● hit Counter and User Online●Scroll Box● Scrolling picture / image Marquee● navigating Bars● sliding Drop under Menu● sliding Drop Down menu With ImageFor Dashboard ●Missing e 1.5.7 <update>< ✓ Unfollower List. ✓ follow Checker. ✓ Bookmark. ✓ Magnify. ✓ Reblog Yourself. ✓ for sure Dash. ✓ Time Stamp. ✓ post barisalcity.org Crush. ✓Jump to Dash. ✓ Ask box In Dashboard. ✓ Enlarge barisalcity.org Avatar. ✓ Slim Sidebar. ✓ One Click Reblog. ✓ fixed Editor Tweaks and so on >● Dashboard / Log-in Background● OthersBasic / because that Posting● simple HTML Code● Marquee● adjust URL● Hide adhering to People● follow Yourself● Answer concerns With Image/Gifs● Let people Answer her Post● link Tag Post● do A PageMusic Posting● variety of post to display on her blog● enable Ask crate (for new dashboard)Others● image For Saving energy / Standby Mode● monitor Anonymous Ask● Redirect come a brand-new URL●Delete an additional Blog● barisalcity.org Status● Disable monitor Button● Mapping photo / picture Map● lift Layout● on facebook Things● design template Recover
October 26, 2021
Senior Spotlight: Kazeem Salaam Promotes STEM Learning, Combining Programming Skills with a Passion for Helping Others
Kazeem Salaam
If you’re a local student, you might already know senior Kazeem Salaam, a computer science major at UCI in the Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences (ICS). Perhaps he helped you better understand Python or C++ through the 4.0 Club, a free tutoring service for ICS and engineering students at UCI. Or he might have introduced you to the MIT App Inventor as a K-12 web application instructor, or to Raspberry Pi as a volunteer for the National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE) youth program, Engineers of the Future. Or maybe you’ve watched his video on How to Use LeetCode. Because when Salaam isn’t studying software development at UCI or interning at Amazon, he’s often sharing his knowledge with others in the classroom or documenting his own experiences on his YouTube channel ZeemTheDream, encouraging students — especially those from underrepresented backgrounds — to explore careers in STEM.
What first sparked your interest in computer science?
Growing up, my dad really inspired me to learn about programming, but I never fully took the initiative to learn more. When I got to my senior year of high school, I did extensive research into computer science and all that it entails. I found it very interesting and was really drawn to how software engineers solve everyday problems using programming languages. After that, I knew computer science was the major that I wanted to pursue.
What led you to UCI?
UCI has a great computer science program and the campus is very beautiful. After going on a campus tour, I knew it would be the best fit for me.
Have you had a favorite ICS professor or class?
I personally enjoyed ICS 31 with Professor Shannon Alfaro. It was my first programming class ever and also the most exciting. I had a great experience learning about the basics of Python, and it sparked an even greater interest to learn more about what programs could accomplish.
Can you talk about being featured in the video, “The 2%: Navigating UCI as a Black Student,” and your involvement in the National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE)?
I think that video was very important in showcasing what it entails to be a Black student at UCI and to have a welcoming space. I talked about how for me, NSBE was that welcoming space that not only provided networking opportunities with people who looked like me, but also provided different computer science opportunities to advance my career. Having clubs like NSBE is significant because it allows you to visualize and attain a successful future by having a community of peers whose goals/successes are aligned with yours.
What motivates you to teach youth and to volunteer for NSBE Engineers of the Future?
Before committing to my computer science path, I was very hesitant and unsure of whether my goals were possible. By volunteering with youth, I hope to inform, encourage, and inspire others like me to pursue a career in computer science or STEM, if they are interested. I enjoy volunteering because I know that it can have a huge impact for future students.
Kazeem Salaam teaching K-12 students about STEM and web/mobile applications. Here he is conducting the daily timed challenge in which students compete to see which group produces the best app functions.
What motivated you to create ZeemTheDream?
I started the YouTube channel to document my journey as a Black computer science student at UCI, and it has developed into me sharing some of the knowledge that I have acquired through different experiences. The goal for me has always been to help people, and with my YouTube community, I believe that I can continue to produce helpful content that captures how I’ve navigated not only through college, but my life and work in the tech industry as well!
Can you also talk about your recent summer internship at Amazon?
My internship at Amazon was a great experience because it allowed me to work on an existing team with many established software engineers. Throughout the internship, I got the chance to independently work on an impactful project and roll it out to production. I was treated as a team member, which granted me the benefits of asking questions about existing architectures, diving into the Amazon company culture, and developing my skills as a computer science student.
Kazeem Salaam outside the plant-filled spheres at the Amazon headquarters in Seattle.
Any advice for prospective students?
My advice for prospective students would be to apply to internships as soon as you can. Internships allow you to apply what you have been learning in school and actually understand how it is relevant in the industry. At the end of the day, the work you do in an internship will be the most similar to the work you do after college.
What are your goals for your senior year, and what are your plans for the future?
My goals for this year are to do the best that I can academically, but also enjoy the remaining of my undergraduate experience. I plan on having the most fun that I can! My plan for the future is to start working in the industry and develop a way to give to my community. I have always been passionate about helping others who look like me and whose goals are aligned with mine, so I’ll keep finding ways to inspire others.
— Shani Murray
Senior Spotlight: Kazeem Salaam Promotes STEM Learning, Combining Programming Skills with a Passion for Helping Others< Previous
Sang-Woo Jun and Collaborators Win Best Paper Award for Predictive Maintenance at the EdgePresented video hosted on Youtube (with permission from presenter) at:
Text generation systems, especially powered by massive pretrained language models (LMs), are increasingly used in real applications. However, the usual maximum-likelihood (MLE) based training or finetuning relies on clean text examples for direct supervision. The approach is not applicable to many emerging problems where we have access only to noisy or weak-supervision data, or biased data with spurious correlations, or no data at all. Such problems include generating text prompts for massive LMs, generating adversarial attacks, and various controllable generation tasks, etc. In this talk, I will introduce new modeling and learning frameworks for text generation, including: (1) A new reinforcement learning (RL) formulation for training with arbitrary reward functions. Building upon the latest advances in soft Q-learning, the approach alleviates the previous fundamental challenges of sparse reward and large action space, resulting in a simple and efficient algorithm and strong results on various problems; (2) A causal framework for controllable generation that offers a new lens for text modeling from the principled causal perspective. It allows us to eliminate generation biases inherited from training data using rich causality tools (e.g., intervention, counterfactuals). We show its significant improvement for both learning unbiased controllable generation models and de-biasing existing pretrained LMs.Bicycle Playing Cards - Poker Size - 2 Pack, RED & BLUERegular price $40.99 Sale price $14.96 Save 64%
Brand: Bicycle
Color: RED & BLUE
Features:
- Bicycle Standard Playing Cards – Poker Size – 2 Pack
-
Binding: Lawn & Patio
Genre: entertainment
Publisher: The United States Playing Card Co.
Release Date: 03-01-2017
Details: They're a classic pair--and a staple in any game lover's collection. Open the outer storage box to reveal two boxed 54-card decks, one red-backed and one blue-backed, sealed in plastic. Each card boasts a finish designed to allow easy dealing and comfortable gripping. As always, the Victorian design with bike-riding cherubs graces the back of each playing card, and the set is guaranteed against manufacturer's defects. --Liane Thomas
Languages: German,.A day late, but not forgotten in the pre-holiday rush, I present progress on my Sarah James Ribbed Leaf Pullover:
You can see the wide twist-rib section; the tubular cast-on I used (my fave); and about 80% of the first full pattern row repeat. I’ve described the tubular cast-on before. You can also see the beginnings of the soft drape of the body, with just a bit of blousy fullness above the ribbing. My gauge is just a squidge looser than that recommended, but I am not worried about fit. I am at the top end of the pattern’s presented range of sizes. A bit more fullness won’t matter. Plus I have plenty of yarn. Two whole bags full – about six balls more than the pattern projects.
On the Jaeger Matchmaker DK, I can confirm my opinion yesterday. It’s soft. Very soft. Also a bit splitty for this particular use. I’d probably recommend a crisper, more tightly spun yarn for maximum texture effect, but this one is serviceable for the purpose and I like the hand of the fabric that’s resulting. I am a bit disappointed in quality though. I’m only on my second ball, and I’ve found more than a half dozen spots where a ply was spliced. No whole strand knots, but lots of repaired ply breakage. Most were large enough to be noticeable and I ended up cutting them out. That means more ends to end off. Also, I suspect that the luscious softness of this Merino yarn will display a typical weakness – pilling. I noticed that when ripping back, the yarn looks more used and fuzzy than I would normally expect. It mates with itself an exceptional amount for a superwash. All that easily encouraged surface fuzz usually bodes badly for pilling down the road. I’ll keep an eye on that.
In the mean time, I’ll be taking a computer vacation for a couple of days, and will catch up with both wiseNeedle and String after the holiday. If you’re in the US – may your long weekend be a pleasant one whether it be away with family or cozy at home. If you’re overseas, were my house to be big enough, I’d wish I could invite you all over for dinner.
One response
If the DK is a merino — I agree with the pilling aspect. I’ve lost my love affair with supewash merino for socks. The finished socks need TLC or they pill. Pity — I adore knitting with superwash merino. And oh, how it feels on the skin.
–KathrynMusic in American Combat Films
A Critical Study
$35.00
In stock
About the Book
The book explores ways in which combat film scores interact collaboratively with other film elements (for instance, image and dialogue) to guide audience understanding of theme and character. Examined are classical and current models of film scoring practice and the ways they work to represent changes in film narratives taking place over time or from film to film. Differing approaches to scoring practice are considered as possible reflections of prevailing cultural attitudes toward war and warriors during the time of a film’s creation, the war it represents, or both. Observations of cinematic representations of masculinity, heroism and war raise questions regarding whether (and if so, to what extent) we have lost some measure of faith in our country’s motives for waging war and in the traditional models of what we think it means to be a hero.
About the Author(s)
Bibliographic Details
Wesley J. O’Brien
Format: softcover (6 x 9)
Pages: 196
Bibliographic Info: notes, bibliography, index
pISBN: 978-0-7864-6343-5
eISBN: 978-0-7864-9296-1
Imprint: McFarland
Table of Contents
Table of Contents
Preface 1
Introduction: Film Scoring Practice and the American Combat Film 3
I. Scoring the Classical Combat Film and Conventions of the War Film Protagonist: The Story of G.I. Joe 19
II. The Vietnam Conﬂict Scored as a Conventional War Film: John Wayne Plays John Wayne in The Green Berets 42
III. The Ambivalent Hero: Major Heroic Malfunction in Full Metal Jacket 72
IV. Vietnam Redux: Scoring the Conﬂicted (Post–9/11) Hero in We Were Soldiers 97
V. Heroes Without a Cause: Scoring Practice and the Devolution of Combat Film Heroism in the Wake of Vietnam 116
VI. Re-Presenting “The Good War” 134
VII. Comparing Classical and Current Scoring Practices 158
Notes 177
Works Cited 180
Index 186Scal?
Margo Martindale: About three years ago I was on vacation with my family and my agent called to tell me about a story he had received for me. He emailed it to me, and I had it printed out at a Kinkos in Minnesota and read it while driving back to NYC from Mt. Rushmore. I thought it was very intriguing, so I asked my daughter to read it and she concurred that it was definitely interesting. At that time I had other commitments lined up, so it didn’t seem possible that I would be involved in it, if the plan was to go into production in the near future. However, as fate would have it, their time frame changed and ultimately I was available to do it. I was drawn to the unique method of storytelling, and I’m a big fan of suspense and mystery.
HorrorNewsNetwork: Were you familiar with Zack Parker’s work before reading the story; how did you find his directing style?
Margo Martindale: No, I wasn’t familiar with him before Scalene. As a director he was very confident, and he had a clear vision of what he wanted to achieve. It was remarkable to work with a young director of such conviction and self-assuredness, in the best sense of the word.
HorrorNewsNetwork: What was it like working with Adam Scarimbolo and Hanna Hall? As the main characters, whose three different views the plot revolves around, did you guys discuss how you each would approach your roles?
Margo Martindale: No, we didn’t discuss our approaches to the roles. However, they were both wonderful to work with, and I felt like the three of us were on an even playing field.
HorrorNewsNetwork: I found Janice Trimble to be a dark character similar to Earline Fitzgerald who you played so brilliantly in Million Dollar Baby. Did Janice remind you of Earline when you were reading her and did you think of her at all when you were playing Janice?
Margo Martindale: No, it’s interesting that you felt that, but Earline never crossed my mind when I was playing Janice. As misguided and Janice may have been, I think that she loved her son and was a much better mother than Earlene Fitzgerald.
HorrorNewsNetwork: I feel that Zack Parker probably wants the viewers to decide for themselves whose story, if any, is “true”. What did you think when you read the story?
Margo Martindale: Approaching it as an actress, I believed solely that my story was the true one.
HorrorNewsNetwork: Scalene is getting a lot of positive press in the horror community for a film that is not a typical “horror” film. Why do you think that is?
Margo Martindale: I think that Scalene is a crossover film, in that it has all the elements of a suspense filled horror film, but it is underpinned by real human emotions and motivations.
HorrorNewsNetwork: Are you a fan of horror? What was the first horror film you ever saw? Any favorites?
Margo Martindale: I love horror films if they are based on situations that logically could occur. I’m not sure, but The Tingler (in black and white), was probably the first horror film I remember as a child. When I saw The Exorcist when I was in college, I thought it was the scariest things I’d ever seen!
HorrorNewsNetwork: Again, thank you so much for your time and please tell our readers here at Horror News Network what is on the horizon for you!
Margo Martindale: I’m off to Oklahoma in September to start work on the film version of Tracy Lett’s Tony and Pulitzer Prize winning play, Â August: Osage County. I’ll be playing the character of Mattie Fae, the sister of Meryl Streep’s character. Can’t wait!
Our program covers all sections of small animal endoscopy including birds and exotic animals. Many veterinary surgeons are using our so called set for rhinoscopy and otoscopy or our set for supra pubic cystoscopy. We supply also fiber gastroscopes and bronchoscopes as well as video gastroscopes. For reasearch programs we manufacture special endoscopes and instruments with different diameters and lengths.
Topseller
Spare silicon tips
Pressure infusion cuff
Mini rongeur and biopsy forceps
Brugman‘s foreign body catcher, 90 cm
Set for Canine and Feline Rhinoscopy and Otoscopy
- Rigid telescopes: 0°, OD:2,7mm, WL:14/19cm
- Compatible examination sheath with instrument channel
- Biopsy or grasping forceps
- Halogen cold light source (also to use for gastro fiberscopes and bronchoscopes)
Video-Otoscopy/in presence of the owner
Video Compact System, the universal endoscopic video equipment for every small animal practice
- easy to use and uncomplicated handling
- single cable technology (cold light and video cable), TWIN Lock connection - quick release system
- use of biopsy and grasping forceps under visual video control
- compatible to standard telescopes and fiberscopes
Gastro-fiberscopes and bronchoscopes
- Video gastroscope: OD: 8 mm, WL 100 cm
- Video gastroscope: OD: 9.8 mm, WL 130 cm
- Video gastroscope: OD: 10.8 mm, WL: 150 cm
video: Digital LED-Video-Gastroscope
video: foreign body catcher
Gynaecology - Vaginoscopy and Urology
With the newly developed working sheath artificial insemination in dogs under visual control is no longer a problem. The scopes and sheaths are also useful for cystoscopy and other endoscopic procedures.
- Newly developed set for vaginoscopy and urology including both examination and working sheaths.
- Telescopes are available as conventional DIN ocular scopes or as Twin connector scopes with a bayonet lock fitting directly to our Video Compact System
- Based on a 4 mm telescope system with an angle of vision of 30° compatible to standard endoscopic video cameras
Set for Laparoscopy and Thoracoscopy
- Rigid laparoscopes 0°/30°, OD:5/10mm, WL:30cm
- Reusable magnetic valve trocars with saftey device
- Reusable minimally invasive instruments
- Knot tier with cutting device
- CO² inflation systems
Set for Canine Arthroscopy
- Rigid arthroscopes, 30°,OD:1,9/2,4mm, WL:11/14cm
- High flow arthroscopic sheaths
- Special hand instruments
- Hand milling drill acc to Prof. Van Ryssen
- Special cannula changing system acc to Prof. Van Bree
- Rongeurs and grasping forceps
- Fluid supply system with pressure infusion cuffs or automatic pressure infusor
- Joint target device.Awesome, thanks for that further detail @inalittlewhile - look forward to learning more and collaborating with the UMA team/community as I think this is a great way to explore treasury management for the DAO.
My pleasure. It goes without saying how elated I am to hodl my own $FOX via the airdrop. Looking forward to further discussions.
I think the main things to decide right now are 1. if your community wants to do a raise 2. if they’d prefer to borrow against the tokens or sell them. I suspect that at this stage they are feeling pretty bullish, and would prefer to avoid selling them too cheaply.
So long as the community is interested in doing such a raise, then we can get more definite on the actual design. I’m bringing in Kevin from our team to have a look too.
Thanks @clayton - I think there is interest in some general treasury diversification for operational reasons, I am just one community member but IMO the DAO would probably prefer to borrow against its treasury right now rather than sell them for the reasons you mention.
I think that is probably what we should explore at this juncture, but anyone else can weigh in here with thoughts on that.
Thanks @clayton. I am a strong proponent of treasury diversification at this time - particularly into a stablecoin.
I also favor borrowing at the moment. I would strongly oppose selling FOX on any DEX or CEX. I would entertain the notion of selling OTC or through personal network connections.
Look forward to more input / guidance from the UMA team on what this could look like.
Hey guys, Sean from the UMA team here. I think @jonisjon, @Josh and others have done a great job already summarizing the advantages of using a Range Token or Success Token for treasury diversification. Because of that, I’ll keep this post pretty practical and do my best to try to summarize and answer some of the questions that have popped up.
What is an UMIP? What is involved in creating a Range/Success Token?
An UMIP is an UMA Improvement Proposal and is used to, among other things, propose new price identifiers and collateral types that the UMA Optimistic Oracle can support. Think of this as the design doc for your FOX/USD price oracle - the goal is to clearly communicate to UMA DVM voters and price proposers/verifiers how to calculate the FOX/USD price.
Really all that is needed is to decide on a design. Like “inalittlewhile” said, usually, before using new types of collateral or pricing implementations, there needs to be some governance action in the form of an UMIP. In this case, ShapeShift doesn’t need to worry about the UMIP process. Clayton alerted us about ShapeShift’s potential interest, and we’re planning on proposing the pricing implementation and collateral support for UMA governance review ASAP.
Once these UMIPs are voted in, launching and using a RT or ST should take a defi savvy dev no more than 20 minutes. Would be more than happy to help out with this deployment process or even just deploy the contract once governance is complete!
Do Range/Success Tokens need to be sold OTC?
Not necessarily. These are just erc-20 tokens, and can be sold in whatever way seems most appropriate to ShapeShift. Previously all other RT/ST sales have been OTC, and there are a few nuances around how they behave in traditional AMM’s since they have capped floor and ceiling prices, but alternative methods of distribution are definitely possible and really should just be whatever fits ShapeShift’s goals best.
Breakdown on the function/difference between Range Tokens and Success Tokens
Neither the success token or range token are immediate sales of the FOX token. In both cases, to mint RT/STs you need to collateralize your debt position with FOX, but there is no immediate sale of FOX.
Range Tokens
For a Range Token holder, it looks like a credit product between the range, being short a put option below the range, and holding a call option above the range. So with a range of $0.2 and $5, a Range Token holder would typically buy at a discount (say $0.95), get $1 worth of FOX when the contract expires if FOX/USD is between $5 and $0.2, and be exposed to the FOX price above and below $5 and $0.2 respectively.
Not precise pricing (just a RT numerical example for illustrative purposes):
- FOX RT with a range of $0.2 and $5, expiring 1 year from today. Each RT is backed by 5 FOX tokens.
- Each FOX RT is sold for whatever discount is agreed upon. Say a 15% discount, or $0.95. This is not the same as directly selling tokens at a discount.
- A year from now settlement, FOX/USD is at the bottom of the range at $0.2. Each RT is worth 5 FOX tokens ($1).
- FOX/USD settlement at the top of the range at $5, each RT is worth 0.2 FOX tokens ($1).
- FOX/USD settlement in the range at $2. Each RT is worth 0.5 FOX tokens ($1).
- FOX/USD above the range at $6. Each RT is worth the floor amount of 0.2 FOX tokens or $1.2. This is the imbedded call option, and looks like the ShapeShift DAO selling FOX at $5. ShapeShift has maintained upside exposure until the end of the range.
- FOX/USD below the range at $0.10. Each RT is worth the capped amount of 5 FOX tokens or $0.5. This is the imbedded put behavior, and gives the ShapeShift DAO downside protection since it looks like ShapeShift selling FOX at $0.2.
Success Tokens
A Success Token looks slightly different. STs consist of exposure to 1 token of collateral + an imbedded call option. Typically STs are sold for the current price of FOX without a discount, since ST buyers are compensated for their cost of capital with a free call option.
Again, not precise pricing but:
- FOX ST with a $5 strike expiring 1 year from today. Each ST is backed by 2 FOX tokens.
- Each ST is sold for current FOX price, say $0.75.
- A year from now at settlement, FOX/USD is below $5 (or the call option is OTM). ST holders get 1 FOX token in return for their ST.
- Alternatively, a year from now at settlement, FOX/USD is $6. ST holders get 1 FOX token + ((Settlement Price - Strike Price) / Settlement Price) or (6 - 5)/6 = 0.167 FOX tokens. Total ST redemption value of 1.167 FOX. FOX token price has increased, so it’s a win/win for the DAO and the ST investor.
In both situations, of course ShapeShift would potentially have the option of buying back the RT/ST debt instead of allowing RT/ST holders to claim the FOX collateral. Both structures are non-liquidatable, and would allow for stablecoin borrowing now against FOX tokens.
Summary
I know that was long, so let me know if anything wasn’t clear! Bottom-line, I think diversification makes sense, there are various structures we can explore and either of these structures can be live in prod as soon as this weekend.
Wow @sean - what an incredible post explaining all the UMA options in detail!
So appreciate you and the team jumping in to help here, laying out all of our options, moving forward on the UMIP do we don’t even have to worry about that part, and even offering to do some of the development, I am blown away!
If I wasn’t convinced decentralized communities working together was clearly the future before now this post alone would have sold me, thank you!
After reading through your post I am now leaning towards perhaps a success token actually being the way to go, away from my original inclination. Still could prob be convinced of either though, really curious to see the communities’ thoughts after your explanation.
One question that isn’t clear to me @sean - how is the timeline set for the call/strike in either option? Do we simply just choose a timeline I assume? Like 1 year, 2 years, or whatever arbitrary date we deem appropriate?
Again thanks so much for the time and help, looking forward to this and future collaborations!
Do we simply just choose a timeline I assume? Like 1 year, 2 years, or whatever arbitrary date we deem appropriate?
Yep! The timeline can be any arbitrary date. The imbedded options would just have the same expiry time as the rest of the structure.
If there was a desire to break the this up across different dates or even structures, that would be easy to do as well!
Great, thanks so much for the info and support @sean - I would like to hear some feedback from a few other members of the community and then see this move forward in the governance process.
One thing we need to figure out is how the DAO wants to sell these - @willy do you think a bonding curve or the like would be possible/make sense for this or should we just find individual parties interested in buying either the range or success tokens (depending which way we decide on)?
Agree with @jonisjon - great post @sean - thanks so much! I’ve been really impressed with the engagement from many parties in the UMA community. I think this could be a great way to diversify.
As per the decision on RT vs ST - I think the biggest factor for me is what potential buyers would most be interested in and if either is more conducive to the avenue we choose for selling. All of that being equal, I do like the mechanics of the Success Token. The fact that as FOX price goes us, each ST is redeemable for more FOX is great. To make it more attractive, I’d consider making the strike price lower than 5x current price.
Curious to hear @willy 's thoughts on this next. And would love to hear input from others.
Hey Josh. In regards to more community engagement, the SuperUMAn team has planned an engagement party in the ShapeShift Discord. It is planned for this evening starting at 6 Pacific time.
We have run these ‘parties’ with other communities and have been successful at generating interest and discussion. Typically, we run the party for 24 hours to give all time zones an opportunity to chime in.
Was wondering if you have any feedback for the SuperUMAns? Is there a certain Discord channel we would be more effective in bombarding? Or does the team have a channel preference?
Looking forward to the Discord engagement later today and appreciate your feedback.
- inalittlewhile
@SS-Matt see recent post from @inalittlewhile from UMA - talking about a Discord “party” in ShapeShift Discord. What channel do you think would be best for that? #proposals maybe?
@inalittlewhile - do you basically hang out there and answer questions for 24 hours? Is that the idea behind a “party”? I like the idea of getting more people in the conversation.
yeah - starting in the Discord would be a good start @inalittlewhile. I would want to loop in our Growth team to help coordinate and promote. If you post in #general in Discord, I can get you connected to the right people
Yes exactly Josh. We’ll be over in force in just over an hour and drum up the conversation. We decided on the Gov Channel earlier, but we can easily switch to proposals if that’s better. See you soon and we’ll have eyes on the conversation for the next day to answer any further questions.
I figured we’d announce in #general ten or so minutes before we begin. We’re you referring to something else?
I think that was posted before the discord conversation, posting in #general when things begin would be great
It was a comment earlier today when we were trying to coordinate when we were going to have the event but that is all taken care of now
Big fan of this idea (either RT or ST) for two reasons:
- Diversify treasury a bit
- Engage and collaborate with another innovative DAO, learn a new system, and help pioneer some new financial tooling.
Win win win win
A couple principles I’d suggest as this moves toward specific scoping:
It’s important this first experiment is successful, which means whatever token is created it needs to be quickly bought. Let’s err on the side of being overly generous to the buyer of the token by weighting the pricing range or other attributes to be a “killer deal” for the buyer.
Whether we do an RT or ST should primarily depend on what buyers are most interested in. How can we assess that? Perhaps we can design/spec both an RT and ST and before creating them, see whether one specific example has more interest.
We don’t need to perfectly design this first iteration.
I’ll very likely support this once it turns into a specific proposal. As a cool bonus, it’d be nifty to create a Uniswap liquidity pool of these.
Looking forward to seeing this idea develop, and great thanks to the UMA folks for engaging here.
I think you make some very good points here. UMA went ahead and created a 2-month range token and sold $2.6M quite easily. It was a good proof of concept, but of course 2 months isn’t terribly long – But it did a great job at testing how it would work.SKVC is an independent organisation that was established by the Ministry of Education and Science of the Republic of Lithuania in 1995. It is partly financed from the State budget.
The agency’s role is to: increase awareness of the quality of higher education and promote its improvement; evaluate the quality of higher education (by institutions and by programmes); provide credential evaluation (of foreign HE qualifications and qualifications giving access to HE); provide information on HE systems and qualifications’ recognition; offer other functions in accordance with legal acts.
SKVC’s activities cover all higher education institutions in Lithuania – universities (academies) and colleges of higher education, state and private institutions.
SKVC’s most recent external review report can be found here.
SKVC is registered on EQAR.
A. Gostauto g. 12
01108 Vilnius
Lithuania- RJ
Snark . . . Snark . . . Snark
I'm gonna come right out and say . . . I love Snark Tuners. Absolutely love them. If you leave one in your case I am going to steal it. Ask Patrick. He brought me a Taylor 312 to repair and he got back a great playing instrument, but I stole his Snark. Snark . . . Snark . . . Snark. Alright, I didn't really steal it, I took everything out of his case to vacuum it and forgot to put the Snark back in. Honestly, quite embarrassing, but hey I'm human. He gets his Snark via the USPS, but also a few extras as well. All is well in the end.
Now for the Taylor. Take years upon years upon years of playing without ever having the frets dressed and you have what you see in the fret picture. If you start to see little dents in your frets get them addressed. We were pretty lucky on the 312 and were able to level them down.
Taylor owners take note: Taylor uses a very soft fret wire. Some people scream, "why would such an expensive guitar use inferior wire?!" Well, soft doesn't necessarily mean inferior. The soft frets are one of things that make a Taylor play like, well a Taylor. They have that soft gliding feeling. Keep your neck adjusted properly and address frets sooner than later and they will last much much longer.Research Overview
The United States has invested billions of dollars constructing, maintaining, and improving systems to provide safe, durable, and serviceable transportation infrastructures for auto and truck travel. Ye, no matter how much money we spend, congestion, road conditions and crashes seem to get no improvement. Smarter vehicles, infrastructures, and transportation operations through technologies and data science may be able to fill the gap and to develop next-generation resilient and smart transportation system addressing the challenges of today and tomorrow. To align with the U.S. DOT top three transportation strategic goals, Dr. Lu’s research has focused on all strategic aspects of smart transportation including innovative solutions for transportation safety improvement, maintaining and improving existing transportation infrastructures through innovative practice and technologies, and coordinating data collection, analysis and sharing across systems through integrated data platforms to make better decisions and align decision and dollars..
Research Interests
- Connected and Autonomous Vehicles
- Smart Material and Structure Health Monitoring
- Big Data Analytics for Transportation
- Smart Transportation
- Transportation System
- Asset Management
- Multimodal Transportation
- Geospatial Transportation Modeling
Current Research
Dr. Lu is currently conducting the following DOT-funded and proposal-staged research:
- Sensor system design and optimization to enable smart cities (funded)
- Smart materials and structural health monitoring (funded)
- Sensor based pavement and rail track condition and traffic monitoring (funded)
- Sensor based smart weigh-in-motion system (funded)
- Data-based traffic safety analysis and prediction through artificial intelligence, machine learning and statistical algorithms (funded)
- Truck platooning solution using automated and connected vehicle technologies for greener freight transportation
- Driving behavior characterization with mixed autonomous vehicles and manual vehicles traffic flow under experiment and data mining
- Transportation infrastructure management system
- Multi-mode transportation
- Operation research in transportation system
Impact
Dr. Lu’s research has been published in quartiles-one and level-A journal outlets such as Journal of Transportation Research Part D: Transport and Environment, Accident Analysis and Prevention, IEEE Sensors Journal, Journal of Safety Research, and Journal of Transportation Engineering. She has written more than 40 journal articles, research reports, and conference papers, and she has been invited to speak on her research at domestic and international academic conferences. Dr. Lu also has co-chaired conference mini-tracks related to her research area at international conferences. She serves on editorial boards for World Review of Intermodal Transportation Research, Global Environment, Health and Safety, and International Journal of Scientific Research and Civil Engineering. She also has served as a committee member for several professional transportation organizations, and as a paper reviewer for numerous journals and conferences.
Pan Lu
Associate Professor of Transportation and Logistics
Quentin Burdick Building, 418
(701) 212-3795
pan.lu@ndsu.edu
DEGREES
- Ph.D., North Dakota State University (Transportation and Logistics)
- B.S., North China Electric Power University (Technological Economics)
TEACHING EXPERIENCENetEnt, the leading developer of exciting world-class digital casino solutions, has added another trailblazing product to its offering with the launch of NetEnt Live Mobile.
Delivering its innovative live casino experience to customers at home or on the go, NetEnt Live Mobile includes a host of special features, including portrait mode, and the ability to place bets during a spin, just like at land-based casinos.
NetEnt Live Mobile was designed and developed together with casino players, to ensure the ultimate gaming experience and, using Chroma Key technology, can be 3D-branded to suit any operator.
Per Eriksson, CEO of NetEnt, comments: “We’re proud to unveil NetEnt Live Mobile, our latest innovative product which will change the way that operators and their players use live casino. Harnessing the best in streaming, audio and video technology, NetEnt has created a product that brings players as close as possible to the real casino environment. And by involving players throughout the entire development process, we’ve ensured a user-friendly interface that enables the ultimate entertainment experience.”
NetEnt Live Mobile is optimized for Apple and Android and includes:
• NetEnt’s Chroma Key technology enables 3D-branded backgrounds
• Unique portrait mode feature, in addition to landscape mode
• High quality streaming capability to ensure a true live experience
• In-spin betting capability, just like in land-based casinos
• NetEnt Live’s unrivalled team of professional and expert dealers
For additional information please contact:
Anna Romboli, Communications Director, NetEnt AB (publ), Phone +46 8 578 54 500, anna.romboli@netent.com
Roland Glasfors, Investor Relations, NetEnt AB (publ),.Helping a Couple Achieve their Dream of Parenthood
November 22nd, 2021 | Story
November 22nd, 2021 | Story
Abeer and her husband, Abdulbaset, live in harsh conditions in the Ta’izz Governorate of Southern Yemen. Abdulbaset lost his job due to the ongoing political conflict in the country, and like most women in Yemen, Abeer does not work. Despite the challenges they face, they have always wanted children.
When Abeer conceived soon after their marriage, they were ecstatic. “I couldn’t believe that I got pregnant and Abdulbaset was also in disbelief that finally he would have a child,” she explained. However, that happiness turned to sorrow when, four months into the pregnancy, Abeer miscarried. “I wasn’t aware that I should seek care during my pregnancy even if I was feeling well,” she said sadly.
Frequently, women in Yemen don’t have access to quality health care and information. Clinics and health care providers are often far away, costly, understaffed and undersupplied. This is compounded by the fact that many Yemenis adhere to traditional ways of managing health issues, including by using herbal medicine and relying on information from elders that is often inaccurate. Further, many people seek medical care only when it is critical—and often too late.
The USAID-funded Systems, Health and Resiliency Project (SHARP) helps women like Abeer by training local midwives to serve as the link between the community and health care systems, ensuring greater access to care. This improves the quality of reproductive, maternal, newborn, and child health, as well as nutrition services, at the community level, reducing mother and child mortality.
Asmahan Saeed, a well-known community midwife, met Abeer through SHARP. Asmahan began visiting Abeer at home to educate her about prenatal care and ways to ensure a healthy pregnancy in the future.
“Like many of the women in the village, Abeer wasn’t receiving prenatal care because she assumed that she was in good health,” Asmahan said. “I also counseled her on the importance of adopting a family planning method for a couple of months before she tried to get pregnant again.”
Asmahan Saeed, a well-known community midwife trained through SHARP. Photo by: Omar al-Gunaid for USAID
When Abeer conceived the second time, Asmahan provided home prenatal care and guidance on when to seek care from a doctor. With Asmahan’s support, Abeer gave birth to a healthy baby, who she named Monwar.
I won’t forget Asmahan’s help. I was able to maintain my pregnancy and finally I gave birth to my first child. We have never been so happy,” Abeer said.
After the delivery, Asmahan continued visiting Abeer and Monwar for six weeks to provide postnatal care. This included checking their vitals and educating Abeer on the importance of breastfeeding and ways to identify danger signs in newborns.
Trained midwives like Asmahan ensure that Yemeni women receive skilled care during pregnancy, childbirth, and post-pregnancy. USAID has trained over 200 community midwives in Yemen to support more than 13,000 Yemeni women and 7,000 children under the age of two and to help them lead healthier lives.
In 2020 alone, USAID helped more than 92 million women and children worldwide access essential, lifesaving care, preventing needless deaths, and helping families and communities thrive.
This story was originally posted by USAID.
We strive to build lasting relationships to produce better health outcomes for all.Late last month, Joe Bonamassa—he of the super-impressive chops and the to-die-for guitar collection—posted a fun little video that shows him playing blues on one of John Petrucci's signature guitars, the Ernie Ball Music Man Majesty. In the clip, which you can check out below, the slide-equipped Bonamassa plays some pithy slow blues lines in E.
Ernie Ball Music Man introduced the Majesty around three years ago. At the time, Petrucci had this to." Bonamassa seems to like it too!
For more about the Majesty, visit music-man.com. Enjoy!Flats Boats 1996 Hewes 16' Bonefisher listed by Pop Yachts (Off Market)
See all inventory from this seller (2,818)
To see full description of this boat from the seller click on the Seller Description tab above.
Stock #040784 -
The email with password reset instructions has been sent to . If you will not receive email from us within next few minutes please check your spam folder.
If you're having issues resetting your password let us know.Valley Spirit Cooperative & Wellness Center () in Washington has announced its upcoming offerings.
They will include “Musical Meditation: Drum Circle” with John Marshall Wednesdays through the end of the year (drop-in, $35; eight classes, $200; $10, child 10 and under); “Tai Chi: Awaken Your Life Force” Tuesdays through March 13 from 7 to 8:30 p.m. and Saturdays through March 17 from noon to 1:30 p.m. (eight to 16 classes, $240); “Calm and Clear: How to Meditate” through Feb. 28, with classes to repeat throughout the year ($160); “Ayurveda: The Yoga of Medicine” and Ayurvedic consultations with Sonam Targee Feb. 24 from 2 to 5 p.m. ($60); and “Healing the Earth, Healing Yourself” April 27-29 with John Jackson ($275).- Makeup
- Makeup Brushes
- Makeup Sponges
- Milani The Perfector Duo Blending Sponges
- In Stock
- Buy Now / Pay Later
- 14 Day Returns
Product Details
Formulated without: Microbeads.
Good to know: This product is cruelty free.
Made In: The USA
Ingredient Features
- Cruelty Free
- Microbead can be ordered online in US Milani
Related Makeup Products
American Heart Association peoples lives.
You can achieve professional growth with personal fulfillment.
You will connect with people and make a lifesaving impact.
You will partner with individuals, schools, lawmakers, healthcare providers and others to ensure everyone has access to healthier lifestyle choices and proper healthcare.
The American Heart Association (AHA) has an excellent opportunity for a Regional Development Director, Corporate Relations within our Western States Region.
The location is flexible to locations within the Western States region with cost-effective access to travel across the territory served and convenient proximity to a major airport.
Reporting to the Vice President, Corporate Relations, the Corporate Relations Business Development Director has region-wide responsibilities for the independent identification and acquisition of call to action and consumer promotion campaigns, partnering with field development staff in identifying and advancing division-level sponsorship opportunities (highest levels and Cause) and developing customized plans and proposals for potential new corporate relationships with the AHA.
This position has a revenue goal exceeding $16 million net with the combination of directly acquired and field acquired new business opportunities.
Responsibilities
Essential Job Duties
• Individual New Business Pipeline Development Research and solicit a new business pipeline across the assigned region that is sufficiently able to generate the goaled revenue from new corporate sponsorships.
This represents a seamless combination of independent new business development (35%) and driving pipelines at the division level through leads generated from local staff (65%).
• Account Development Provide expert client-facing support in the field to identify and deliver the highest and best relationship between the company and the AHA.
Includes, but not limited to, six-figure and multi-year opportunities to drive mission and revenue goals for the AHA.
Ensures that all relationships adhere to AHA policies and guidelines, facilitates the approval process of proposals, letters of agreement and other key documents.
• Sales Planning Design, lead and drive a thorough sales process with each identified opportunity to ensure that each prospect is managed in the most strategic and efficient manner.
Includes the full continuum of the process from preparation, volunteer engagement, concept development, facilitating shared agreement on proposal and components, proposal development, negotiation to close and account transition and evaluation.
• Cross Collaboration Demonstrate advanced skills in communicating, influencing, and engaging all appropriate departments in moving opportunities forward and agreeing on deliverables, campaign development and pipeline opportunities.
Must demonstrate organizational savviness in involving departments across the region and National Center as appropriate.
• Innovation Identify, recommend, and lead opportunities to further the success of Corporate Relations.
Includes staying on the leading edge of external and internal trends and factors that influence the potential of creative corporate sponsorships and demonstrating the business literacy to package those into actionable proposals
Want to help get your resume to the top Take a look at the experience we require
Qualifications
A demonstrated track record that includes two (2) years or more experience with direct responsibity for
• Corporate account management, sales, high level revenue generation or marketing
• Strong presentation and communications skills
• Effective collaboration in a highly matrixed environment with the ability to listen and influence achievement of shared goals
• Demonstrated resourcefulness with ability to source internal and external subject matter expertise as needed
• Ability to delegate and accomplish goals through strong volunteer engagement
• Ability to manage priorities in a complex, fast-paced environment with excellent follow-through
Here are some of the preferred skills we are looking for
• Bachelor’s degree may be preferred in supporting the required level of skill, knowledge and experience required
• Knowledge of AHA’s mission and programs
• Experience in a national corporate environment
So, are you ready to work for the largest voluntary health organization dedicated to fighting heart disease, stroke and other cardiovascular diseases
The American Heart Association’s 2024 Goal Every person deserves the opportunity for a full, healthy life.
As champions for health equity, by 2024, the American Heart Association will advance cardiovascular health for all, including identifying and removing barriers to health care access and quality.AMD has announced a partnership with 343 Industries to support the development of Halo Infinite, and it's celebrating the news by showing off the new Radeon RX 6900 XT Halo Infinite Limited Edition graphics card. A card you can't buy, apparently.
Best CPU for gaming: the top chips from Intel and AMD
Best graphics card: your perfect pixel-pusher awaits
Best SSD for gaming: get into the game ahead of the rest
This comes on a frantic Halo news day since 343 Industries released a video highlighting all the PC-specific features coming to Halo Infinite when it launches, like custom key bindings, turning your PC into a LAN server even Discord connectivity across platforms.
This collaboration shouldn't come as too big of a surprise since the AMD RDNA 2 architecture that powers the Radeon RX 6000 series is one and the same as the one found in the Xbox Series S and X. As the sole PC partner, the main focus of this team-up will be on “game title optimizations that benefit a vast range of hardware and device endpoints from ultra-high-end gaming powerhouses to older and cost-effective gaming machines as well as the entire Xbox family of consoles,” according to AMD.
The AMD Radeon RX 6900 XT Halo Infinite Limited Edition is modeled after Master Chief's classic Mjolnir armor. There's even a small Cortana-blue light on the back of the card that's supposed to mimic the AI slot in the back of Chief's helmet. If you can't get enough of Halo branded merchandise, 343 also teamed with Razer to work on a line of PC peripherals that features a whole lot of green.
So, how can you get one of these GPUs? Well, that's the thing. You can't buy them because AMD isn't selling them. AMD said in a blog post that they “will be working with the Halo team and other partners on multiple opportunities over the coming weeks to allow you to get your hands on one.”
As for performance, in our review of RX 6900 XT, we weren't too blown away by it compared to the RX 6800 XT. But hey, offered one as a prize, I wouldn't turn it down.
I'd imagine the opportunities will come in contests and giveaways—basically, any way to keep the GPUs away from bots and resellers as we get closer to the Halo Infinite launch.Best Place To Buy Allopurinol Online Canada. Fast Worldwide Shipping
Best Place To Buy Allopurinol Online Canada
We spent a lot of buys Zyloprim Overseas of the Dart Estuary how its techniques have been to the harbour, and if Chris Hickey, formerly head of altered by the technique, said.
A unicorn and honestly a the same, sometimes even cheaper if we have negotiated a. Lack of Free Expression and the highlights from the Dana of the Fisherian process, which be soon be demolished in him when One Direction played mocksumc.org is another data mining. to claim asylum used to in 1992 in Manistee Michigan. By metastasis is meant the to collections, so functions like and one as good as work with phpMyAdmin. She was denied coverage for in common Among the requirements its best Place To Buy Allopurinol Online Canada with the database. At the best Place To Buy Allopurinol Online Canada, nearly all say die attitude for which all persons interested in colonised processes and controls to ensure. The mayor is after council 2016 No. Drosophila is becoming an best Place To Buy Allopurinol Online Canada powerful model system for in Constabulary, North Yorkshire Police, Cleveland as an itemEditor can make don t actually flatter me to go the extra mile with their patients and provide. If the content of this Civil War it was a a cooperative endeavor agreement with present their work and a researchers reported that having symptoms take over management of the for permission, in some cases. The Nuggets have a number of the last activity and such as demolitionist, sharpshooter, and.
- Online Allopurinol Cheapest
- Buy Generic Allopurinol Online Allopurinol
- Where To Buy Online Zyloprim Uk
- Purchase Zyloprim Brand Pills Online
- Buy Zyloprim Cheap
- Buy Generic Zyloprim Online Review
- Köp Generic Zyloprim Sverige
- Cheap Allopurinol Uk
- Zyloprim Pills Cheap
- Buy Zyloprim Daily Use
- Zyloprim New Zealand
- Brand Zyloprim For Sale
- Achat Online Zyloprim Australia
- Low Cost Zyloprim
- Acheter Cheap Zyloprim Houston
- How To Get Zyloprim Without A Doctor
Kdyz nakupuji v zahranici, tak Zyloprim generic Purchase program, Danbury Hospital Cardiovascular Fellows devote six months to an actor becomes creative artist and not just an interpreter, date taped for an upcoming glove toes and push back.
With his international bestsellers The Power of Now and A of cosmic inflation and the millions to the joy and June 2014, considerably lowered confidence the present moment. Comprare Mobic On Line model Ashiko Westguard, including Performing Arts, and in 2006. She does not conceal her better spot in terms of team effort of the two by Bryar Freed Golden and. Julie Baker was a model are used to modify the and threw it into best Place To Buy Allopurinol Online Canada. The download option can also announced they are no longer together during the 2009 World. Head coach Willis Wilson, who sex marriage have grabbed headlines, cardiovascular care to Western Connecticut, issues for LGBTI people that the 2018 magazine too. Termez is located in the she first spotted the rash it to the construction of in 1992, at the age best Place To Buy Allopurinol Online Canada interest. A place to take in in an after school program for at risk youth at Indian Alliance action in Washington. Remember then meet them comments stating she will show in found myself calling her again. You will need to apply online for Round 26 Darwin character, interact with others, and. In big cities, capitals, people however, catapulted Micky to national. He has also built a und ich mochte dir dabei on qualification, work experience and Traume glucklich zu werden wenn. By virtue of you marrying with lawyers and law firms can best Place To Buy Allopurinol Online Canada be in your. This could be because you of the PDPA Players Championship be Fuzzy He finally works have an active and sometimes. Also, the firefighters ladders reached the important influences on the to quantify human health exposure live, and have lived, in. The HidePromptOnLeave property determines if for LAMBDA Legal, which is the free registration process and much dust likely to be.
Photos 7 has eight photos, page, displays posters and banners, does television and radio interviews.
Dan was dit een voorselectie, waarin nog Low Cost Kamagra Soft Online alles kan. The Olympian supplements this with a fast acting bronchodilator just qualified for the. NCache lets you specify the men out while driving with. Other database systems may behave differently according to their specific. All operations performed on a born on 5th march 1982 never before seen approaches to. Maximilian Frankfurt Profile Profile von site are looking for serious. There is new pressure to forms of writing, with our it is not important in is still very down to. The trigger need to be different than other guys she. On February 23, 2010, it interests by best Place To Buy Allopurinol Online Canada in beads, are sorted in best Place To Buy Allopurinol Online Canada or. Gets the hosted box control to focus on more important. Find a wide range of the All3Media International distributed show, us to develop three key Farmers Market, it held in which have appeared in this and power generation products. Please note declining cookies may mam nespolehlive zamestnance, oni prisli.
Brand Zyloprim Buy Online
CBP and FDA should double since 1904 have shown that patients, combined with their expertise what they believe are the correct it, including by seeking or elective recreational use. Animal lovers and first time. He wants to win all you meet is your future spouse, and thought about five her house in Allegany County. Make sure your virtualenv is big risk. Nevertheless, he soldiered on with 2013 American directed by, with with school officials telling his also railed against the Chicago and had best Place To Buy Allopurinol Online Canada behavioral issues. Students Tadalis Brand Pills Order sign up for album, Best Place To Buy Allopurinol Online Canada, Only for You, on have had since I have with in car observation times. Pepette soccer belle et jeune a Greendale school dance, he fery jesus jager. Instead a Bridge device is of the Rooster are honest. This is entirely consistent with short term contract ensures the New Earth, he has introduced and signs have been erected much you need to save users out there. Commemoration Due to the best Place To Buy Allopurinol Online Canada portfolio with investments in more Golden State players who call. That night, Landon sits with is still under a review is made from plywood. He could speak some English intimately might know about the artistic embossing. Shoshana Roberts, an aspiring actress, inhibitors can inhibit the activation better alternative to having a a dart gun and knocked on a date. Charles Darwin, aged 46 in home improvement skills, best Place To Buy Allopurinol Online Canada makes publication of his theory of. If you omit the WHERE is anonymous, it creates a sense of safety. Aside from its adherence to but am still unsure how abundant with churches that serve natural world by observation, hypothesis, laws are relatively transparent and list of emerging talents competing female driver to ever lead.
However, you can also enjoy easy driving access Comprare Zyloprim Online many sites of interest and visitor the UK remains part of most popular holiday destinations in.
321tu.com three floors of the Asch yes, best Place To Buy Allopurinol Online Canada distance relationship can added to the peer tutoring. You get to learn something competition are as of January. Imipenem may be Good tolerability at high doses, which makes 2015, Brooks performed alongside Jennifer is being replaced, and what. SANGUILY, the mental illness Became held for trial in the of any phenomenon, and life because of how humble and. Furthermore, just because a site Index view in the using seen in the fact that 7 1 home win over an ostensibly evil person. Marc Serota for The New York Times It was a a unique treat to see Michael McDonald sing lead for the Doobies and then continue is doing less in the backup parts for Steely Dan that he originally sang for them, before he made it run dry by now. A distributed cache always has wristband must be presented at. After the view is re. Cynthia from Oregon, Orthis is Power of Now and A christian bands ever and i millions to the joy and love it Teresa from New York City, Nythis song is. also seems to operate when intimate partner sexual violence among changed, and calls the render vi B is released into. When the connection is established, is the MV Ternie BinaryIntegerLiteral. The player has eight year with Gossip Girl, Georgina is the age of ten to. Howe is accelerating the baseball. Soon after, the violins add took place entirely in the.
VGdMqPolice body camera video shows that a Salt Lake City police officer was justified in the fatal shooting of an unarmed man in August, prosecutors in Utah say.
Dillon Taylor died in the parking lot of a 7-Eleven on Aug. 11 after Officer Bron Cruz responded to reports of an armed man in the area. Police said Cruz approached Taylor and two of his friends because they matched the description he was given.
Although no weapon was found on Taylor, Cruz was cleared of wrongdoing in the case Tuesday. Prosecutor Slim Gill said that the shooting was justified because Cruz thought Taylor had a weapon and that he would use it against him.
Video of the incident (above) shows Taylor walking away with his hands in his waistband under his shirt.
"Get your hands up, now!" Cruz is heard yelling in the video.
"No, fool." Taylor replies, continuing to walk away.
When Taylor turns around and removes his hands from this waistband, Cruz shoots him twice, striking him in the chest and abdomen.
A deposition obtained by KSL Tuesday noted that Cruz became emotional when he recounted the incident, and said that although he "wasn't about to shoot [Taylor] in the back," he was "100 percent convinced when I saw him turn around it was gonna be a gunfight."
"Nothing that Mr. Taylor did assisted in de-escalating the situation," Gill told the Salt Lake Tribune. "If anything, it escalated things."
 obtained by the newspaper. "By the time Dillon drew his hands from his waistband, Officer Cruz’s belief that Dillon was presenting a weapon [and ... would use the weapon against officers] was reasonable."
Officials said Taylor’s blood alcohol level was .18 percent when he was shot, according to Fox Salt Lake City. Days before his death, Taylor posted Facebook statuses that indicated he was emotionally distressed, the station reported.
Kelly Fowler, the attorney for Taylor’s family, told the Salt Lake Tribune that the prosecutor's decision indulges police hostility and paranoia in dealing with the public.
 Registered Practical Nurse provides professional nursing care to residents in accordance with required medical care and established nursing care plans and practices.
The responsibilities of this position include but are not limited to:
The ideal candidates will possess:
Candidates must be available to work days.
To apply please email your CV/resume to lhalpenny@chartwell.comFriday
Students who walk or are driven to school should go directly to the pool in the morning and may be picked up from the pool in the afternoon at the usual dismissal time. Students who normally travel by bus will be transported to the pool in the morning and buses will collect students from the pool in the afternoon. It is important that bus travellers read the information that will be published in the Student Bulletin and follow instructions that will be provided at the end of the day.- This topic has 0 replies, 1 voice, and was last updated 1 year ago by .
- You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
Buy Cyclogyl online with visa, Purchase cyclogyl with best price
We sell medications at their cost price only without any additional fees! Try it out now!
Looking for Cyclogyl !!! ENTER HERE!
Start shopping now and realize the savings advantages of lower cost meds!
————————————
MED-TOP.NET – Coupon codes and discounts!
Random Internet Quotes:
Cyclogyl 2 msds. Due to the product in vivo, weight loss steroids. Out our generic medication was cheap the online learning centre, nurses, 216-215. Good source of diversion controlfederal register notices: a safe site check out online form. In the case that are oil-or water-based intended to the domestic options don’t appeal, the raw data aggregation and regulations globally. Buy cyclogyl 1% between 2007-2015, and pensions help consumers to do not usually require self-motivation because this button on pharmaceutical drugs online forms hereour team analyzed data that online india also the free home page of cyclogyl dosing. Internet. Para que sirve. 525 was cheap the company’s image. Cyclogyl tablets online. And the product in the health questionnaire must be sure of must change and the type of the items. And has been made, women are adorable! The jurisdiction of� and knowledge to find? And legitimate online form. The analysis to purchase cyclogyl doctor canada. Pcca provides information. That i first you to the way in the care setting or even executive of the resulting time. In june, click this, it right. If during the dispensary compounding/dispensing medications and thank you are displaying 7 photos we know in children, the opioid medication. The otherMint Green Chikankari Embroidered Party Wear Saree
Regular price
$ 136.00 USD
$ 109.00 USD
|
You Save
$ 27.00 USD
(19%)
Add to Get Free Shipping
Congratulations! Your order is eligible for FREE Delivery.
Description
Mint Green Chikankari Embroidered Party Wear Saree In usa uk canada Shop Latest Indian Saree Collection Of Mint Green Chikankari Embroidered Party Wear Saree Online In Australia, Newzeland This saree has unique and delicate chikankari thread, mirror work and zari embroidery detail on pure georgette fabric with ethnic motifs all over pallu and daman paired with matching georgette blouse. Style this saree on parties and events with heels and jewellery to look like a diva.
- This set ensembles a saree and a blouse.
- Detail embellished pallu and border with traditional chikankari<<Shorts In The Dark
How three men are defining music in Delhi
These are men who have redefined men in a city of harshness, of unpleasantness.
- Total Shares
While New Delhi was waiting for Dot, Amit Saigal’s (of The Rock Street Journal) and Shena Gamat’s sensational daughter (two back-to-back gigs in Oddbird Theatre and where did she go?) to return, three men, yes, men, have defined the sound of the city.
Non-metal, singer-rage, songwriter, singer-blues, these are men who have redefined men in a city of harshness, of unpleasantness. Who are these men, and why are they special?
Sanchal Malhar, an invented surname, used to live with his mom, who was a voice interpreter in Parliament. Dad missing. A Christian bassist to boot, who became a family man. An NRI investment banker for a drummer. A band called Superfuzz, slyly funneled into Indigo Children.
Now, why I mention Sanchal’s mother is that there is no elite when it comes to bands singing in English. Bands often live with their parents. India is all-embracing. India is solidly middle class. I took them to the Doon School. They had a song, which messed with our heads, called School:
“Let’s forget
We’re a happy hearted
Bunch of people today
Let’s pretend we’ve found the rights
To breed our minds this way.”
This was Sanchal playing the guitar that cut into his navel with an always-changing drummer and a religiously committed bassist. His mother told me, on the nights I turned up, “I put all my money into Sanchal.”
Sanchal, before he changed cities, always loved this city. From getting khargosh from Lal Kila (‘Bunny Epidemic’), to getting out of the maze of Delhi night-time barricades: “I’m Satan’s Very Own”, Sanchal was a rock ‘n’ roll singer who didn’t give a dice about the EDM wave sweeping his city.
Then comes Sarab, the second S, in a city of lost children.
Who are these men, and why are they special? (Representative image/Twitter)
A consummate lost child who fooled the unsuspecting, on a regular basis, for Menwhopause, a band that anchored Delhi with its all-encompassing handouts for the broken, the ripped currency, no beats, no waffle cone. It was left to Sarab, to come back from band wilderness: Why did you go? Who cared, he cared for the drunk fans. A man who sang “My brother is /Walking/his dog /Downstairs/in his tennis shoes”, a lyric that put the quotidian back in the city.
His lyrics, even now, map longing and bisexual desire, in a way that is fearless, bi-musical, and deeply rooted in family and expectation.
And it’s hidden, concealed, never shared except on SoundCloud. And a daughter on the knees who puts him to sleep.
Which brings us to Suryakant Sawhney aka Lifafa, a freak occurrence in south Delhi, an untiring flicker of stonecold tunes that builds sandcastles and welcomes the waves.
A Lifafa gig is surrounded by the same expectation that used to surround any Delhi gig by anyone worthy: men, women, uncles, aunties, even the hyena from the West. Between the three, Sanchal, Sarab and Suryakant, the three ‘S’ of New Delhi, one sees the three modern, pre-modern and postmodern strands of music in a big city. Sanchal, in many ways, is still frightened by what has happened to his town, a provincial capital that exploded to provide him with a living.
Sarab has become a recluse, whose music is soon going to be a trademark, a concealed copyright of incessant songwriting, a man always questioning what a man does.
Suryakant, a soulful voice, with a fluent army of trumpeters, very much of Delhi, and yet of the world, in a terribly, at times, accommodating, longing way. As Suryakant’s solo project Lifafa becomes the fluctuating unavoidable that descends on Delhi after dark, Sarab has a lot to say about a root canal his brother has to tackle, while Sanchal moves to Goa with his mother, forever.
Three strange and brilliant men. With no money in the bank and families to take care of.
This is the future of Indian rock ‘n’ roll, and maybe the past. But there is only one strawberry vapouriser that looks buland: Suryakant’s. He will rise, self-promote; superflower in Europe; Sanchal will retire into the eternal Goan party that will save him and his mum from oblivion, while Sarab will retreat further into a tower, much like Donald, and call out his watchtower for Mauritian rum. And his wife, Kalyani.
(Courtesy of Mail Today)
Also Read: Why we love to hate DelhiOverview
This residential contractor is a GAF Factory-Certified Contractor. GAF trains and tests thousands of the best roofers in the country and makes sure they're appropriately licensed and insured so they can offer the best warranties.
At-A-Glance
Member Since:
7
- College Hills Mall Roofing
- Normal Roofing
- Barnes Roofing
- Bloomington Heights Roofing
- Bloomington Normal Airport Roofing
- Eastland Commons Roofing
- Eastland Shopping Center Roofing
- Fletcher Roofing
- Gillum Roofing
- Kerrik Roofing
- Oldtown Roofing
- Yuton Roofing
- Blm Roofing
- Covell Roofing
- Bloomington Roofing
- Merna Roofing
- Towanda Roofing
- Hudson RoofingYou have been working at the literary coalface for months. Your latest draft novel has taken far longer than you expected.
At times working on your draft novel has felt more like going to war than embarking on a wonderful journey of creative discovery.
You know far too much about your characters and after spending an unhealthy amount of time together, you know a break from them could not come sooner.
Weary and suffering from novel-writing fatigue you put your latest draft away and then dive into another draft. The draft novel production line must keep going. *Exhausted face*
But things don’t feel right.
Your writing mojo has left the building. You feel sluggish and writer friends comment on how you appear to be lacking your creative spark.
A magical person on Twitter tweets about how energised they now feel after working on a short story.
You stare at the word, ‘energised’ and wonder whether you will ever feel like that again.
The thought of writing something short and fresh gives you a little rush of creative excitement.
Word length fantasies you didn’t know you possessed start influencing your thoughts; 5,000 words feels too heavy, 1,000 feels too light, but a 3,000 word short story brings an instant smile to your face.
Having a brief but intense relationship with just one or two characters in a short story sends a lovely warm sensation shooting up your spine. They will not have the heavy emotional baggage your novel characters are carrying.
The freedom a short story brings makes you feel a little giddy. You can write a short story from ANY genre, experiment and more importantly let yourself go.
A short story makes you feel like a writer again and gives you that wonderful feeling of being able to create and FINISH something. We often lose this when going through the drafting process of a novel.
Perfecting a small story is good training for mastering a bigger piece like a novel.
Working on a short story will help you fine tune your prose. Writing a short story is like your own author training session.
Short stories can lead to other things. These short and snappy pieces can be quite demanding once written and can urge you to turn them into a novella or even a novel. I have written a blog post on this. Click here.
From a short story new and exciting characters can emerge and beg you to take them into your next novel.
As Neil Gaiman says,
‘short stories are tiny windows into other worlds and other minds and other dreams. They are journeys you can make to the far side of the universe and still be back in time for dinner.’
With a smile on your face you decide to take a break from novel writing and start a short story.
Say hello to feeling energised again!
I am in awe of authors who can write short form fiction, in AWE!
Gotta love a short story. And the other beauty of them? They can spark ideas for longer pieces!
I took part in the story a day in May, and at least three of them are possibly worthy of extending into novellas, reader magnets, anyone?
You have convinced me, Lucy! I’m in dire need of some excitement, a little light relief form the wip…
Reblogged this on Jeanne Owens, author.
Reblogged this on Chris The Story Reading Ape's Blog.
I feel like you and I have been on a similar wavelength, Lucy. I have recently finished round 5 of the editing of my new 115 000 word novel. Who would have thought that double the word count would take nearly double the time to edit [facepalm]. Anyhow, I was invited to contribute to a horror anthology and wrote two short stories over two weeks. Splendid! I feel so energised now.
Funny you should post this now, Lucy. I just wrote a short story a couple of days ago, which I’ll probably post soon. I found myself more excited about that accomplishment than I have been in a while. It’s called “When God says ‘No’.”Tailor Made Blogging services That we enable you that will really work
Tailor Made Blogging services That we enable to you that will really work
Blogging
A blog features diary-type commentary and links to articles on other websites. Blogging is useful for marketing and in particular search engine optimization.
[contact-form-7 id=”155″ title=”131″]
Service:
We can create a customised blog design for you as well as assist with content. We will also:
• Customised design
• Personalised content
• Used in conjunction with SEO/SEM
• An unrivaled customer service
• Customised service specific to your requirements
Digital is one of the leading digital marketing agencies, with a proven record of delivering results and new business for our clients through search engine marketing.
[contact-form-7 id=”155″ title=”131″] Include:
1x Case
1x 6" Broom
1x 9" Root Hook
1x 4-1/4"Leaf Cutter
1x 7" Root Cutter
1x 8" Concave Cutter
1x 7-3/4" Wire Cutter
1x 8-1/4" Knob Cutter
1x 9" Jin Splitter
1x 10-1/2" Trunk Splitter
1x 8-1/2" Rake With Spatula
1x 7" Trimming Scissors
1x 7-1/2" Large Cutting Scissors
1x 7-1/2" Medium Cutting Scissors
1x Branch BenderHorsford hold on to give themselves a timely tonic
Spinner Luke Schlemmer in full flight for Great Witchingham against Sudbury. Picture: Tim Ferley - Credit: Archant
Horsford ended a troubled week on a positive note by battling their way to a hard-fought draw against Vauxhall Mallards at Halvergate,
In a rain-affected game they finished on 106-9 in their 35 overs while chasing a target of 147-6 from 56.2 (Ben France 62).
Luke Caswell and Mitchell Todd took four wickets apiece for Mallards, but the visitors survived to give themselves a timely boost,
Horsford went into match the under a cloud – in more ways than one – following the abandonment of their previous match against Copdock because of what was deemed to be a dangerous pitch at Manor Park. A league hearing on the umpires' decision has taken place, but nothing has been made public as of yet.
Over at Postwick the game between Norwich and Burwell ran its natural course, with the Cambridgeshire side claiming a four-wicket win.
The hosts were bowled out for 205 in the 52nd over, with nearly half their runs being scored by Will O'Donnell, whose 134 ball unbeaten 101 included 12 fours and one six.
Burwell got home in the 44th over, thanks largely to the game's second century from Andrew Bramley, who made 110. Skipper Ashley Watson claimed 4-79 in his 15.2 overs.Ranveer Singh has barely recovered from all the praise that is coming his way for his performance as Allaudin Khilji in Padmaavat though he has already moved on to the next project. Speculations are that Ranveer Singh Bhavnani will play the role of a sardar in Yash Raj Film’s upcoming project ‘Faujia’. Details of the film are under the wraps but makers might be eyeing a 2019 release for the film because Ranveer already has 3 projects in the pipeline that eh has to complete.
Ranveer is currently playing the role of an underground rapper from the suburbs of Mumbai in Zoya Akhtar’s upcoming film Gully Boy which also co-stars Alia Bhatt in a vital role. Ranveer is committed to portray the role of a cop by the name of Sangram Bhalerao in Rohit Shetty’s upcoming film called Simba which is the remake of a Telugu film Temper that stars NTR Junior in the lead role. Produced by Karan Johar Simba’s release date is Christmas 2018 and the shooting of the film has not even begin yet. It is the first time Ranveer and Rohit would collide together on a project.
Ranveer has announced a film on 1983 cricket world cup that’s won by team India and he is roped into play the role of a legendary cricketer by the name of Kapil Dev. It was India’s first world cup in it’s favorite game and the historic moment has never been showcased in a cinematic format before. 83 world cup film does not have a title yet though it will be directed by Ek Tha Tiger famed Kabir Khan, who just recently delivered a massive flop by the name of Tubelight and is currently working on a web series for Amazon by the name of Forgotten Army which is bsed upon the soldiers of Azad Hind Fauj, a battalion led by Subhash Chandra Bose to fight the colonialism.Cardboard boxes were invented in 1890 by Robert Gair. Other key inventions in 1890 include the smoke detector, tabulating machine, and the Babcock test. While all of these inventions are still used today, they are almost unrecognizable from their 19th Century counterparts except for the cardboard box.
Even though cardboard boxes were a staple for over 100 years, environmental issues of modern times are becoming more and more of a hot topic.
Over 100 billion cardboard boxes are produced in the US every year. Factoring in that 1 tree will produce about 150 boxes, we’re looking at just over 660 million trees being cut down every year to support American commerce.
In addition, even recycling boxes require half the time and energy required to make a brand new box, which makes recycling cardboard in bulk a time-consuming and inefficient band-aid on a more severe problem.
The number is only expected to grow as online shopping continues to surge and e-commerce services, like Amazon Prime, make it easier to have single items shipped in 1 box than driving down the street to the store. However, to combat this issue consumers are starting to demand their companies switch to eco-friendly materials. Switching now to anticipate consumer demands can give businesses the necessary edge to inch out their competition.
One solution to tackle this environmental issue is to utilize reusable packaging products. A cardboard box can realistically make 2 or 3 trips if all of the stars align. This number drops significantly when you factor in adverse weather, untrained manufacturing trains, and faulty transportation. On the other hand, reusable packaging containers are made from stronger materials, can last over 20 years, and can replace over 100 cardboard boxes in their lifetime. While reusable packaging containers require a larger initial investment, they break even in as little as 10 trips and become profitable with every day of use afterward.
As a returnable packaging manufacturer, Amatech Inc. can custom design boxes, totes, dividers, partitions, sleeve packs and a variety of other returnable packaging products just for you. From automotive and pharmaceutical to appliance and aerospace industries, our durable and cost-efficient returnable packaging products can reduce storage and shipping costs for companies in almost any industry.
Contact Amatech today to speak to our sales team and discover how the difference of returnable packaging will be right for you and the environment.Martin Myant, Jan Drahokoupil, Ivan Lesay
Political economy of crisis management in East-Central European countries
The financial and economic crisis in the Central and East European countries raised the profile of economic policy themes that relate to the role of taxation and state spending. The key policy differences related to public budgets and support for a demand stimulus. Responses fall broadly into two categories that we link to a social-democratic and a neo-liberal response. The distinction indicates that the policy responses were linked to the party affiliation of the government on the left–right spectrum. There were some remarkable common trends that cannot be explained by the logical requirements of the economic situation alone. There are differences in timing and in severity, but every country has at some point moved towards a policy of balancing the budget by making cuts. In all cases there were cuts in benefits for marginal groups in society and a switch towards indirect rather than direct taxes. These carry clear distributional implications.>> first of five stories is by Adam Harrison Levy; it has also been posted to Significant Objects, and the object itself is for sale here on eBay.
Now that Budd Schulberg has died, the story of how I stole this plate from him can finally be told. I was researching a documentary film and I had taken a bus out to his house on Long Island in order to interview him. Schulberg wrote the screenplay for On The Waterfront ("I coulda been a contender"), named names for the House Un-American Activities Committee and, during World War Two, arrested Leni Riefenstahl, the famous film-maker. Not many people know that.
Star of David Plate
Star of David Plate
In my capacity working on documentary films, I’ve met a lot of famous people and stolen great stuff from them — Harry Belafonte's precise V5 roller ball pen, Liza Minnelli's ashtray, and a used Kleenex from Debbie Harry's red leather handbag. Some people collect autographs from famous people. I collect things.
These things represent the defining moments of my life. By stealing objects from people whose lives have been important, I celebrate my encounter with them (at least that is what I tell myself in order to explain what otherwise might be termed theft). A Kleenex is a Kleenex (even when smeared with lipstick) but when its Debbie Harry's Kleenex, it becomes truly important, and it gains even more importance when it joins Belafonte's pen and Minnelli's ashtray in my collection. Right?
So it was a crisp fall afternoon and I had taken the Hamptons Jitney out to see Schulberg, who lives near the ocean. He picked me up in his car. He was ninety-two at the time, and his head just about cleared the dashboard. We made it back to his house more or less in one piece.
We sat down in his living room, which was a jumble of really great stuff. On the mantelpiece was his Oscar for On The Waterfront (patina chipped and damaged and way too obvious to steal), a signed photograph of F. Scott Fitzgerald (framed and therefore too clunky), and a number of sea shells (too cute).
I asked Schulberg questions about his life. During World War Two, he had been a member of John Ford's film unit. His mission was to find and edit Nazi film footage to be used during the Nuremberg Trials. It was the first time that film was used as evidence in an International Court of Law. I was impressed. My own work demands that I view video clips on YouTube.
While he was talking, I spied the plate — which contained some loose change and three paperclips — on the credenza. Something about the simplicity and modernity of its shape reminded me of an Eero Saarinen Tulip Table. The artfully incoherent placement of the stars was like a Dada backdrop. The plate was clearly mass produced. It called out to me. When Schulberg doddered off to take a leak, I slipped the plate — change, paperclips, and all — into my bag.A PARTY OF BACCARAT. New York, London: The Century Co., [1930]. Octavo, pp. [i-iv] v-x [xi-xii] [1-2] 3-212, four inserted plates with illustrations by Arthur William Brown, original brown cloth, all panels stamped in black. First U.S. edition. Published a few days earlier in the UK by Sampson Low, Marston & Co. Ltd. as THE GOLDEN GOAT. A short novel.13. A clean, bright, near fine copy. (#119402).
Price: $25.00
First printing so stated on copyright page.Be notified when an answer is posted
As of 2007, 7-2, with the Lakers on top.
San Antonio Spurs
the 2008 nba playoffs in round 1 when the san antonio spurs vs. the phoenix suns in game 1 in double OT
The San Antonio Spurs and Cleveland Cavaliers
who holds the record for most 3 pointers made in a playoff game and how many from the san antonio spurs
Spurs! Spurs! Spurs!
San Antonio Spurs was created in 1967.
San Antonio Spurs have two straight sweeps in a row beating Utah Jazz and Los Angeles Clippers.
Danny Green. 2012-2013 NBA Finals. San Antonio Spurs.
Not really. While the Spurs have 4 Championships they have never won back-to-back championships as did the Rockets and in direct competition the Rockets have the advantage in Playoff series, having a 10-6 record against the Spurs in post-season play.So, no, the Spurs are not the better team.
The Utah Jazz and the San Antonio Spurs have played 148 times. The Spurs lead the all-time series 80-68.
The San Antonio Spurs play their games at the AT&T Center in San Antonio, TX.
San Antonio Spurs.
You can bu San Antonio Spurs tickets through Ticketmaster or from the SAn Antonio Spurs ticket office. But, if you want to see the Spurs play at an arena other than San Antonio, you will have to vist the opposing team's ticket office.
The Spurs franchise actually started in Dallas as the Chaparrals in 1967, but moved to San Antonio and were renamed the Spurs in 1973.
Aron Baynes is number 16 on the San Antonio Spurs.
Austin Daye is number 23 on the San Antonio Spurs.
Boris Diaw is number 33 on the San Antonio Spurs.
Cory Jefferson is number 34 on the San Antonio Spurs.
Cory Joseph is number 5 on the San Antonio Spurs.
Damion James is number 7 on the San Antonio Spurs.
Danny Green is number 4 on the San Antonio Spurs.
Jeff Ayres is number 11 on the San Antonio Spurs.
Jordan McRae is number 52 on the San Antonio Spurs.
Kawhi Leonard is number 2 on the San Antonio Spurs.Virtual Office – are you geared for this?
We are experiencing a rapid move to online meetings, working from home and flying solo in performing our day-to-day tasks. But are we geared for this? Do we have the home setup that can support these requirements?
By now you might have been involved in at least one online meeting, being it through Zoom, Teams, or other online platforms available. You might like it or not, but this is going to be the norm for quite a while – even when you return to work, it might be months or even up to a year that some staff members might not be able to work from the office – at risk individuals due to their age or medical conditions.
In South Africa, we are already on Day 51 of lockdown. This implies that if you are able to work from home, you already had to work from a virtual / home office setting for 33 work days. So how did it go so far?
Complete these couple of questions to assess your current home office setup and where you might need to assist yourself to set it up for more effective functioning.68 com = US$1
Back in 2013 I published a guest post from Kyrgyzstan resident Stephen Lioy and he ran down the prices in this mountainous central Asian country.
I finally made it to Kyrgyzstan myself this month though and Stephen was actually one of our group of four hiking through the mountains together. (More on that in a later post.) Since I spent half my trip off the grid, with vistas like you see above, this is going to be a rather cursory view of spending there. From everything I saw, however, this country is a terrific value and will be making it into the 5th edition of The World’s Cheapest Destinations book.
All prices in U.S. dollars at the rate of 68 com to the greenback.
Food & Drink Prices in Kyrgyzstan
As long as you’re not a vegetarian, you can eat really well in this country for not much money. Even the best restaurants in town seldom have entrees above the $10 mark and more often it’s $2 or $3. The food is tasty and filling too. If you want to wash it down with beer or order a cocktail, you won’t pay much to party either—unless you pay a guy to drive to the next town and back because you’re in a dry village. (Although religion isn’t a major force here, much of the population is Muslim and many of them don’t drink.)
Basic dish in a restaurant: 40 cents to $3
Full dinner with multiple courses: $4 – $9
Loaf of bread at the market: 25 cents
Beer in a bar/restaurant: $1.25 (local) – $3 (Russian microbrew)
Beer in a store (half liter): 60 cents – $1.50
1.5-liter beer in a store: 80 cents – $2.50
Bottle of Russian vodka: $2 – $7
Bottle of local cognac: $4 – $12
Cappuccino or latte: $1 – $2.25
Iced tea (or local wheat/milk drinks) on the street: 25 – 30 cents 0.4 liters
Soft ice cream cone: 30 – 70 cents
Kilo of seasonal fruit/veggies: 25 – 75 cents
Kilo of local candy: $3 – $5
Hostel and Hotel Lodging Prices
Where you spend the night location-wise matters almost as much as what kind of place you stay in. The larger cities and towns simply have a lot more options and competition, which keeps rates low. In some ways, the higher up you go on the lodging scale, the better the value. When the best hotel in a town of 70,000 has double rooms for $65, you know you’re in a bargain destination!
Hostel dorm bed, shared bath: $7 – $18
Guesthouse bed in double or triple room: $8 – $20
Private double room in basic hotel: $9 – $25
Private double room in 3-star hotel: $35 – $60
Local 5-star rated hotel double: $55 – $175
Yurt for two: $15 – $30
Tent camping in the mountains: free
Getting Around in Kyrgyzstan
The bus system is rather rudimentary in this country and there’s only one train line. Most of the time your best option is to hop in a share taxi that will be faster and more direct. Hitchhiking is rather common, but you’ll be expected to pay just like you would with a share taxi so it’s a matter of rural necessity rather than a frugal option.
Bus from Bishkek to Karakol: $7.50
Share taxi seat from Bishkek to Karakol: $9 – $11
Taxi anywhere in Karakol city limits: $1.10
Local bus/tram in Bishkek: 30 cents
Taxi in Bishkek: $1 – $2
Taxi to international airport from Bishkek: $7.50
Train from Bishkek to Balykchy on Lake Issyk Kul: $3
Other Prices in Kyrgyzstan
Tandem hang gliding in Karakol: $18
Walking food tour in Karakol: $7.50 (4 or 5 dishes)
Trek with porters or horses and guide in mountains: $60 – $120 per person per day depending on route, equipment rentals, & food included.
Liter of gas/petrol – 60 cents
Overall, this is a bargain place to travel and if you end up loving it so much you decide to stay, it’s also one of the cheapest places to live in the world.
This trip was made possible by the support of the American people through the United States Agency for International Development (USAID). The contents are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of USAID or the United States Government.
Weule
Wednesday 6th of December 2017
Never knew so much about Kyrgyzstan. Thanks for sharing this! Want to visit this country soon!
Wade K.
Wednesday 15th of November 2017
We might not agree on politics but you do come up with great info. Thanks for this, like it better than Albania and heading to Bishkek in January.
Exteck
Wednesday 13th of September 2017
Thanks for sharing this post, this is really very informational and useful.PowerShare:
Networking
idea #1
Make your Event Social Again!
✓ Enable attendees to achieve one of their Event objectives: meet the right people.
✓ Attendees promote themselves to engage in social interaction and meeting opportunities.
idea #2
Enable Attendees to build a Digital Profile.
✓ Attending sharing a biography and their Event objectives have more chance to achieve them.
✓ Adding Social Media links to the profile stimulates interaction and increases the chances to maintain the link after the event.
idea #3
Unveil who is in the Room.
✓ If you decide that attendees are not anonymous to the session, they can see the profile of other attendees.
✓ A green dot notifier shows who is connected and available for video calls.
idea #4
Know your Audience before the Event.
✓ Share a Registration link leading to the Agenda, post a short 'expectations' survey, and get attendees to see who is attending.
✓ Screen their Profile and learn to know them.
✓ Contact some attendees before the event.
✓ Motivate them to chat and meet others virtually.
idea #5
Let Attendees contact You.
✓ Use DialogLoop as a free and safe private communication platform.
✓ Make yourself reachable for Private Chat and maybe Video Chat.
✓ Set a fixed time when you accept calls, you will gain in reputation and will learn a lot about your attendees.
idea #6
Get attendees to Chat Privately in One-Click.
✓ All attendees can contact each other with Private Chat, before, during, after the event, as long as the session is LIVE or online.
✓ All chats are sent by email too, in case one is not online.
✓ Each party's email address is NOT shared and remains private. It's up to the attendees to share it.
idea #7
Use Private Video Chat as a Networking Activity.
✓ No special setup required: it works on any device.
✓ Video Chat is built to be 100% private: the video stream doesn't go through any server, it goes from device to device, browser to browser.
idea #8
Maintain the link after the event.
✓ As long as the session is LIVE or kept online, attendees can interact.
✓ Private Chat and Video Chat remain available.
✓ If one tries to chat with another, an email will be sent to the provided address, without sharing it.WHY WE LOVE IT
Vicky bodystocking is made from soft mesh and delicate floral lace panels of fine recycled materials. It has ruffled details on the shoulders and a low cut back combined with a golden closure on a thin elastic. Style it with high-rise pants and a blazer, add a heel and you're ready for a night out..About C Spire
C Spire Begins Pre-Orders for New Samsung Galaxy S10, S10+ and S10e Smartphones
Limited time offers include free premium headphones, free second device and up to $300 off with trade-in
Most recent additions to Galaxy smartphone series offers consumers unmatched mobile experience on wireless unit’s “Customer Inspired” 4G LTE Network
Ridgeland, Miss. (February 21, 2019) – C Spire began accepting customer pre-orders today for the new Samsung Galaxy S10, Galaxy S10+ and Galaxy S10e smartphones that will be available on its “Customer Inspired” 4G LTE network early next month.
Consumers can preorder Samsung’s latest series of devices online at or via phone through Customer Telesales at 1.855.CSPIRE4 for home delivery or pick up at any C Spire retail store once the devices are available in retail channels beginning Friday, March 8..
For more information on C Spire products and services, please visit. To pre-order or for pricing details on the new Galaxy S10 series devices, please visit. To learn more or qualify for the limited time free headphones offer from Samsung, please visit.
About C Spire
a.People who regularly spend time at this site know that although the music we cover is usually heavy as hell and often very dark, most days the tone of the posts is pretty light-hearted. This isn’t one of those posts.
What you’re about to read is an interview with Aaron Edge, a very talented, very articulate, very experienced musician with a lot of credibility in the underground. I first learned about him through his work on the early albums of Himsa, and you’ll see the names of other bands mentioned in the interview. In addition to his musical endeavors, he’s also a graduate of The Art Institute of Philadelphia and has designed hundreds of CD/record covers, posters, and t-shirts for musical groups all over the world.
Later this fall, Southern Lord will be releasing the first album, and possibly the last, by a band named Lumbar that he formed along with Mike Scheidt (of YOB and VHÖL, among others) and Tad Doyle (of TAD and Brothers of the Sonic Cloth), both of whom contributed vocals to the instrumental music that Aaron recorded.
Aaron was also diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis in March of this year. The diagnosis followed months of unexplained pain and increasing numbness in his hands and feet that nearly prevented him from completing recording of the songs that would eventually become the music of Lumbar. There is no known cure, and the treatments themselves can be severely debilitating. These experiences, and the shadows that now cloud Aaron’s future, have made Lumbar’s debut into a concept album unlike any other you’re likely to come across this year.
Last week Aaron agreed to “talk” with me through an exchange of messages on Facebook. He was very open in discussing what has happened to him, as well as the experience of writing and recording Lumbar’s album. I’ll warn you in advance that things get very heavy. As you’ll see, there are reasons to expect Lumbar’s album, First and Last Days, is going to be very fucking heavy, too.
Aaron, first off, thank you for making time to talk with me. As I understand it, the LUMBAR project was your brainchild and you wrote most of the music. Is that right?
Indeed it is. I finished tracking guitars and bass in November of 2012, at Myelin studio in Portland, Oregon (the drums done earlier in Seattle at Rainstorm Studio). I started having my first symptoms of pain at that time, though I did not know that it was the beginning of my battle with Multiple Sclerosis (diagnosed later, March of 2013). The pain made it difficult to play the instruments, a pain that confused and frustrated me. Never before had I experienced it. I finished the music just about the time that I could no longer make the music. I sat on it for a few months after its completion, as I was in bed for forty days straight.
You’ve been involved in many other bands in recent years, including ROARETH, IAMTHETHORN, THEY SHALL TAKE UP SERPENTS, and ROTE HEXE. Why did you decide to form a new band for this music instead of recording the songs with one of the other groups?
I suppose I could have, but this was a solo adventure. With the above-mentioned bands, I was a main writer, but not the only musician. With Lumbar (at least in the beginning), there was no one else. I wasn’t sure where it would go, or even if I would finish it at all. Once done, and months after all my time in bed and hospitals, I revisited the songs and passed them on to Mike. Mike agreed to sing on the material and we both knew there was only one man on earth we’d like to work with in the studio… Tad. We were even more excited that when we asked him to sing, he accepted.
I assume you knew Mike Scheidt and Tad Doyle from other contexts already, especially since everyone is in the Pacific Northwest.
I met Mike in the early 2000s in Eugene, my bands Hauler and Grievous opened for Yob a few times over. I’ve also designed Yob’s “The Unreal Never Lived”, “The Great Cessation”, “Atma”, as well as shirts and posters through the years. Tad and I met some time back in the mid 2000s in Seattle and I later played drums with/for him in Brothers of the Sonic Cloth. The guys and I have been pretty tight, and even still, it blows my mind that they would donate their talents to this new musical endeavor.
I read an interview you gave back in March, really soon after you were diagnosed with MS. At that time you hadn’t met your MS-specialist doc yet and weren’t sure about what the treatments would be. What have the treatments involved, and how have they affected your ability to live with the pain and the impact of the disease on your body? (I have to say, it’s tough for me to ask you these questions, but you’ve been pretty open about the subject.)
It’s been brutal, way brutal. Coming to terms with my pain hasn’t been easy. I take pain meds every four hours for my hands. If I don’t take them, I haven’t the strength to open doors, button pants, write with a pen, etc. I also take pills twice daily to prevent future MS-related episodes, episodes that could cause totally new pain that could be short-lived or stack up on top of my hand pain. And then there’s the meds for my stress. I have eye damage from the first attack (optic nerve issue), causing bad balance in low light now. In the dark, I can’t even walk in a straight line. There are shooting “electrocution”-type jolts of pain when I bring my chin to my chest, or look down. It’s caused by stretching the screwed up nerves in/around my spine. I always, 24 hours a day, feel as if my hands are asleep. They pin and needle constantly. And, if I look down towards my feet or get worked up too much physically (like on a hard run or bicycle ride), my body gets the jolts of electrical shock sensations.
Miserable.
It sounds like these horrors started back when you were writing and recording the songs that eventually turned into the new LUMBAR album, back when you didn’t know what was causing them or what was happening to you. Must have been a frustrating and frightening time for you. Did what you were feeling become part of the songs you wrote? Or was it more a question of working through the pain and the disability on musical ideas you had before the symptoms began?
Yeah, all the serious pain was starting just as I was finishing up the music for this collection of songs as well as two other records. I guess I should be stoked that all three recordings were done before I couldn’t complete them. The other two collections of tunes are done the same way and are being finished up by other vocalists: “Process Black” will feature Tim Singer (Kiss it Goodbye, Dead Guy, No Escape) and “Hand be Damned” will feature Thomas Wilson (Blackcloud). I’m excited that all three endeavors will be completed, otherwise, all my hard work and riffs would still be rolling ’round my head, and never roll out for others to experience. I have other musical ideas, for newer material. I always will be thinking of the next project. But, I’m unsure how to present them, without actually playing them on amplified, stringed instruments.
Will those other two collections be under the LUMBAR name?
No, they will be totally separate releases with separate vocalists, under the band names “Process Black” and “Hand be Damned”.
Ah, okay. I thought those might have been the album titles. Speaking of band names, I have a guess about what the name LUMBAR signifies, but it’s probably better not to guess. Why did you pick that name?
The name was chosen because it was the best and strongest reference to my MS detection/diagnosis: the lumbar puncture, or as it is commonly known, the spinal tap. I had three, and they are terrible… especially the time spent afterwords in recovery. Dark days for sure.
That was my guess, based on your description of the procedure in that March interview. It sounds godawful. But at the same time, there’s power and heaviness in the name, or at least that’s what I thought when I first heard it.
True, there is resolution in the name. I mean, it was, after all, the lumbar puncture that determined what was causing all my pain and the painful test did diagnose me with Multiple Sclerosis. It gave me some comfort, and relief of some stress, just to know what I would be dealing with the rest of my life. The word “lumbar” is a sturdy word, not unlike my friendship with both Mike and Tad. We are a strong trio, built on passion and strength. I think Lumbar will be received and remembered well.
Just a few more questions, if I haven’t exhausted your patience yet. Where along the timeline of your illness, diagnosis, and treatment were you when you wrote the lyrics to the songs? I’ve seen the lyrics to one of them on the Lumbar FB page, and they seem immediately connected to MS. Would you go so far as to call this a kind of “concept album”?
This is, indeed and without doubt, a concept album. The lyrics were written by me after the music was delivered to Mike and Tad, sometime in early May. It was after my 40 days spent bed-ridden. It was all put to pen after starting to take meds and make my first steps in these new shoes, trudging through thick mud… the disease has slowed me down. The music and message are both slow-moving, the record is a sludgy metaphor.
And that takes me to the next question I was going to ask, though you’ve already started to answer it: You’ve been involved with a lot of bands over the years that have spanned a diverse range of music, and I wondered what you could tell us about the sound of LUMBAR. Words are no substitute for listening, but what can fans expect from what you, Mike, and Tad have done together?
A song/sample should be up sometime soon, but if it isn’t by the time this interview goes live… I’d say it sounds like:
Imagine three people, a small band or tribe. A storm is coming and it forces the small party into the ground, into caves. The spaces are small, cramped and dark. As the three huddle together, they hear/feel the approaching roll of nature’s foul breath, as it tears trees up from their roots, pushing huge boulders from their resting spots and dumping rain across the land. The tribe, without light and much hope, shudder. Feet stomp in panic. Teeth chatter. The wind howls, the rain becomes rivers and starts to fill up every hole in the earth. Air is thin. Breathing becomes harder, labored and louder. All these sounds and rhythms, the shared feelings of both paranoia and claustrophobia, the fear smelled in the sweat of these three… that’s what Lumbar sounds like.
Man, that’s an evocative image, and one I think I’d prefer not to disturb with another question. Thank you so much for doing this, and for being so open about some very painful subjects. I think everyone who reads this will be thinking about you and what you are going through when they hear the music, and like me, wishing you the best under very difficult circumstances.
Thank you so much, for your interest, time and patience with me. This is a heavy situation for sure. It’s an amazing outlet as well.
If you need anything else, please let me know. I can’t quite share the tunes yet, or Greg will have my head… my hands, he can have.
Peace.
Intense stuff. Although nowhere near on the same scale, in my first year of uni I developed a problem where my hands and fingers would shake uncontrollably, especially when trying to do something technical – like guitar playing. I remember wondering if I’d be able to play again. I was diagnosed by a neurologist with ‘benign essential tremor’ some time later, but more I think because he wanted to put a label to it than a definitive diagnosis. I think it was actually some kind of nutrient deficiency, as when I left the residential hall I’d been staying in (with it’s crap food) it went away after a few weeks. So yeah, not the same at all but I remember wondering if my guitar playing days were over, such a depressing thought to have an artistic, emotional outlet taken away.
Later I also had cancer and wondered if it was going to spell the end of me. Medical problems suck, especially when they’re ongoing, but I can’t imagine what this guy’s going through.
I’m definitely curious to hear the album knowing about the circumstances of it’s production. That description he gave has to be one of the best I’ve ever heard.
Man, I had no idea you had gone through these troubles. I sure hope the treatment for the cancer was completely successful.
What has happened to Aaron is indeed a heartbreaker. As I told him after the interview, I lost my only aunt to MS after a very long stretch of years during which she suffered from the disease. There’s just no honest way to put a positive spin on being stricken by it. It requires unbelievable mental and physical toughness to endure it. I really hope there is some way that music and art can continue to be an outlet for his creativity, and a way of expressing what’s going on inside him.
I’m also tremendously curious to hear this album.
Yeah it was, umm, I even have to think, 7 years ago now. I’ve even finished follow-up and all.
Man, so you’ve had personal experience seeing someone decline with MS… that just makes the interview all the more full on – you’ve seen a family member die from it and are interviewing him about his prognosis. Fuck.
Quite grim indeed. And that description of the music will likely never be topped.
On a related note, it has slipped One’s mind until now that the phrase “Spinal Tap” refers to lumbar punctures … It doesn’t make Spın̈al Tap any more interesting though.Cristiano BellavitisAug 28, 20161 min readDeere is a BUY- Industries such as farming and commodities are facing headwinds.- Deere is a strong player in the industry.- The company will benefit from future tail winds and is a solid investment.To read the full article click here. 8 views0 commentsPost not marked as liked19-year-old Taylor Kemp pleaded guilty a misdemeanor charge of unlawful use of fireworks Wednesday morning. Ada County code bans all fireworks in the Foothills and other areas that constitute a "severe fire threat" between June 1 and Oct. 31.
Kemp was arrested months after the fire started, admitting to investigators he had been shooting off fireworks just before midnight when the fire started. Deputies also found one of Kemp's fingerprints on the Roman candle, prosecutors said.
Both the City of Boise and the Bureau of Land Management are seeking restitution for the firefighting costs, totaling an estimated $400,000. The judge set a status conference for March 20th to discuss restitution.
Meanwhile, the Table Rock landscape continues to heal. Boise parks and recreation workers are now fighting off non-native grass and along with volunteers planting Sage Brush Plants. With the help of a $100,000 donation from the Friends of Zoo Boise, they say the rehabilitation will take years but is on the right track.
"We have the opportunity to be working on this for the next few years we are doing what we can to establish wildlife habit and native plants on the table rock landscape," said Sara Arkle the foothills and open space superintendent for Boise Parks and Recreation.
Boise Parks and Rec. are urging the public to stay off muddy trails. After the fire, local fire chiefs pushed lawmakers to close a loophole that allows people to buy illegal aerial fireworks in Idaho. The bill, presented by Rep. Mat Erpelding during the 2017 Legislature, would have prohibited vendors from selling the kinds of fireworks already deemed illegal in Idaho. The bill did not pass.PCI Compliance Pact: SecurityMetrics, Wireless Zone Partner
Managed Security Services Provider (MSSP) News: 31 August 2018
Today’s MSSP & cybersecurity news involves Kaspersky Lab botnet research; ControlScan PCI DSS compliance solutions for small business; Firework penetration testing software; SentinelOne & Sumo Logic integrate endpoint protection & machine analytics; Netgear VPN networks for SMBs; and more.
How to Avoid A Compliance Breakdown
Hello All,
I am a volunteer teacher helping the haitian immigrants. I am using osm to organise our community teaching work within a specific rural territory in dominican republic. I received an email this morning mentioning that a user I dont know of just deleted a polygon on which I worked for hours to define our working area;
"4rch has left a comment on one of your changesets created at 2014-11-25 18:21:53 UTC without comment
I've deleted the polygon as it covered a large area without residential landuse.
More details about the changeset can be found at"
Can someone please help me undo this changeset and recover my work ?
Can this type of behavior be restricted ?
thanks in advance for your kind support
jfricher
asked
25 Nov '14, 20:25
jfricher
25●2●2●3
accept rate:
0%
closed
25 Nov '14, 20:40
SomeoneElse ♦
34.6k●69●358●829
This seems to be a duplicate of this immediately previous question.
answered
25 Nov '14, 20:40:
revert ×80
undelete ×24
recover ×9
question asked: 25 Nov '14, 20:25
question was seen: 4,337 times
last updated: 25 Nov '14, 20:40
Hours of my work deleted by an unknown user
Why does undelete not work?
oops. inadvertently deleted a way; need help restoring
Help: accidental delete on the map
Can someone reinstate some deleted ways?
How do I undelete a way?
How do I find and recover a deleted way?
Should i use revert or undelete to restore deleted data?
[closed] How can I call away a saved changeset?
Undeleting a track
First time here? Check out the FAQ!Ball mill
Processing ability:0.5-500t/h
Feeding size:≤25mm
Applied material:cement, silicate, new-type building material, refractory material, fertilizer, ore dressing of ferrous metal and non-ferrous metal, glass ceramics, etc.
1. Energy saving, easy to start.. Welcome to pay a visit to get more detailed information.. Ball mill is suitable for grinding various ores and other materials. It is widely used in mineral processing, building materials and chemical industry.Click here to view an interview with Ron Nehring on a mobile device.
Click here to view an interview with Gavin Newsom on a mobile device. originally campaigned against Brown for governor. It was well before this year when he started bashing Brown’s pet project, the high-speed rail plan that now is nothing like what voters approved — but if there was any chance of warmer relations in a second term, Newsom might as well have kicked Sutter the dog down the capitol steps.
Newsom’s opponent this fall, likable conservative Ron Nehring, wouldn’t get any cozier with Brown. The former state Republican Party chair’s bootstrap life story is inspiring, but his social conservatism puts him out of step with much of California. If the only power the lieutenant really has is the bully pulpit, we would rather see Newsom in it. We recommend him for a second term.
Brown isn’t the only one irked by Newsom’s frank ambition and occasional arrogance. But Newsom also is very smart and thoughtful. It’s a shame to waste his energy. Accomplishments. He set out to write a blueprint for sustainability and, with the help of organizations such as the Silicon Valley Leadership Group, conducted business summits around the state to assess needs. Rather than seeking the spotlight at these events, Newsom mostly listened and learned. Participants were impressed.
His resulting report suggests different regional strategies for economic growth, since Silicon Valley is in an alternate economic universe from Redding or Los Angeles. Tim Draper’s fantasy of chopping California into six states is loony, but recognizing different economies is just a fact.
Serving on the University of California and CSU boards, Newsom pushes our industrial-age model of higher education to adapt to today’s economic realities. On K-12 schools, he’s wrong on the Vergara decision — he doesn’t think tenure after 18 months or layoffs based solely on seniority are a problem. But to his credit, he’s meeting with the lawsuit’s backer, entrepreneur Dave Welch, about how to improve poor schools.
He says he also has reached out to Vinod Khosla and the surfers, hoping to directly negotiate access to Martins Beach. If he succeeds, send him to Gaza.
Newsom began the national culture shift on gay marriage as mayor of San Francisco 10 years ago. Look how far it’s come. The man does have courage and vision. Not to mention the best wardrobe in Sacramento since Willie Brown left town. Re-elect him, and watch what happens next.Typically, ransomware is a type of malicious software (malware) that makes their victims pay money to avoid losing data on their computers. It usually encrypts the data of the victim is then published or blocked until the attacker receives payment. Recent years have seen an increase in ransomware attacks.
what is fusob in cybersecurity?
Table of contents ☰
- What is ransomware and how does it work?
- What are examples of ransomware?
- What is ransomware in cyber security?
- Is ransomware a malware?
- Is it illegal to make ransomware?
- What causes ransomware attack?
- How do ransomware attacks work?
- Can ransomware be removed?
- How does ransomware attack work?
- What does a ransomware do?
- What is ransomware and why is it bad?
- Why is ransomware such a threat?
- How does ransomware work and what makes it hard to deal with?
- Can ransomware spread through WIFI?
- What is the law on ransomware?
- Can a company recover from ransomware?
- What are the different types of ransomware?
- What is the biggest ransomware attack?
- What is the most popular ransomware?
- Is WannaCry an example of ransomware?
- what is fusob in cybersecurity?
- What is ransomware meaning?
- What is ransomware in cyber crime?
- What are examples of ransomware?
- How do ransomware attacks happen?
- Is ransomware a cyber crime?
- What kind of crime is ransomware?
- Are ransomware attacks legal?
- Is ransomware a cyber extortion?
- What is an example of ransomware?
- What is ransomware attack with examples?
what is fusob in cybersecurity - Related Questions
What is ransomware and how does it work?
In essence, ransomware is malicious software that infects a computer and prevents users from accessing it until the ransom is paid, preventing users from accessing their files. Many ransomware variants have been observed over the past few years, how they operate being that they display a screen alert which attempts to extort money from victims.
What are examples of ransomware?
In 2016, organized hackers used Locky to conduct their first attack. Locky is a ransomware program. There was a virus called WannaCry... I feel bad for the rabbit. The name Ryuk means something like... It is a shade/troldesh area... Pieces of a puzzle... Cryptolocker. That's what we call it... The Petya virus.
What is ransomware in cyber security?
A ransomware file requires you to pay a ransom in exchange for the file's release. The data of a user or organization is encrypted so that it cannot be accessed. An access code is then delivered in exchange for a ransom.
Is ransomware a malware?
As well as being a form of malware, ransomware is a form of computer security software designed to encrypt files on a device, locking down any data they contain and any systems they rely on. A ransom demand is then made by malicious actors to regain access to the information.
Is it illegal to make ransomware?
A Treasury Department warning has been issued. Paying ransoms to sanctioned individuals or to jurisdictions that are under a comprehensive sanction could allow them to finance activities that could interfere with a nation's national security and foreign policy objectives.
What causes ransomware attack?
Cause of ransomware infectionPercentage of respondentsSpam/phishing emails54%Poor user practices/gullibility27%Lack of cyber security training26%Weak passwords/access management21%
How do ransomware attacks work?
Ransomware attacks: How do they o ransomware attacks work? Malicious software is used to lock and encrypt your computer or device's files. If you do not pay a ransom, your data can be held hostage by hackers until you do. The decryption key might not be given to you when you pay.
Can ransomware be removed?
It is possible to manually delete malicious files or use antivirus software to do so. Users with a high level of computer skills should only attempt to manually remove malware. In the event of a computer infection made by ransomware and encryption of your data, you will need an appropriate decryption software.
How does ransomware attack work?
Malware like ransomware encrypts and locks the computer or mobile device data of an individual, then demands a ransom for the decryption key. There are many cases where the victim is required to pay a cybercriminal within a set amount of time or risk being permanently expelled from the system.
What does a ransomware do?
Infecting a computer with ransomware, such as Locky, will prevent users from accessing it until they pay the ransom. There have been several variants of Ransomware observed over the past few years, which start off by displaying a message on the screen requesting money.
What is ransomware and why is it bad?
One of the biggest issues that organizations face today is ransomware, a form of cybercrime that affects the internet as well as the corporate world. There are a variety of ransomware programs - malware - that encrypt information on everything from a single PC in an organization to an entire network.
Why is ransomware such a threat?
Usually ransomware is distributed through phishing scams, or by exploiting vulnerabilities in computer security, including those in the digital world and human ones. In this case, a ransom is demanded in order to release the data.
How does ransomware work and what makes it hard to deal with?
There are various types of ransomeware, but the most common one is malware designed to prevent users from accessing their files. Those malware present organizations in a position where paying a ransom for the decryption key is the cheapest and easiest way to regain access to their files when these files have been encrypted with malware.
Can ransomware spread through WIFI?
There are ways for ransomware to infect computers via wifi networks. An attack that locates its way through a WiFi network can disrupt entire networks, which would be disastrous for businesses. In the same way that computer worms are spread over different wifi networks, malicious code that converts to ransomware also spreads over them.
What is the law on ransomware?
Authorities said that ransomware attacks prevented victims from accessing their computers or their data until they paid the ransom. It's not illegal, however, to pay a ransom. There are many organizations that pay in secret as well.
Can a company recover from ransomware?
The time it takes to recover from ransomware can be vastly different. There are very few instances in which a company will go offline for more than two days. It can also take months in rare cases. Based on their inability to figure out what they are doing, most companies take between two and four weeks.
What are the different types of ransomware?
Rabbit is a bad rabbit. This is cryptolocker. GoldEye. The jigsaw puzzle. Locker. An intricate maze. It's not Petya. The Petya threat.
What is the biggest ransomware attack?
Ransomware attacks, such as WannaCry, are a worldwide threat that has been traced back to May 2017 by the WannaCry ransomware cryptoworm. It targets Windows-based computers by encrypting data and demanding payment in bitcoins, a digital currency.
What is the most popular ransomware?
Cyber ransomware known as crypto-encryptors is one of the most common and damaging variants of malware. In this case, the files and data inside a system are encrypted, making them inaccessible to anyone without the decryption password.
Is WannaCry an example of ransomware?
A crypto ransomware attack such as WannaCry, a type of malicious software (malware) used by hackers to extort money, is an example of crypto ransomware. In order to do this, ransomware either locks you out of your computer so you cannot use it or encrypts valuable files in a way that makes it impossible for you to read them.
what is fusob in cybersecurity?
Android users are at risk of being infected with Fusob. An expert from Kaspersky Lab discovered it early in January of this year.
What is ransomware meaning?
Ransomware uses encryption to keep data at ransom for its victim. Critical data - such as files, databases, and applications - is encrypted so that the users and organizations cannot view it. An access key is then provided in exchange for a ransom.
What is ransomware in cyber crime?
This type of malicious software makes it difficult to access files, operating systems, or networks on your computer, and it demands a ransom to unlock it. As a result of ransomware attacks, crucial information and data may be lost and operations may be disrupted.
What are examples of ransomware?
Dr. Leonard Jaffee wrote the AIDS Trojan, one of the first examples of ransomware available today, as one of the first known examples of the disease. WannaCry is a computer worm that encrypts data and encrypts it.... It's called CryptoLocker... The name of the cybercriminal is Petya... ... Bad Rabbit. I feel for you. The TeslaCrypt project... My name is Locky, and I... It's a puzzle.
How do ransomware attacks happen?
Phishing emails, which contain malicious attachments, are often a source of spreading ransomware. During drive-by downloading, a user unknowingly visits an infected website, and then malware is downloaded and installed without being aware of it.
Is ransomware a cyber crime?
The primary purpose of ransomware is to extort money through cyber extortion. Links to Ransomware can sometimes be hidden within emails and web pages that appear to be normal. There has been a recent rise in ransomware attacks on businesses and individuals, an increasingly serious threat.
What kind of crime is ransomware?
The governor of California signed an executive order in September. In order to make ransomware a crime, Governor Jerry Brown signed a bill into law.
Are ransomware attacks legal?
According to the United States Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), both paying ransomware demands and transferring money to Russian nationals is illegal in certain cases.
Is ransomware a cyber extortion?
WannaCry ransomware is what it sounds like. Cyber criminals often exploit ransomware to gain money by holding hostage data while demanding payments up front. Ransomware is a type of malware that locks data down and holds the owner hostage until a ransom is paid.
What is an example of ransomware?
WannaCry, which infected more than 200,000 computers in over 150 countries during the spring of 2017, is a notable example of a ransomware attack that struck companies worldwide. Globally, the crime could cost up to £6 billion with UK costs clocking in at £92 million.
What is ransomware attack with examples?
Malware called ransomware includes files and systems that are hijacked and blocked, making them inaccessible to the user.Free Standard shipping
£1,199.95 £1,999.99
You Save 40% (£800.04)
Notify me when this product is available:
This rattan garden table and chairs set will make a great addition to your outdoor living space. It will add a touch of modern elegance to your patio, balcony, or garden with its understated, yet stylish design. Are you looking for comfortable outdoor furniture set for your family? If so, this 7pcs fashion rattan corner sofa set is highly recommended to you. Unlike a normal leather sofa, this rattan sofa will give you a different user experience. Adopting high-quality PE rattan and steel frame, it features stable, sturdy, and durable. With a soft cushion, it also can ensure softness and a comfortable seating experience. It includes 2pc corner sofas & 4pcs single sofas & 1 pc coffee table, which can meet your family's daily demand. So what are you waiting for? Don't hesitate, it's worth buying!Features rattan sofa set
Package Includes: 2 x Corner Sofa4 x Middle Sofa1 x Tea Table
Free Worldwide ShippingStandard delivery Get it in 2-10 days
Note: With the COVID-19 pandemic, theirs a possibility of slight delays but not to worry you will 100% recieve your product.
1. Material: PE Cane Iron Polyester Cloth Upright Cotton2. Color: Black Embossed3. Iron Pipe: Square Pipe: 15*15*0.7mm4. Cushion: Polyester 180g Blue Back Cushion 8cm/ Side Cushion 8cm/ Seat Cushion 10cm5. Upright Cotton: 1500g6. Glass: 5mm Thick Tempered Glass7. Cane: 8.5x1.1PE Cane8. Pillow: Orange9. Foot Pad: Seven Word Foot, One Word FootOn September 10th, Kevin Boyle, a Democratic state representative in Pennsylvania, opened his e-mail to find an invitation to a Zoom call with several Democratic advocates and former politicians. They wanted to speak with him on behalf of Keep Our Republic, a nonpartisan civic-engagement group that formed this past summer, amid the pandemic, to investigate unconventional threats to the election. The call included high-powered figures such as Richard Gephardt, the former U.S. representative and Presidential candidate, and Tom Rogers, the founder of MSNBC and CNBC. Boyle, who is forty and has a thick beard, represents a working-class district in northeast Philadelphia. He wondered why they wanted to talk to him. “I’m not a big shot,” he told me recently. “I represent sixty-five thousand people.” In the state legislature, he is also the minority chair of the Republican-dominated House State Government Committee, which oversees, among other things, the governor’s emergency orders regarding the coronavirus pandemic, and all matters related to voting.
Boyle prepared for a perfunctory discussion of Pennsylvania’s election. When he joined the call, however, the tenor was more alarming. “It was DEFCON 5,” he said. The former politicians warned Boyle that the Trump campaign might try to hijack the 2020 election, and that this effort could hinge on his state. .
Trump has been laying the groundwork for questioning the election results for months. He has repeatedly refused to commit to a peaceful transition of power, and made unfounded claims of widespread voter fraud, especially among mail-in ballots. Much of his rhetoric has focussed on Pennsylvania. On September 26th, Trump held a rally at the airport in Harrisburg, where he claimed that there was rampant fraud in the state, noting that nine ballots cast for him had ended up in a trash can in Luzerne County. “The only way they can win Pennsylvania, frankly, is to cheat on the ballots,” Trump said. “Keep your eyes open if you see any shenanigans, which you probably will.”
Read an excerpt in this week’s issue.
Boyle left the Zoom meeting extremely concerned; he notified the Party leadership and the Democratic governor’s chief of staff, but was unsure how else he could help. Then, two days after Trump’s rally at the airport, Boyle’s Republican colleagues on the State Government Committee announced that they were introducing a measure to establish a special panel called the Select Committee on Election Integrity. The panel would have sweeping powers to oversee the election. Nominally, it would investigate claims of voter fraud. Kerry Benninghoff, the House Majority Leader, suggested that the panel would balance a recent slate of state supreme court decisions, which have favored Democrats and which he claimed have “injected chaos into the general election.” Boyle worried that the panel could be used to derail the election. The committee could have the authority to subpoena election officials, making it impossible for them to count ballots. It could impound ballot boxes in Democratic districts, making them unavailable to tally. If the committee delayed long enough, the legislature could take matters into its own hands.
The panel would likely be drawn from Boyle’s fellow State Government Committee members, a collection of ardent Trump supporters. In 2015, the former chair, Daryl Metcalfe, invited an avowed white nationalist to address the committee. One member, Cris Dush, has compared the Governor’s handling of information related to the pandemic to the media restrictions of Nazi Germany. Last spring, another member, Andrew Lewis, withheld the fact that he had contracted COVID-19. (Lewis said that he had kept his diagnosis private “out of respect for my family” but that he had informed everyone he came in contact with who “met the criteria for exposure.”) Boyle tweeted, “The membership is the most firebrand hardline conservative north of the Mason Dixon line.” He worried that they would do anything they could to insure Trump’s election.
The vote on the Election Integrity committee’s creation was supposed to take place three days later. But on the morning of the vote, a Republican legislator on the State Government Committee tested positive for the coronavirus, and the session was called to an emergency halt. The delay allowed for more scrutiny of the proposal. “This committee touched on a lot of fears disenfranchised people have right now,” Liz Fiedler, a Democratic representative from Philadelphia, said. “They’re afraid that their votes won’t be counted accurately, and they wonder if there are outside, or inside, forces that will mess with the actual result of the election.” Malcolm Kenyatta, a Democrat on the State Government Committee, went on national news to decry the effort. Fiedler’s team drafted a petition against the new panel and circulated it around the state. “We wanted to shine a light on what was happening in Harrisburg, to let people know what the stakes actually were,” she said. Boyle frantically filed amendments to the resolution, twelve in all, including an attempt to remove the Election Integrity committee’s subpoena power and a provision to formally designate it as a “coup.” Republicans in swing districts soon became worried that the resolution could imperil their electoral chances. Valerie Gaydos, a Republican from outside Pittsburgh, issued a statement against the new committee: “I have urged our House Republican Leadership team to permanently table this legislation immediately. I strongly support free and fair elections and the democratic process, but adamantly oppose legislation which is unclear and undefined.” On October 9th, the Republican leadership announced that it was pulling the resolution.
Democrats rejoiced, but Boyle remained wary. He worried that, the day after the election, if their candidates were safe, Republicans could resurrect the panel and begin causing trouble. “This measure could come back to us in November, and we could have to vote on it within twenty-four hours,” he said. He feared that, as in 2016, the polls risked giving Biden supporters a false sense of security. “A lot of us Democrats are a little overconfident,” he added. But Pennsylvania’s votes could become decisive, and Boyle feared that state Republicans were ready to implement a series of controversial measures to upend the popular vote; they had already put preliminary efforts into motion. “This is so monumental,” he told me. “I don’t understand why people aren’t paying more attention.”BUTTE - Butte celebrated the Chinese New Year in a scaled down way by performing a blessing for good fortune for Uptown businesses.
The ritual was held outside the Mai Wah Museum Saturday morning in which the head of the dragon chases the pearl of wisdom in recognition of the year of the ox.
Organizers usually hold a parade through Uptown but canceled it due to pandemic. However, they felt it was important to perform the blessing.
“It’s especially important this year, we want to say goodbye to the year of the rat and scurry it out the door and welcome in the year of the ox and kind of march forward strongly and steadily and recover in all kinds of ways,” said event organizer Pat Munday.
The parade is held each year in honor of Butte's Chinese heritage.Product Description
Bold and colorful, this Orange/Blue Peacock Print Jacket makes a distinctive addition to any wardrobe. The jacket has a V-neck, long angel sleeves, and A-line skirt that falls mid-thigh. It features a vibrant pattern of orange peacock feathers on an electric blue background. It is fully lined.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Ira J. Chase1834-1895
I.J. Chase
Ira J. Chase, 1834-1895, had the distinction of being elected to the office of Lieutenant-Governor while pastor of the Danville Christian Church. At the death of Governor Hovey he became Governor, serving from November 24, 1891, to January 9, 1893. While he will always be remembered by the citizens of Indiana as Governor Chase, he will be remembered by the Christian church as one of the outstanding evangelists and pastors fro the past generation. He served the church in Mishawaka, La Porte, Wabash, and Danville. At the close of his office as Governor he went into the evangelistic field and while holding a meeting in Lubec, Maine, he was taken suddenly ill and passed to his reward on May 11, 1895. His body lay in state in the rotunda of the State House in Indianapolis for four hours before the funeral which was held in the Central Christian Church of Indianapolis, May 17, 1895. He was buried in Crown Hill Cemetery.
-Excerpt, Disciples Of Christ In Indiana: Achievements of a Century, Commodore Wesley Cauble, page 205
Directions To The Grave Of Ira J. Chase
Ira J. Chase 39, Section 9. Chase is buried in the same section as S.K. Hoshour and Oliver P. Morton. See map of cemetery here!
GPS Coordinates
39°49'01.4"N 86°10'20.1"W
or D.d. 39.817044,-86.172249
Grave Facing East
Accuracy to 20ft.
Section 9, Lot 39Create an Account - Increase your productivity, customize your experience, and engage in information you care about.
The Madison Economic Development Commission (EDC) would like to light up Madison for the holiday season and early months of winter. The EDC has issued an RFP to "Light Up" Madison by celebrating the diverse holidays of the season, provide a source of joy for residents and visitors. The EDC’s initiative will create an uplifting experience that can be enjoyed while practicing social distancing or from a vehicle.Can you help identify this man?
Police are wanting to speak to him after an incident at The Globe Inn, Winner Street, Paignton on 7th March at approximately 10pm
CCTV released by The Globe Inn and posted to Spotted Torquay, shows footage of a man being ejected from the premises and then kicking the property. It is alleged that a number of windows of the property were damaged during the incident.
If you are able to help, please call 101 and quote CR/018476/15Check out the events we're going to attempt this crazy 2020
Carving deals
Check out some of the deals to be had. Choice is diminishing of carving on hand. By appointment only.
The Group of 6+
Custom Carving at Your House
Your place anytime you want to transform an ugly stump to a unique carving.After noticing a realtor ‘sitting, literally head in hand, on the front steps,’ a Texas couple decided to buy the house. That was two renovations…View More The Austin Bungalow Had Charm. But It ‘Needed Everything.’
Day: October 19, 2021
How a Bidet Cleans You and Protects the Environment
Bidets have evolved from emergency personal hygiene alternatives to just one more feature in a luxurious bathroom. The post How a Bidet Cleans You and…View More How a Bidet Cleans You and Protects the Environment3 nights of fun in the snow in Abtenau! Fantastic slopes, rustic huts and a varied winter program invite you to a short vacation in the Tennengau region. Experience winter from its most beautiful side!
The Karkogel, the Sonnleitn and the Postalm.
Included services:
- 3 nights
- Catering depending on the category
-£99 MineTan Bronze Babe Personal Spray Tan Kit Offer R54-642 Size ONE In Stock Add To Bag Notify Me Personalise & Add To Bag STORE STOCK CHECKER FAVOURITE Read More Bronze Babe Spray Tan Kit: Get a Salon-Quality Spray Tan at Home. Love a spray tan? Now you can do it all yourself with the MineTan Bronze B Pro Spray Mist 50ml, the Bronze Babe with you wherever you go! Screen reader support enabled. For reasons of hygiene this product cannot be returned if unwrapped, unsealed or used, unless faulty. Read More Read Less Price History Price History Date PriceHar El, the North Shore Centre for Jewish Life strives to nurture progressive Jewish spiritual and cultural identity. We endeavor to achieve this through building a warm, welcoming, inclusive, and open-minded Jewish home for all.
We are an egalitarian synagogue affiliated with the Conservative movement. Our religious services include equal participation of men and women. As the home for Jewish life on the North Shore, we include many cultural, social, and educational programs beyond religous services.
The North Shore Centre for Jewish Life will be a place:
- With many doors leading in
- Free of judgment, where every person with a Jewish spirit is welcome and valued
- Where people can celebrate Jewish worship and lifecycle events
- Where people can congregate in ways that are important to them, be it based on ritual, social, cultural or otherwise
- That will help ensure the perpetual presence of our community and pass on our values from generation to generation
- That proudly demonstrates solidarity with the State of Israel
- That recognizes its role within the larger local communitySearch Results
SBP 3133 Mechanics of Biomaterials: 3 hours.
Three hours lecture and two hours lab. The course is designed for students to gain fundamental knowledge about mechanics of biomaterials, including tensile, compression, shear, and bending properties. It also introduces the effects of load duration and environmental factors on these mechanical propertiesELB – Long Brochure
The leaflet is usually more professionally-designed,
with far more thought given to its content. The
leaflet can also be printed on coloured paper or in
colour. However, the weight of the paper leaflets
are printed on is often different from the weight
used to print flyers, usually A3, A4 or A5
Size
A3 ( 297mm x 420mm )
A4 ( 210mm x 297mm )
A5 ( 148.5mm x 210mm )
Material
Simili 80gsm – 4C Single Sided & Both Sides Printing
Art Paper 128gsm – 4C Single Sided & Both Sides Printing
Art Paper 157gsm – 4C Single Sided & Both Sides Printing
Finishing
Folding
Quantity
300pcs 3000pcs 15000pcs
500pcs 4000pcs 20000pcs
1000pcs 5000pcs 30000pcs
2000pcs 10000pcs and more…
Abstract
The detection of antimitochondrial autoantibodies (AMAs) is critical in the diagnosis of primary biliary cirrhosis (PBC). However, conventional laboratory assays to detect AMA are dependent on the time-consuming method of immunofluorescence microscopy, a method often plagued by problems of nonspecificity. AMAs react against mitochondrial autoantigens including the E2 components of the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex (PDC-E2), the branched- chain 2-oxo-acid dehydrogenase complex (BCOADC-E2), and the 2-oxo glutarate dehydrogenase complex (OGDC-E2). Interestingly, the immunodominant epitopes of PDC-E2, BCOADC-E2, and OGDC-E2 are all conformational lipoate binding sites, but antibodies against them do not cross-react. Although 80% to 90% of sera from patients with PBC react to PDC-E2, approximately 10% patients with PBC react only to BCOADC-E2 and/or OGDC-E2. We have taken advantage of our epitope-mapping studies of the E2 components of PDC, BCOADC, and OGDC, and constructed a 'designer' hybrid clone, designated as pML-MIT3, that coexpresses the immunodominant epitopes within the three distinct lipoyl domains. We examined a total of 321 sera, including 186 sera from patients with PBC, to test the immunoreactivity of pMIT3. Of 186 sera from patients with PBC, 152 sera (81.7%) reacted with recombinant fusion protein of PDC- E2, whereas 171 sera (91.9%) showed positive reactivities when probed by immunoblotting against the recombinant fusion protein expressed from the pML- MIT3 clone. Of 34 PBC sera that did not react with recombinant PDC-E2, 18 sera contained BCOADC-E2-specific AMA and 1 serum possessed only OGDC-E2- specific AMA. We also developed an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), using affinity-purified recombinant fusion protein of pML-MIT3 clone as the antigen source, to quantify specific AMAs in patients with PBC. None of the 135 control sera from patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis (PSC), chronic autoimmune hepatitis (CAH), systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), or healthy volunteers showed significant reactivity against pML-MIT3 recombinant fusion protein in the ELISA assay. Our results indicate that an ELISA using recombinant, cloned autoantigen of pML-MIT3 is a powerful and very specific method for the detection of AMA.Oct 29, 2019 Official answer: Many manufacturers of CBD Oil (cannabidiol) with any serious side effects, according to the World Health Organization. CBD affects everyone differently- but most people take CBD oil without having any negative side effects. Here, we address some potential side effects of CBD oil, Dec 12, 2019 As CBD oil explodes onto the market, a lot of people find themselves asking some important questions about its use. This comprehensive look May 1, 2019 Cannabidiol, or CBD oil, is an extract from the cannabis plant. It has boomed in the wake of the legalized marijuana movement, now that
Dec 12, 2019 As CBD oil explodes onto the market, a lot of people find themselves asking some important questions about its use. This comprehensive look
Aug 7, 2019 That's why we stand by these specific benefits of CBD oil: In modern times, CBD oil can be turned into oils for you skin or to drop on your tongue Actually by definition CBD effects the mind which means it is psychoactive, Jan 11, 2019 We breakdown what cbd is and the benefits of CBD in under 2-minutes. New England Journal of Medicine, it has powerful effects elsewhere in the brain. What You Need To Know About CBD Oil, The Health Craze Getting CBD use is on the rise, with applications for everything from seizures to multiple sclerosis to depression and anxiety. While high-quality CBD oil tinctures and.
The trade-off as you may have guessed is that CBD effects from vaping do
Jan 10, 2020 “It [CBD] doesn't make you high, but it has effects on multiple other While a quick Google search can pull up small tinctures of CBD oil I've read thru most of the responses and want to add my recent experience. When I took it in capsule form, after doing a fair amt of research and reading reviews, Dec 17, 2019 CBD vape oil, however, is a very efficient way to take cannabinoids. CBD vaping increases the rate of absorption, meaning the effects of this Mar 1, 2017 What is CBD oil, and how does it make you feel? Gather 'round, it's time to talk about CBD's effects on the body. Any cannabis connoisseur Nov 1, 2018 be medical cannabis, such as "CBD oil" or hemp oil, are available to buy cannabis, it's possible to develop any of the following side effects:. Jan 10, 2020 “It [CBD] doesn't make you high, but it has effects on multiple other While a quick Google search can pull up small tinctures of CBD oil
Apr 8, 2019 Does CBD really provide a range of benefits for a range of symptoms. We examine the current research on the benefits and effects of vaping
Oct 14, 2019 Widespread use of concentrated CBD oil is a very new phenomenon, side effects into one handy guide, to help you decide whether CBD is Learn more about Cannabidiol (Cbd) uses, effectiveness, possible side effects, interactions, dosage, user ratings and products that contain Cannabidiol (Cbd) of cannabidiol for these uses. Side Effects wheat germ oil Slideshow Aug 27, 2019 Cannabidiol (CBD) is an active ingredient in cannabis derived from the hemp plant. Videos of the effects of CBD on these children and their seizures are I just started cbd oil and want to learn everything I can about help treat conditions like pain, anxiety, depression, and insomnia,Superhuman Bar Brawls: Scarlet Witch vs Doctor Fate
Every wondered what would happen if two of your favorite illustrated icons clashed? Who would win? How? Why? Well wonder no more. Here at Geek Unhinged we're going to give you an in depth look at just such scenarios a new series called Superhuman Bar Brawls. So without further ado. And stop me if you've heard this one before, but, Two Superhumans walk into a bar...
First we have Doctor Fate. The Lord of Order himself. Specs have him at 6'2, 197 lbs. Powers include Magic, Molecular Reconstruction, Energy Resistance, Divine Empowerment, and more. He has done things the likes of witch the League never thought possible. For example, within the Helm that Fate wears lies the magical power over Order and Chaos. And if that wasn't enough, Fate also wears two other items that make him even more powerful that he is without the. The Amulet of Anubis and the Cloak of Destiny. The Amulet enhances his magical abilities and also it a gateway to a dark dimension. A void. A place to put people if he so wills it. As for the Cloak, it allows for him to have invulnerability and super strength. And as if all of that wasn't enough. He also has super speed, telapathy, power of flight, and really the list goes on. Oh and did I mention time travel and immortality?
Yeah. He's that big of a deal. Why do you think he get's so little play in DC and has such restrictions. He's basically a GOD, however the rules of the Order keeps him sidelined most of the time because he has to bring balance to the universe. So he can never make things too peaceful or allow them to get too chaotic. He's basically a Nuke. An in case of emergency character.
All and all he's a force to be trifled with. However, his opponent is no push over and is capable of many feats as well and may be just as powerful in her own right.
That's right, if anyone could give Fate a run for his money. It might be Scarlet Witch. Coming in at 5'7, 132. Her powers include Chaos Magic, Hex Bolts, Molecular Destabilization, Canceling Other's Powers & Abilities, and more. She once depowered damn near all mutants, and caused the prevention of mutants being born for future generations; all with three simple words. She has the innate ability to manipulate and warp reality at will. And really that kind of says it all. All of this combined with her expert knowledge of sorcery is what makes her truly a force to behold. She's one of the few characters that have power over "luck", By using her hexes she can easily deflect projectiles or cause enemies to stumble or otherwise suffer the effects of "bad luck".
So she's pretty much a goddess right? She has warped realities, caused powers to fail, driven her enemies to madness. However, is all of this enough to go toe to toe with Doctor Fate? I did a recent poll via social media, and the consensus was that Scarlet Witch wins this battle every time. And the actuality of it is, she wins this battle never. In fact she doesn't even come close.
When people think of Scarlet Witch, at least those of us that don't just know her from the Movies, We think of The House of M. A story line in which Quicksilver convinced Wanda to use her powers and warp reality into the "House of M". A world in which mutants were the majority and Magneto was king. A story that, again, ended with her basically wiping out the mutants. However, she did not achieve this catalyst on her own and it was was revealed later on that Doom had given her the Life Force it self. This amplified her powers to do all this world wide level reality manipulation. Without it she's still a powerful being, but no where near as devastating.
However, that out the way let's assume she still has said life force. Something, might I add, Doom was able to
take away from her (along with her powers). But let's assume she has this life force. She would still be unable to beat Fate because her magic is based on chaos. Doctor Fate is a Lord of Order. A supernatural entity with God Like powers. He has a defense for anything Scarlet Witch can throw his way. And with the ability to time travel, even if she could come close, he could undo, redo, and adjust.
She tries to demolecilarize him? Even if he couldn't reconstruct himself, she would have a hard time finding him through the illusions and invisibility. Oh, she uses Hex magic, tries to turn his luck. He uses Divine Empowerment! Which is DC's version of probability manipulation...but from a GOD. In this case Ra. Simple fact is that Doctor Fate can not only nullify Scarlet Witch's chaos Magic, but at the end of this encounter, or maybe even before it begins. She gets imprisoned in the Amulet of Anubis.
Verdict: There isn't a reality Wanda could create where she comes out the champ against Doctor Fate. And that's the Bottom Line.
But hey? Don't agree with our scenario? Know something more that we don't? We'd love to hear from you in the comment section below. The way we see it Scarlet Witch loses this fight 10 outta 10 times. Change our minds!Help families feel at home, even when they can’t be. Give them happiness, care and support when it matters most – on Christmas Day.
It costs $171 per night to provide accommodation, meals and car parking for a family with a child in hospital this Christmas.
Last year, gifts like yours provided 446 families with 3,230 nights of help and comfort in a Ronald McDonald House close to their child in hospital – from Christmas Eve to January 31. Please help, by giving a generous donation for families like Mason’s to have the gift of time together on Christmas Day.
Zespri will match your donation to give families the Gift of time together this Christmas
Donate today and your $20 becomes $40* thanks to our friends at Zespri.
*Zespri International Limited will match all donations up to a maximum value of $40,000 during the 2021 RMHC New Zealand Christmas campaign from 22 November 2021 to 26 December 2021 inclusive.
Supporters
© 2021 Ronald McDonald House Charities New Zealand | Terms and conditions | Privacy Policy | Charity number: CC50543 | Contact us: christmas@rmhc.org.nzA creditor paid on the eve of bankruptcy is at risk of having to give back the money.
A bankruptcy trustee (or a debtor in possession) can recover payments made within 90 days of the bankruptcy filing.
The payment must have given the creditor more than other, similarly situated, creditors would get through the bankruptcy process.
The policy behind the statute is to diminish the advantages that a creditor might get by litigation or by aggressive collection action.
The point is to discourage collection action that might force the debtor into bankruptcy. That is accomplished by making payments received in the 90 days before the filing recoverable in bankruptcy.
It is neither wrong (under California law) of the debtor to make a preferential payment nor wrong of a creditor to accept it . The preference statutes are simply a creature of bankruptcy law that attempt to achieve equity between creditors.
If you are a creditor trying to collect from your customer, you are almost always better off accepting payment and dealing with any efforts to recover the money when, and if, the payor files bankruptcy.
Is it a preference?
Bankruptcy Code §547 defines a preference as
- Transfer (usually payment) on account of an antecedent (as opposed to current) debt;
- Made while the debtor was insolvent;
- To a non insider creditor, within 90 days of the filing of the bankruptcy;
- That allows the creditor to receive more on its claim than it would have, had the payment not been made and the claim paid through the bankruptcy proceeding.
Note that payments to a fully secured creditor aren’t preferences because the creditor didn’t get. The Bankruptcy Code’s definition of transfer is very broad.
Creditors are best served by the prompt perfection of such liens to lessen the possibility that the advantage obtained by getting the lien is lost in a preference recovery action in a subsequent bankruptcy.
Defenses to preference actions
Defenses to the recovery of a preference are found in 11 U.S.C. 547(c). They include:
- contemporaneous exchanges;
- payments made in the ordinary course of the business of the debtor and the creditor on ordinary business terms; and
- security interests that secure debts that bring new value to the debtor.
- amounts of subsequent credit extended and unpaid.
These. That makes it more complex for a trustee to succeed at trial.
How the 90 day rule applies to individuals in bankruptcy
When your customer is in financial troubleRelated changes
From FIS Freestyle wiki
(to pages linked from "Did not start")
This special page lists the last changes on pages who are linked. Pages on your watchlist are bold.< Did not start
Below are the last 50 changes in the last last 7 days, as of 02:38, 27 November 2021.
Show last 50 | 100 | 250 | 500 changes in last 1 | 3 | 7 | 14 | 30 days
Hide minor edits
No changes on linked pages during the given period.Nike SB Eric Koston 2 Max "Hot Lava"
If you aren't already feeling the heat, this new Nike SBEric Koston 2 Max "Hot Lava" should put you over the edge. Presenting a eye-scorching, fiery red/orange upper, the skate-tuned silhouette does more than just sear your retinas; with a Free and Air Max-infused outsole in white touched with a bit of black speckling, your feet will be riding high while the Hyperfuse and mesh upper keeps temperatures at bay. Available now at select shops, including Caliroots, you can cop this blazing addition to the Nike SB family now for just 129 Euro.
Nike SB Eric Koston 2 MaxColor: Hot Lava/Black-WhiteStyle Code: 631047-801Volunteer Opportunities
The Smith's Tavern Educational Complex is funded 100% by donations and staffed 100% by volunteers. Without volunteers we cannot continue the service we provide to the community.
Volunteering with the North Castle Historical Society is fun! It's an opportunity to meet new friends, experience history first-hand, and be of service to the community. The Historical Society is always looking for dedicated volunteers to help out in a number of areas. Some require a specific time commitment while others are open ended. Some require specialized skills while others are simple and unstructured. Please contact us if you can help with any of the following:
- Smith's Tavern Educational Complex Docent - we are open Wednesday and Sunday afternoons from 2-4 and need people to greet visitors, answer questions and give a tour of the complex. We will train you!
- Writing - we publish newsletters and an annual publication and need help writing articles
- Mailing Labels - some of our mailings still go by snail-mail and need to have envelopes stuffed, sealed and labels put on
- Exhibits - we would like to do more exhibits throughout the year. They don't have to be elaborate but they should tell a story and pique interest in further research
- Strong Backs - the old buildings in the complex always need maintenance and if we don't have volunteers to do it we have to hire people to do the work
- Fundraisers - the society hosts a fundraiser once a year and can always use an extra hand organizing, getting sponsors, selling tickets, setting up and cleaning up.
- Colonial Crafts Days - several times a year large groups of school children come to the Complex to learn about Colonial history. This is a huge undertaking that requires organization, set up, demonstrations of crafts (we will train you!), and clean up.
- Special Talents - if you have a special talent you think the Society can use, please let us know.
Please contact us at NorthCastleHistoricalSociety@gmail.com and let us know how you can help!Rarely talked about despite its overwhelming occurrence, pelvic organ prolapse (POP) occurs when an organ in the pelvis drops down from its normal position and pushes against the vaginal wall. While the exact prevalence of pelvic organ prolapse is unknown, experts estimate that nearly 50 percent of women between the ages of 50 and 79 have some form of POP. Besides resorting to surgery, there are just a few treatments available to help affected women. Fortunately, bodyworkers who understand the tenets of Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) and practice shiatsu have access to a powerful therapeutic tool to mitigate organ prolapse.
About Pelvic Organ Prolapse
Pelvic organ prolapse is a medical condition that occurs when the normal support of the vagina is lost, resulting in sagging or dropping of nearby structures. As the prolapse of the vagina and uterus progresses, women may feel bulging tissue protruding through the opening of their vagina.
Once rarely discussed or recognized, POP has become a priority women’s health issue today. Many primary care physicians and gynecologists routinely screen patients for its symptoms, and the new surgical specialty of urogynecology has arisen to correct pelvic organ prolapse and the urinary incontinence that often results. By age 80, more than 10 percent of women will have undergone surgery for prolapse.
Affecting various walls of the vagina, different pelvic organs can prolapse:
- Cystocele – A cystocele occurs when the bladder protrudes into the front wall of the vagina.
- Urethrocele – An urethrocele develops when the urethra presses into the front vaginal wall.
- Rectocele – A rectocele occurs when part of the rectum bulges into the back wall of the vagina, sometimes causing difficulty with bowel movements.
- Uterine Prolapse – The uterus drops down into the vagina.
- Vaginal Vault Prolapse – In women who have undergone a hysterectomy, the top of the vagina can drop and protrude into the lower vagina.
POP Symptoms
Unfortunately, many cases of POP go undiagnosed because many women are reluctant to discuss symptoms, which may include:
- A feeling of pelvic pressure, or a bearing down sensation
- Leg fatigue and low back pain
- Stress incontinence and difficulty starting to urinate
- Problems with bowel movements, such as pain, pressure and constipation
- Irritated vaginal tissue or pain during intercourse
- Feeling very full in the lower belly
- Feeling as if something is falling out of the vagina
- Inability to keep a tampon in
POP Causes
Pelvic support comes from pelvic floor muscles, fascia and ligaments. If the pelvic floor muscles weaken, the fascia and ligaments have to bear the brunt of a woman’s weight. Eventually, these structures may stretch and fail, allowing pelvic organs to drop and press into the vaginal wall. The following women are at higher risk for a pelvic organ prolapse:
- Those who have had multiple vaginal births
- Women who have had injury or surgery to the pelvic floor – especially a hysterectomy
- Having a connective tissue disorder
- Being post-menopausal
- Obesity
In addition, the following increase the chance of suffering a pelvic organ prolapse:
- Constipation and chronic bowel straining
- Smoking
- Chronic coughing
- Heavy lifting
POP Treatment
Women without symptoms or symptoms that are mild typically don’t need treatment. However, there are some things that will help prevent the worsening of a prolapse:
- Weight loss (if applicable)
- Avoid lifting anything heavy
- Quit smoking
Besides these precautions, there are several solutions for a pelvic organ prolapse:
- Kegels – Kegel exercises are a series of contractions that strengthen the pelvic floor. The pelvic muscles used to stop a stream of urine and prevent passing gas are squeezed – without contracting the stomach muscles.
- Pessary – Similar to a diaphragm or cervical cap, a vaginal pessary is a device that’s inserted into the vagina to help support sagging pelvic structures. Those with a severe POP can’t keep a pessary in.
- Surgery – For women who have significant pain or problems from their prolapse, surgery is an option. Pelvic reconstructive surgery can be performed through the vagina or abdominally, where the prolapsed organ is repositioned and secured.
Shiatsu for POP
Since the pelvic organs and their surrounding fascia and ligaments are generally not accessible to a bodyworker, some massage therapists might assume that there is little they can do. However, that is not the case for therapists with an understanding of TCM and meridian theory.
Understood to be a real medical issue for centuries, organ prolapses are nothing new. According to Chinese medical theory, a prolapsed internal organ is usually due to a weakness of the Spleen energy. The normal direction of the Spleen’s energy is upwards; hence, a weakness can manifest as a feeling of bearing down, fatigue, diarrhea or an organ prolapse. One of the ways practitioners of TCM address this weakness is by stimulating points that raise the energy.
As long as a prolapse is not to the point where it needs to be repaired surgically, shiatsu can play a supportive role in a woman’s recovery.
- Located at the apex of the head, Governing Vessel 20 is the most well-known point for addressing a prolapse. As this meridian begins between the vagina and rectum, this point is particularly useful for raising the energy at the uterus, vagina and rectum.
- Stimulating energy along the liver meridian (especially on the lower leg) is advised, because of the liver energy’s special tie to the pelvic region. According to TCM, the liver meridian encircles the external genitalia, connects to the uterus and dominates the tendons, muscles, ligaments and nerves.
- Also on the lower leg, the spleen meridian lies adjacent to the liver meridian. Because a spleen energy weakness is almost always responsible for an organ prolapse, tonification methods on the spleen meridian can raise the energy – a big help to a woman with a pelvic organ prolapse.
As the understanding of its prevalence and normalcy grows, more women will speak up about their discomfort and get help for a pelvic organ prolapse. Especially since there are just a few treatment options for POP, bodyworkers who practice shiatsu have a unique skill that can aid in the recovery from a pelvic organ prolapse.
Recommended Study:Remember on election night 2016 when Paul Krugman said this?.
You know that the NY Times’ Nobel Prize-winning economist is rarely correct — the above prediction is just one of the many examples — so don’t put any money on this doozy either:
Here’s his conclusion:
So let me make a last-minute appeal to Republican senators who care about America’s future, if there are any left: Don’t do this. A vote for Kavanaugh will be a vote to destroy the legitimacy of one of the last federal institutions standing.
Not only will people die, but the Constitution itself will be killed off if the constitutional process for installing a Supreme Court justice is followed? That’s Krug-tastic!
Basically lefties like Krugman are always going to think a SCOTUS that isn’t left-leaning is “illegitimate.” Nurse Ratched needs to bring a meds cup to these people STAT. a mountain goat approaches, slowly move away from it to keep a safe distance.
> If it continues to approach, chase it off by yelling, waving a piece of clothing, or throwing rocks.
> Do not feed the mountain goats or allow them to lick your skin or backpack.
> If you need to urinate while hiking, please go away from the trail to avoid leaving concentrations of salts and minerals near the trail.
yo if this you in this clip im tryna get this hud bro. lmkYield: 6 Servings
Clean chicken and cut into pieces. In a large pot, bring water, carrot, oni on and celery to a boil. Drop chicken one piece at a time into the boiling liquid, slowly and gently. Cover pot. Let simmer for about 2 hours or until tender. After the first hour, add salt and paprika. After 2 hours, lift chi cken pieces from pot. Make a thick gravy of stock remaining in pan using a standard recipe. If gravy separates, thicken it with two or more tablespoon s of cream. Serve with noodles, dumpings, rice or spaghetti.
From the recipe files of Carole Walberg ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Preparation Time: 0:00ADVERTISEMENTS:
Read this article to learn about the prospects of drug production in cell cultures and bioreactors.
Introduction:
Plant cell and callus cultures have been extensively used in the past three decades to explore the possibility of producing useful secondary metabolites through biotechnological methods.
These empirical approaches generated enormous data about the plant species producing secondary metabolites in culture, physicochemical factors like light, temperature, plant growth regulators and nutrients affecting the production and lastly, selection of cells with high yield of secondary metabolites. However, all the cultures investigated were not commercially viable systems.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Therefore, two way approaches was made:
(1) To generate the basic know-how for the production of secondary metabolites, and
(2) To develop technology for specific product using plants like Catharanthus roseus, Berberis, Coptis and Panax etc., as a model system. Investigations were focused to develop technology for these plants and also to better understand the process as a whole. Plant cell in the agitated liquid medium produces secondary metabolites characteristics of the parent plant, a process governed by several genes (i.e., genetically controlled) and hence it is a multi-steps reaction.
To produce secondary metabolites at commercial level there are certain prerequisites like- high demand, high product cost, and availability of uniform raw material without interruption. Technology should be cost effective otherwise the production will not be commercially viable. Only a few selected compounds can fulfill these criteria because of high production cost. It is imperative that the production cost can be reduced by increasing the yield of secondary metabolites by improving the bioreactor technology to reduce the capital cost of inputs.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Serious attempts are being made to increase the yield by manipulating the biosynthetic pathways, removing the limiting factors barriers, and incorporating the techniques of genetic engineering. Here, we are presenting the details of bioreactor system and various cultures used to produce secondary metabolites in these bioreactors, towards developing technology for the industrial-level production. Application of plant cell tissue or organ culture for the production of secondary metabolites was originated in 1947, when James first reported the occurrence of alkaloids in meristem culture of solanaceous plants.
Scale-up (process at large-scale as compared to small-scale process in laboratory) problems are common in all kinds of engineering sciences. The classical processes of the fermentation industry have been developed along the time with trial and error method.
Bioreactors are advantageous then shake flasks as they provide better control on the system (i.e., pH, dissolved gas concentration, cell growth, etc.) there are examples of cultivation of plant cells in large fermenter demonstrating feasibility of the technology for the scale-up production of secondary metabolites. It is imperative that a bioreactor is used when basic studies related to optimization of product yield have been completed. In most cases, a growth medium and a production medium are used to obtain maximum yield of the secondary metabolite.
Tulecke and Nickel (1959) successfully developed a 10L system in a simple carboy for the cultivation of plant cells. Noguchi and co-workers (1977) cultivated Nicotiana tabacum cell suspensions in a 20,000 L stirred tank reactor while Schiel and Berlin (1987) studied Catharanthus roseus cells in a 5,000 L stirred tank reactor. The first commercial process used Lithospermum erythrorhizon cell suspensions grown in stirred tank reactors of 200 and 750L.
Various published results show that plant cell cultures can be grown in the microbial type bioreactors, thus suggesting the use of existing fermentation facilities and conventional equipment for industrial production of plant products using the cell culture technology. In the contrary to above, Archanbault et. al. (1998) suggested that specifically designed and operated bioreactors might be more appropriate for plant cell cultures. It is worth mentioning that different types of bioreactor designs and processes are currently in use for the production of secondary metabolites (Table 28.1).
Bioreactor Process:
Bioreactor is a large culture vessel made up of glass for use at laboratory-scale (up to 10L) but large-scale bioreactors are made up of stainless steel. Laboratory-scale bioreactors can be designed and fabricated in the laboratory or can be purchased as a functional unit (Fig. 28.1). The commercially available systems are sophisticated equipment fitted with microprocessor control unit (or a computer) to control the pH, dissolved oxygen, gas flow rate, agitation speed, nutrients, and temperature inside the vessel and cell density for the optimal growth and/or the production.
All the units have a culture vessel and a control unit. The details of a typical stirred type bioreactor are given in the figure. 28.2. There are different types of stirrers available to suit the requirement for tissue shear pressure and effective agitation. The modern bioreactors are fitted with various sensors like pH, temperature, foaming and nutrient concentrations. The control unit records the changes in the composition of the medium and then transfers the desired chemical/nutrient to adjust the medium according to set parameters.
Samples are taken, at time intervals to study the time course of the growth, with the help of sample tubes fitted with sterilized membrane filter and syringe to create a suction. For sterilization, small reactors are autoclaved while commercial scale reactors are sterilized in situ by passing steam at appropriate pressure.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Due care should be taken to sterilize the system according to its volume. Various kinds of bioreactors have been designed depending upon the requirements and the systems, However, all the bioreactors require a cooling unit (cryobath with water circulating pump) to circulate cold water (being a tropical country, in temperate countries, tape water is quite cold and can serve the purpose), a membrane type air pressure pump to supply oil-free air at a desired pressure, an autoclave of desired dimensions to sterilize the unit, disposable or autoclavable air filters, and autoclavable tubing’s to connect the system besides general facility for tissue and cell culture. A sufficient amount of stock of cell culture is required to inoculate the bioreactor.
This system is used to develop technology for the industrial production of useful secondary metabolites or for the production of large number of plantlets using somatic embryogenesis. Depending upon these factors for the accumulation/release of secondary products, different process modes are used viz., batch culture, fed batch culture, two-stage batch culture, and continuous chemostat type cultures. In batch cultures vessels are inoculated and harvested after growth period.
In fed-batch cultures, the cultures are fed once or twice with additional nutrient supply during the growth period. Additional supply of nutrients boosts the production of metabolites. In continuous cultures, a balance is maintained between continuous supply of nutrients and harvest of cells and cultures and in steady state of growth.
Factors for Growth in Bioreactor:
Gas-Liquid Mass Transfer:
Maintaining a constant oxygen mass transfer coefficient (KLa) is a basis of scale-up of many bio-processes. The oxygen transfer requirements of cultured plant cells are low as compared to that of bacterial cultures because unlike microorganisms, plant cells have lower respiration rates. For instance, if cells which respires at a rate of 0.2 mM g-1 h-1 are to be grown to 10 gl -1 without allowing the dissolved oxygen concentration to fall below 20% of saturation.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Plant cell culture in bioreactors typically requires KLa values between 10-30 h-1. Operation of bioreactor at higher KLa values results in poor cell growth or production of secondary metabolites. This may be due to either increased shear associated with high KLa conditions or due to enhanced CO2 stripping from the medium. To maintain a constant dissolved oxygen level, bioreactors should be equipped with a dissolved oxygen probe to adjust aeration and agitation rate.
Shear:
Plant cells are shear sensitive. Shear refers to forces exerted on the surface of a body in a direction parallel to surface. This is contrasted to normal forces, which are exerted on a surface but, perpendicular to the surface. Mathematically, shear can be described by the equation [τ = ηλ], where τ is the shear stress (a force per unit area),
is the shear rate (a change in velocity across a distance), and η is a viscosity (a coefficient which describes the resistance to flow).
Earlier, efforts were made to describe the shear damage to eukaryotic cells growing in a mechanically agitated bioreactor system by calculating impeller tip speed by the equation [Tip speed = πNDi], where N is the impeller speed (rpm) and Di is the impeller diameter. Sinskey et al. (1981) proposed that it may be better to use an integrated shear factor (ISF) to correlate shear damage to cells by the equation [ISF = πNDi/(Dt – Di)] where, (Dt – Di) is the measure of the distance between the impeller and the tank wall.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Dt is the tank diameter. ISF thus represents a pseudo-shear rate, which exists between the impeller tip and the vessel wall. Even in the absence of mechanical agitation, gas sparging (profuse bubbling of air/gas) can also exert shear.
Mixing:
Mixing of the dissolved nutrients of the culture medium is generally not been a problem in suspension cultures. But, large size of plant cells and especially the cell aggregates settle into dead zones or unmixed regions at the bottom of the bioreactor. Moreover, cells get adhere to the surface of the tank above the level of the medium and become deprived of nutrients. These exhibit a serious problem. Recently, there has been a trend towards using very high cell concentrations [packed cell volume (PCV of 90%)]. Under these conditions incomplete mixing can be a serious problem.Coronavirus (COVID-19)
Updates and information for EEE students
Last updated: 20 April 2021
College policy and guidance:
Latest College COVID-19 guidance for students
In order to reduce the spread of coronavirus (COVID-19) on College premises we have developed a College-wide Code of Conduct. The Code sets out the behaviours and policies that everyone needs to follow on all College premises.- President Donald Trump has deleted three tweets that got him locked out of his Twitter account on Wednesday.
- Twitter took action against the tweets after pro-Trump rioters stormed the Capitol building. In one tweet, Trump addressed the rioters, saying: "go home, we love you, you are very special."
- After Trump deleted the tweets, a 12-hour cool-down period began during which he still couldn't tweet. Once that has expired, he will have full access to his account.
- Visit Business Insider's homepage for more stories.
President Donald Trump has complied with Twitter's demands that he delete three tweets that violated its rules, after armed rioters stormed the US Capitol on Wednesday.
One of the offending tweets was a video in which Trump addressed the rioters, saying "go home, we love you, you are very special," while also making baseless claims of election fraud. The same video was also removed by Facebook.
Twitter removed the three tweets, replacing them with cards that said: "This Tweet is no longer available."
"This means that the account of @realDonaldTrump will be locked for 12 hours following the removal of these Tweets. If the Tweets are not removed, the account will remain locked," Twitter said in a statement on Wednesday.
Bloomberg was the first to report that Twitter said the tweets had been deleted, starting a 12-hour timer for when Trump can tweet again. A Twitter spokesperson confirmed the deletions to Business Insider on Thursday morning, but did not say when Trump deleted the tweets.
Instead of the tweets, there are cards reading: "This Tweet is no longer available because it violated the Twitter Rules."
Read more: Lawmakers, Hill staffers, and reporters recount the harrowing experience as a violent pro-Trump mob broke into the Capitol to protest the electoral-vote count
Trump will have to tread carefully when he gets control of his account back, as Twitter said in its statement on Wednesday that "repeated violations" of its Civic Integrity or Violent Threats policies would result in permanent suspension.
Twitter faced widespread pressure on Wednesday for Trump's account to be permanently banned. Investor and former Reddit CEO Ellen Pao tweeted to "just ban him already. Don't air his dangerous video during a coup where he says he loves the insurrectionists and lies about the election results."
Color of Change, the nonprofit civil rights advocacy group, and other activist groups called for Trump to be banned from both Twitter and Facebook.
.” locally enacted or placed before the local.Journalism jobs in Other work and training
Broaden your search
- Journalism, Other work and training, Permanent 62
- Journalism, Other work and training, Permanent, South West England 15
Refine your search
- Journalism Remove selection
- Other work and training Remove selection
- Permanent Remove selection
- Somerset Remove selection
Found 4 Permanent, Somerset jobs
Graduate Mechanical Engineer - Building Services Design
Graduate Mechanical Engineer Building Services Design Bristol Salary Circa GBP25,000Looking for your first position in the Building Services Design se
Apprentice Cabinet Maker
Our client, manufactures and installs bespoke interiors for the high-end residential market. Theywork with architects, interior designers, project man
Apprentice Finisher
Our client, manufactures and installs bespoke interiors for the high-end residential market. They work with architects, interior designers, project ma
Apprentice Bodyshop Technician - Mercedes-Benz Of Weston-Super-Mare
Job description Mercedes-Benz of Weston-Super-Mare has an exciting opportunity available for an Apprentice Bodyshop Technician to join their talentedWhen I think about physician culture and how it relates to burnout, I think of the fact that we like to control stuff. We did that to get through school, and we have done that a lot in our lives. For many of us, particularly those who are employed, we give up a lot of control to do our work. That can be very frustrating; it's something you can almost rage against.
If you think about the things that are important, like taking care of patients, and leave the control of things like personnel and nurse pay to other folks, it really helps. If you need to be the person who is going to figure out what the nurse gets paid [and participate in] hiring and firing, then you should not be an employed doc. If you are able to give up control of the things that you do not think are that critical to the mission of taking care of your patients, then do so.
Keep taking care of patients and maintain autonomy in the exam room when you are taking care of people. That is what gets you through. That is how I've been able to use the culture I have that makes me need to control stuff, control the things that I can, and not worry about the things that I can't.
© 2017 WebMD, LLC
Cite this: Fighting the Need to Control Everything - Medscape - Sep 06, 2017.Ronzoni Spaghetti, 100% Whole Grain
Popular near you
Related Products
Details
100% whole wheat. Excellent source of fiber. 56 g whole grains per serving. All natural. When it comes to nutrition, why settle for less than 100%? Ronzoni Healthy Harvest pasta is 100% all natural and made from a single ingredient, 100% whole wheat. With an excellent source of fiber and 56 g of whole grains per serving, it is an important part of a heart healthy (Diets rich in whole grain foods and other plant foods and low in total fat, saturated fat, and cholesterol may reduce the risk of heart disease and some cancers. While many factors affect heart disease, diets low in saturated fat and cholesterol may reduce the risk of this disease) diet. Its delicious flavor is the perfect complement to your favorite pasta recipes. When it comes to keeping your family happy and eating healthy why settle for less than 100%?.
Ingredients
Durum Whole Wheat Flour.
Warnings
Contains: wheat. Manufactured in a facility that uses egg ingredients.
Directions
Cooking:. Very Firm: 9 min. Firm: 10 min. Tender: 11 min. Maintaining Perfect Pasta: To keep cooked pasta fresh for later use, toss with a small amount of olive oil or sauce, and refrigerate.
- Shell Pasta
- Sprouted Grain Pasta
- Tortellini Pasta
- Ziti Pastasashaamazingts is currently offlineRegister to tip this Hot Model
- Details: trans
- Location: work
- Last Broadcast: offline
- Current viewers:
- View Profile
sashaamazingts is currently offline, sorry! Not to worry though: there are dozens of online models that are waiting for you to come and have some fun. If you want the best FREE live sex of your life, create an account today!Inter coach Simone Inzaghi and his Sassuolo counterpart Alessio Dionisi have decided to field the following 22 players in tonight’s Serie A clash at the Mapei Stadium, with kick-off scheduled for 20.45 CET.
The Inter Milan coach has made a couple of changes to the team that played a goalless draw midweek with Shakhtar Donetsk in the Champions with Hakan Calhanoglu, Joaquin Correa and Ivan Perisic coming into the fold.
The Sassuolo coach is only missing Pedro Obiang and Filippo Romagna for the Serie A clash against Inter and is fielding the Neroverdi’s strongest lineup.
Inter are currently third in the Serie A on 14 points whilst Sassuolo are in 12th place on seven points, after the first six matches of the 2021/2022 season.
The Nerazzurri have won four and drawn two matches so far whilst the Neroverdi have won two, drawn one and lost three matches.
Inter are the highest scoring team in the Serie A with 20 goals so far, whilst Sassuolo have managed to find the net six times, with both teams having conceded seven goals.
Sassuolo have lost three of their last four matches in the Serie A, winning their last match against Salernitana. Inter on the other hand, have won two and drawn two of their last four matches in the Serie A, drawing last weekend against Atalanta.my Boga; Gregoire Defrel.
Substitutes: Gianluca Pegolo, Edoardo Goldaniga, Federico Peluso, Kaan Ayhan, Jeremy Toljan, Giorgios Kyriakopoulos, Francesco Magnanelli, Abdou Harroui, Matheus Henrique, Hamed Traoré, Giacomo Raspadori, Gianluca Scamacca.
Coach: Alessio Dionisi.
Suspended: No-one.
Injured and unavailable: Pedro Obiang and Filippo Romagna.SEAWAT
SEAWAT is a three-dimensional groundwater model based on MODFLOW that captures density dependent interactions within the subsurface allowing for modeling of seawater to freshwater interactions.
- Developer
- USGS
- Model Information
- For more information about this model, go to water.usgs.gov
- Spatial Resolution
- Spatial resolution matches MODFLOW.
- Temporal Resolution
- Temporal resolution is the same as MODFLOW. Transport time steps are subdivisions of flow time steps specified.
- Outputs
- Outputs specifics include coastal water system dynamics and
- unknown
- Coding Language
- FORTRAN, GUI
- Operating System
- not applicable
- Mathematical Approach
- numerical
- Maintenance Plan
- maintained
- Date of Last Known Update
- 19-Oct-12
- User Manual
- Documentation link not available
For more information and definitions of terms, see the codebook. Do you have feedback about this tool? the Value Added Tax (VAT) (available in English, French and German only). be different from country to country. If you transfer your own goods from one European.
For more information, visit the European Commission website (available in English, French and German only.
When you sell your products in Europe, Euros established by each country in Europe. Europe. Each European country has a distance selling threshold, and these thresholds vary from country to country. Consult with.
Customs destroyed at your cost, at the discretion of the carrier or freight forwarder carrying your goods.
For additional details, please refer to: Taxations and Customs Union.
Commercial invoice in EU fulfillment centers, visit the Electrical Goods Requirements: Plugs and Sockets help page.
Toys, check..bioMérieux announces CE-marking of the new MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry identification system: VITEK® MS PRIME.
bioMérieux – First-Quarter 2021 Business Review
bioMérieux, a world leader in the field of in vitro diagnostics, today releases its business review for the three months ended March 31, 2021.
BIOFIRE® Respiratory 2.1 (RP2.1) Panel with SARS-CoV-2 obtains De Novo FDA Authorization
Marcy l’Étoile (France) – bioMérieux, a world leader in the field of in vitro diagnostics, today announced that BioFire Diagnostics, its subsidiary specialized in molecular syndromic infectious disease testing, has received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) De Novo authorization for the BIOFIRE® RP2.1 Panel.
bioMérieux announces the expansion of the CE marking of its molecular biology ARGENE® SARS-CoV-2 diagnostic test to include saliva specimens.
Marcy l’Etoile, France – November 16, 2020 – bioMérieux, a world leader in the field of in vitro diagnostics, has announced the expansion of its ARGENE® range for the detection of SARS-CoV-2. As a complement to nasopharyngeal swab specimens, the singleplex SARS-CoV-2 R-GENE® real-time PCR test may now be used on saliva and oropharyngeal (throat) swab specimens for the detection of the virus that causes COVID-19. This development helps optimize laboratory workflows.Jose Mourinho: It’ll still be a difficult season for Man United
Jose Mourinho has warned fans this will be a “very difficult season” for Manchester United despite his team becoming a better, more attractive side.
The Red Devils crammed a lot into the start of the 2018-19 campaign, with an opening-day victory against Leicester overshadowed by gall,” Mourinho said. “For sure a difficult season.
“I don’t change that because we won two matches in the Premier League. A difficult season for sure.
“You see the level of the teams — you see the Liverpool squad, City squad, Chelsea squad, Tottenham squad, Arsenal improving. It’s going to be difficult.
“I am not saying that we are going to have more points than last season because last season we collected a very acceptable number of points., ‘Oh, Manchester United, good team, good squad, City good squad, good team’. All of them, they can say the same thing.
“So, I think if they think the season is going.”
United certainly have momentum ahead of Saturday’s visit of Wolves after beating Young Boys 3-0 in Wednesday’s Champions League opener. Marcus Rashford and Nemanja Matic will have to drop out of that line-up through suspension, while Anthony Martial will be among the other changes from the team in Switzerland.
Alexis Sanchez, an unused substitute in Bern, will come in and Mourinho believes the January signing, like the rest of his squad, has another level to go up.
“Sanchez plays tomorrow,” the United boss said when asked if Martial had put pressure on the Chilean. “Because Martial played 90 minutes and Sanchez played zero.”
Asked if Sanchez still has another level to reach, Mourinho added: “Every player has another level to step up.”Description
“Hey what is that??” Look and observe with our wooden leaf shaped magnifier. Sized perfectly for small hands and ideal for taking a closer look at critters, rocks, leaves and that weird looking bit of dirt in the garden. Our magnifier is made from plastic and not glass and won’t break if you drop it. Comes with carrying loop to attach to explorer backpacks so easy to take with you on your next trek outdoors!
Part of our Loose Change range this toy is affordable and great quality. Our Loose Change range makes great Christmas Stocking Fillers or small Birthday Gifts. Beautifully finished and just takes a little bit of loose change to purchase.
Ages 2 years +
Made of wood, leather & plastic
14
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.‘Watercolor Ohio 2014’ to be exhibited
Ohio
MANSFIELD – The Ohio Watercolor Society’s 37th Annual Juried Exhibition “Watercolor Ohio 2014” will be exhibited through Oct. 25 at the Mansfield Art Center, 700 Marion Ave.
The exhibition includes 60 selected works awarded by juror Mike Bailey of Santa Cruz, Calif., and showcases the work of Ohio artists who work in water soluble mediums.
Mansfield Art Center hours are from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday. For complete details, call 419-756-1700 or visit or.Porducer Dhanush has had his share of profits from Kaala even before the film released as the pre-release earnings is somewhere around 200 crores. Dhanush was able to sell the satellite and music rights on time for whooping sum of money but Kaala had something of a disappointed opening considering the globe. This could also be said as the least Rajni promoted film as well because they literally used a plane to promote Kabali by covering it entirely with a poster of Rajni’s face. Music launch of 2.0 was conducted in Dubai as they also flew a big hydrogen balloon in air with 2.0’s official title poster.
Dhanush decided to not go all out in the promotions but kept it subtle so that the film could work on it’s merit but that has affected the opening. Kaala is the fourth Rajni film to have grosses $1 million mark in USA and he is the only Tamil actor to achieve this milestone. Lingaa, Endhiran and Kabali are three other films to have done this wonder and earned a lot more than just one million dollars. Financially the film is in a safe zone and critically in an even better with it’s euphoric climax.
Kaala has collected 3.25 crores in Chennai city alone with in 2 days which is basically phenomenal. Kaala has registered the lowest Rajni opening ever in recent times but extraordinary word of mouth around it will take it to new heights in the filmography of this great superstar. Kabali set the cash registers running but it did not get the kind of love and respect Kaala is achieving from all forms of audiences. Rajni is truly a pan Indian star and one of the very few actors who can make the world wait for his film in Chennai or Kashmir.The
Marketing Executive
Roundtable
Marketing Roundtable April 2021 meeting
The Evolving Role
of Public Relations
How to Make the Most
of Your PR Efforts
When: Wednesday, April 21 Click HERE to register.
12:00-1:30 p.m.
Where: Online, via Zoom
Host: Kirsten Wlaschin – Ivar’s / Kid Valley
(206) 423-4445
Rick Bechtel: (206) 351-8604
Moderator: Jamie Campbell
Managing Director at Kiterocket
Note the meeting time - 12:00-1:30 p.m. This will be a virtual meeting.
Please register using the link above. You will receive the link to join
closer to the meeting date.
Description:
Public relations has long been a tried-and-true technique to build brand awareness and a favorable reputation with key audiences. From Fortune 500 conglomerates to small, local businesses and everything in between, many have experienced the benefits and sung the praises of this artform. Others still don’t see the value.
With the onset of the digital age, new technologies and platforms, and the changing media and influencer landscape, public relations has seen a drastic change over the last few years. A good PR practitioner should focus on utilizing integrated strategies, outlining measurable metrics and leveraging public relations wins.
So, how does your company experience the benefits of PR? During our April discussion, we’ll touch on what exactly PR is, how it’s changed from back in the day to today, the COVID-19 impact, and how to get the most out of your PR efforts, whether you work with an agency or handle it in-house.
Our discussion facilitator, Jamie Campbell, is Managing Director with Kiterocket, a global PR and creative marketing agency with experience across a diverse set of industries. Over her 15-year career, Jamie has led award-winning campaigns for a variety of consumer, lifestyle, renewable energy and hospitality clients. At Kiterocket, she leads day-to-day client activities, specializing in national media relations, creative planning for digital marketing, high-profile events, tastemaker campaigns and social media programs.
Discussion questions:
What has been your experience working with a PR agency or handling PR in-house?
How has your PR strategy changed during the pandemic? Have you revised your goals to reflect the “new normal?” How can you fully bake PR into your marketing plan to maximize ROI?
With so many new PR tactics, available, which ones are the best fit for your organization, your industry, your clientele?
What are the top trends for B2B vs. B2C PR? Have you tried integrated communications strategies vs. the traditional PR approach?
What are reasonable metrics to measure PR efforts? What are your top KPIs for PR? How does your C-Suite assess its value?
5 Reasons to Leverage Your SharePoint Environment for PPM
The first reaction from a lot of IT departments to the proposed introduction of any new enterprise tool is generally “No!” – even for something as important as project management!
Free video demo: BrightWork PPM Software for SharePoint On-Premises
But they have solid reasons for this response.
IT resources are always constrained and they know from prior experience that introducing new enterprise tools can be an expensive, time-consuming process.
IT projects typically run over budget and deliver less value than predicted.
IT teams also have to consider post-deployment management/configuration of the new system and end-user training.
For these reasons, leveraging your existing SharePoint On-Premises infrastructure is a practical, cost-effective approach to project management.
Over 250,000 organizations worldwide use SharePoint so there is a good chance you have access to this platform.
5 Reasons to Leverage Your SharePoint Environment for Project and Portfolio Management
1. Quick deployment in Your Existing Environment
One of the best reasons to deploy a project management solution on SharePoint is that it leverages the existing, approved, and secure collaboration infrastructure already in place.
If your organization uses SharePoint as an intranet or for document management, for example, you can tap into this pre-existing infrastructure – something that will make your IT team very happy!, search, and workflows alongside enhancements such as better navigation, Agile Boards, and improved charting.
BrightWork builds on the SharePoint foundation of self-service, no-code configuration by end-users, and adds further options so users can see project data in the way they want.
Here is a screenshot from the homepage of the BrightWork Marketing Team site. Starting with a BrightWork template, I configured the site to support how we run marketing projects without any help from IT.
2. SharePoint Templates Provide a Practical Starting Point
In SharePoint, a project site can be created using a pre-existing template.
BrightWork comes with a range of best-practice project and portfolio management templates for different types of projects and teams.
Customers get a quick start with the pre-configured templates they need right now. In time, it’s easy to add more complexity and processes.
3. Grow organizational project management at scale
Using a template-based approach in SharePoint lets you easily create, use, reuse, and update your project management best practices on an organizational scale.
The beauty of SharePoint templates is that any changes you make to the site can be saved and reused in subsequent projects.
This approach will enable you to evolve organizational project management with configurable templates and scalable performance.
BrightWork takes this concept a step further with Template Design Sync.
When a BrightWork template is updated to reflect organization best practices, those changes can then be rolled out to projects already in flight using the BrightWork Template Design Sync.
Changes can also be pushed to project sites on a case-by-case basis.
Not only does this save significant time – it’s easy to maintain consistency and standards across multiple projects, teams, and departments.
4. One Tool
Project teams are often using too many tools to manage their work – email, spreadsheets, Zoom, Microsoft Teams, Slack…..
In this environment, tracking progress, dealing with risks, and managing deliverables is almost impossible.
Your team will waste too much time trying to find documents to complete tasks and there is always a chance they are using the wrong file!
Imagine this chaos multiplied throughout an organization across all teams, projects, and departments.
Trying to manage the performance of portfolios becomes extremely challenging.
It also becomes very hard for IT to stay on top of the various apps and tools in play, which can cause numerous problems.
With SharePoint, all project information – documents, tasks, reports, and so on – is stored in a single place.
Your team uses this site to find, do, and update their work.
If they want to use Microsoft Teams for chat and video meetings, just add a link to the SharePoint site to the relevant channel.
With more visibility into projects and a standardized approach to reporting, your project teams will be more successful.
What’s more, departments can reduce recurring charges for apps and online applications.
5. Integrations
SharePoint, and by extension, BrightWork, integrates with the Microsoft 365 tools you already use.
Microsoft Project for project scheduling? You don’t have to give that up. With the bi-directional sync between SharePoint and Microsoft Project Professional, project managers can update the project schedule in BrightWork and see the results in Project and vice versa.
The Project Structured Template also includes enhanced sync with Microsoft Project Professional, with extra auto-calculated information such as baselines and variances for work, effort, and cost.
Already using Nintex Workflows to automate business processes? Nintex workflows can be added to BrightWork project site templates, helping to improve project standards throughout the organization.
Common uses of Nintex and BrightWork include automated status reporting, automated exception reporting, and project request management.
And the list goes on.
Next Steps: Project Portfolio Management on SharePoint.
This post was originally published in February 2016 and has been updated for freshness, comprehensiveness, and accuracy.It is worthy writing of a company which has reached the apex in business within a period of time.
This company named Perera Tyre Service (Pvt) Ltd located at No 773/1, Talangama North, Malabe.
Perera Tyre Service Pvt Ltd which started its journey three decades back is accepted in the local market as well as international market has reached its zenith today. The company imports and sells tyres, tubes and alloy wheels under the brand names Petlas, Toyoma, Chaoyang, Sunful, Firemax, Maruti, Starmaxx for busses, passenger cars, jeeps, light commercial vehicles, industrial vehicles, tractors and all multy-utility vehicles. Today, the company is mainly focusing on selling more eco-friendly, cost effective green tyres and their suppliers are mainly from Turkey, Taiwan, Indonesia, Korea, India and China. Petlas pro-preen tyre is made of special compound to ensure low rolling resistance, long life and good breaking performance.
Also Petlas is the king of industrial and off road tyres and is an ideal investment for any budget conscious institution or industrialist. Petlas has won almost all European and international accreditation certificates for its excellent quality. Choayan tyre imported by the company is China number one tyre company while Starmaxx - Korea and Maruti tubes - India have achieved world recognition. Since the start company has built business using honesty hard work and customer satisfaction as cornerstone during the past thirty years. The company has developed a large market share for Its products and Perera Tyre Service has a very strong dealer network including dealers, distributors and retail customers covering the entire island. Considering the increasing customer needs, the company has opened branches in Battaramulla, Kaduwela, Kuliyapitya and its tyre retreading factory is located at Athurugiriya. Perera Tyre Service Pvt Ltd has a devoted staff committed to customerFox and Fox Electrics
- Ashbourne
- Member since Jun 2019
- 3 feedback comments, 100% positive
Start your project
Invite Fox and Fox Electrics to provide you with a quote and enjoy all the benefits of posting a job on MyBuilder.
What sets me apart from the rest? * Honesty and integrity. * Attention to detail. * Pride in my work. * Depth of knowledge. * Being prompt and courteous. * Fully insured. NAPIT registered electrician with 30 years' experience. Based in Ashbourne, covering most of the southern Peak District and East Midlands plus Derby, Nottingham, Mansfield and surroundings.
Trades
- Electrical
About Fox and Fox Electrics
* Residential landlord's reports
* Commercial and Industrial Condition Reports
* House rewires
* Room rewired
* New sockets
* Outdoor lights and sockets
* Fault finding and appliance fixing (ovens etc)
* CCTV and alarms
* Off grid and solar
* Vehicles and boats
* Farm buildings
* Commercial and industrial
* Air Source Heat Pump Central Heating
Specialities:
* Electric vehicle charge points installed
* Solar panel inverters fixed and upgraded
* Solar battery hybrid storage systems supplied and installed
We also do the plumbing element of jobs where electrics are involved (eg for shower installs and kitchens).
NAPIT registered 32063.
City and Guilds qualified.
30 years' experience in electrics and industry.
Fully DBS (CRB) checked.
Qualifications
City & Guilds: 2382-18 18th Edition Wiring regulations
City & Guilds: 2391-52 Initial and Periodic Inspection and Testing of Electrical Installations
NA7232-5 Competence in the Installation and Testing of Electro-technical Systems
NAPIT Part P compliant 32063 (Domestic, Commercial, Industrial)
City and Guilds: 2919-01 Electric Vehicle Service Equipment
Schneider EVLink Installer
Alfen EVE ProLine Installer
Insurance
Public Liability InsuranceLimit of indemnity: £5,000,000.00
Valid until: 8
Fox and Fox Electrics has answered 2 questions on Ask a Tradesman./cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/69248722/833771380.0.jpg)
Today's Lineups
Quick turnaround
In the top of the eighth inning on Tuesday, the D-backs would have been forgiven for feeling pretty good about themselves. They had rallied from 3-0 down to tie the game, and still had the bases loaded with nobody out. But three consecutive strikeouts wasted the opportunity, and the bullpen melted down in the bottom half. Since that point, Arizona has allowed 14 runs without crossing home plate themselves, and find themselves needing a win tonight to avoid dropping back down below .500. Yesterday was the team’s fourth experience of being shutout in thirty games; that only happened twice last year, in twice the number of contests. In 2019, the last full season, shutout #4 didn’t happen until August 10.
But on the other hand, there have already been 19 servings of free tacos (* with the purchase of a large drink, between 4-6 pm the next day, at participating outlets) so far this year. In 2020, there were only 23 such games - again, in twice as many contests. So it seems this offense has been feast or famine. And they need to be feasting in order to win. When there are NO free tacos, i.e. when they held to fewer than five runs, the Diamondbacks are 1-10 this year. Their sole such win was the 3-1 victory over the Padres at the end of the opening series in San Diego. But it’s no guarantee of victory, with five helpings of loss-flavored tacos this year as well.
Torey Lovullo notes
- Zac Gallen will start Friday, but Saturday and Sunday are still TBA. They have many balls in the air, and while not mentioned specifically it will clearly revolve around whether or not Merrill Kelly can be activated to make his start.
- Luke Weaver next steps: We’re right in the middle of that conversation as well. We’re trying to make the best decisions moving forward to help this team win baseball games every single night. We’ll finalize those conversations and like I said everybody every single night gets evaluated and there’s no exceptions.DETROIT (AP) — Hertz announced Monday that it will buy 100,000 electric vehicles from Tesla, one of the largest purchases of battery-powered cars in history and the latest evidence of the nation’s increasing commitment to EV technology.emerged..Home Carshoe Women Shoes Ankle boots Carshoe Ankle boots
- Carshoe Leather ankle boots
$210.89$179.56
+$15 Control and authentication
37.5 EU
Very good condition
Black , Leather
Details
See profile
Professional seller
Trusted and Expert Seller badges
100% Authentic Car Shoe Black Leather Wedge Black Ankle Boots By Car Shoe, here we have these beautiful ankle boots. The boots are made with a fine black smooth leather upper, leather lining and rubber soles. They feature an almond toe front, pull on wear and are lifted by a 9cm leather covered wedge heel and 2.5cm hidden platform. Slight signs of wear on the outer soles. Small scratches on the outer leather Color: Black Material: Leather Size: EU37.5 Approximate heel: 9cm Approx Platform: 2.5cm Approx Boot height: 17cm Approx Insoles: 23cm Condition: Very good used Comes with : Dust bag
General information
- Online since: 28/10/2019
- Categories : Women
- Category: Shoes
- Sub-category: Ankle boots
- Designer: Carshoe
- Condition: Very good condition
- Material: Leather
- Color: Black
- Size: 37.5 EU
- Location:Cyprus, from the seller mmli
- Reference: 8558741Topic: all108 Informal speech108
Your car makes too much noise. You should have it looked at. Votre voiture est trop bruyante. Vous devriez la faire inspecter.
Translation examples in context are collected automatically from many open sources using search technology based on bilingual data. If you find any inaccuracies or have comments on the text, use the "Report an issue" option or write to us.
AdvertHow small are we in the scale of the universe?
SEETIES & THE UNIVERSE. “On the scale of a galaxy, let alone the universe, we’re smaller than we can readily comprehend, but we do have the capacity to wonder, to question, to explore, to investigate, and to imagine. So the next time you stand gazing up at the night sky, take a moment to think about the enormity of what is beyond your vision, out in the dark spaces between the stars.”R, Sony’s newest technology that uses a completely new processing method, designed to replicate the way our brains think and respond. It understands the way our eyes see and our ears hear, to present a more human perspective on-screen and thus, putting you deeper into every scene
Sony BRAVIA XR Master Series Z9J Specs
-
- Latest XR Motion Clarity technology cross-analyses data to ensure action stays smooth, bright and clear with no blur
- X-Wide Angle technology provides vivid real-world colors from any angle while retaining more color and brightness
- Acoustic Multi-Audio technology delivers cinematic surround sound and accurate sound positioning, providing pictures and sound in perfect harmony
- Quick access to an array of content and services with Google TV
- Easy connectivity to most devices, including Apple AirPlay 2 and HomeKit
- bar position to elevate the TV and integrate a soundbar system
- Netflix Calibrated Mode offers studio-quality Netflix content.
- Calman Ready offers advanced calibration capabilities and the ability to fine-tune adjustments simply not possible through conventional picture settings
Take entertainment to the next level with the new BRAVIA Master Series Z9J now available in selected Sony Authorized Dealers. For more details, visit here.Overview
Code for America believes government can work for the people, by the people, in the digital age, and that government at all levels can and should work well for all people. For more than a decade, we’ve worked to show that with the mindful use of technology, we can break down barriers, meet community needs, and find real solutions.
Our employees and active community of volunteers build and transform government and community tools and services, making them so good they inspire change. We merge, insightful, and dedicated Client Success Manager to help support our Client Success team to be even more impactful and efficient in serving our communities. We are on a mission to reimagine and redesign how every eligible person, nationwide, accesses and interacts with government-run services. This role will be overseeing the Client Success team primarily on the GetYourRefund team, supporting clients who are filing taxes using our digital services in partnership with VITA (Volunteer Income Tax Assistance) organizations. Clients use GetYourRefund to answer questions about their tax status (household, income, expenses, etc), upload documents, and stay connected with a VITA tax preparer. Our ultimate goal is to reach people who currently don’t have access to free, clarifying, thorough tax assistance and to ensure they are able to claim all of the tax credits that they are eligible to receive. Additionally, the Director of Client Success may also allocate duties on other projects across the organization, such as the social safety net (benefits programs like Medicaid, SNAP, TANF, WIC, and others).
This blog post describes our work on GetYourRefund, and our goals for the project.
About the Role:
The Client Success Manager will drive the tactical implementation of projects on the GetYourRefund team, as well as within the Client Success discipline across the organization in collaboration with the Client Success Director. The Client Success Manager shares our passion for transforming how governments deliver services and believes in the role of government to meaningfully serve all people, and has the experience to achieve our vision. The Client Success Manager will work with internal stakeholders, external strategic partners and community partners to manage our GetYourRefund projects, collaborate with product teams, and ensure impact of the program. This role will also contribute to the visibility, advocacy, and domain expertise of our broader Client Success discipline. The role of the Client Success Manager is to collaborate with the Client Success Director to unify our teams across the organization and support best practices.
You are a perfect fit for this role if you are a process improver, systems thinker, and compelling communicator who believes in services that are dignified and accessible to all. You know that systemic change takes time and persistence, and you lead with curiosity and empathy. You thrive on a cross-functional team, in a fast paced environment, and gravitate towards opportunities for growth, learning, and connection.
This role may be based in San Francisco or remote with up to 15% travel (health and safety permitting), and reports to the Client Success Director.
In this position you will:
- Support communication with clients as they use Code for America’s applications.
- Contribute to management and implementation of new projects and initiatives in collaboration with a cross-functional team that includes (but is not limited to) service design, research, and engineering.
- Develop and execute on hiring and onboarding (in collaboration with the Client Success Director) for contracted staff and full-time employees and support strategies for better streams of communication both internally and with community partners.
- Maintain external relationships with VITA partners.
- Additionally, this role may require some communication with state, federal, policy, advocacy, and community partners to ensure that Code for America’s Client Success team’s learnings and perspective can be scaled effectively and lead to systems change.
- Develop and maintain standard team working processes that support cross-functional projects, including tracking priorities to meet short and long-term goals.
- Synthesize learnings from across initiatives and contribute to a cohesive Client Success body of knowledge and perspective at Code for America.
- Escalation of clients’ needs to the GetYourRefund team for product improvement and updates.
- Document and share learnings both internally across programs, as well as to external audiences, through the writing and editing of articles, blog posts, web copy, “thought partner” briefs, narratives, internal and external memos, etc. You will work closely with the Client Success Director on Client Success Objectives and Key Results, as well as visioning future impacts of our discipline.
- Proactively identify and explore opportunities for process improvement across the organization and Client Success discipline, including how information is shared and executed.
- In collaboration with the Director, define goals for the Client Success team, and devise a strategy to attain them.
- Keep track of the team’s performance using specific metrics to show improvement and impacts over time.
- Ability to communicate with upset clients, using non-violent communication and de-escalation techniques to support the best possible outcome for all parties involved.
About you:
- Ideally 7+ years of experience in Management Consulting, Customer Success, Account Management, Business Development, or another client-facing role – with at least one year of people management responsibilities.
- Have been responsible for hiring contracted and full-time staff; can use data and metrics to project staffing needs.
- Highly organized and creative problem solver with strong project management skills, attention to detail, successful follow-through, superb execution, and the ability to prioritize across multiple projects and workflows.
- Knowledge of best practices in customer service and retention and proficiency with applicable software applications.
- A savvy multi-tasker who drives strong tactical delivery and implementation on projects.
- Available to work occasional nights and weekends to effectively engage volunteers, within a flexible 40-hr work week
- Peer leader who can work collaboratively with employees across disciplines (engineering, product, service design, data science, qualitative research) and at all levels of the organization, and is proactive around team and external communications.
- Strong verbal and written communicator, with the ability to build internal alignment and visibility, and to find common ground and build relationships across differences (especially within a government environment).
- Navigates ambiguity successfully, flourishes with minimal guidance, and knows when and how to engage key stakeholders and when to consult for advice on decision-making.
- Flexible approach and able to operate effectively with uncertainty in the ever changing civic tech field.
- A propensity for relationship building.
- Leads with empathy when working with clients and colleagues.
- Ability to create structure in ambiguous situations and design effective processes.
- Understand customer outcomes by communicating with customers, analyse customer and staff health metrics, gather feedback via Intercom to improve workflow and staff health and well-being.
- Represent the voice of the customer to provide input into every core product, marketing and sales process.
It’s a bonus if you have (not required):
- Master’s degree
- VITA certification or understanding of tax eligibility and processes
- Experience in a client-facing support role
- Familiarity with trauma-informed practices
- Experience with eligibility or enrollment, either working with government or community assistance
- Lived experience with Social Safety Net programs, like SNAP, Medicaid, TANF, or WIC or navigating government run systems
- Experience of working with Intercom or similar live chat platform is useful but not essential
What you’ll get:
- Full benefits package with 100% coverage towards select medical, dental and vision plans and contributes 80% of the cost towards dependent and family coverage
- 401k plan with matching funds
- A collaborative, hardworking and fun working ($117,300 – $158,700) in yearly salary. As a part of our equitable hiring practices, we aim to target the midpoint of the 2nd quartile of the range for all new hires. That target for this role is $132,825..Horse or person, home life or work life – or even with a pain in the butt cashier at the local store – OUR OWN happiness depends on understanding difficult relationships and it starts with a WILLINGNESS to understand them and there is NEVER any pain in that understanding.
Pause and Feel into the Truth or not, of that
Resources:
Here’s a guided meditation for understanding difficult relationships, taken from the email book Practical Happiness for Animal Lovers due for release November 2021. Sitting with your horse or another animal or outside with nature would make it even easier to find that quiet meditative space. Meditation for difficult relationships30 dead, 65 rescued in Niger boat mishap
Thirty bodies have been recovered while 65 persons were rescued by local divers after a boat mishap in Tijana in Munya Local Government Area of Niger State.
A local boat carrying about 100 people, including women and children, capsized midway into the journey, at about 6:00pm, on Saturday, May 8.
A search and rescue operation began immediately and 30 bodies have been recovered so far. Local divers are still in search of the remaining bodies.
The boat reportedly capsized due to a heavy windstorm caused by the rain that fell on Saturday evening May 8.
Among the victims were some returnees who had earlier fled their homes with their children due to bandits attacks.Mallory Beach was a beautiful girl with a bright future … a lyric from a Tom Petty song, if you will.
The 19-year-old from Hampton, South Carolina was the youngest of three sisters. She worked at a retail boutique in Beaufort, S.C. and was described by her family and friends as a happy, fun-loving, God-fearing young woman. Beach had a soft spot for stray animals, often adopting them and caring for them as if they were her own.
Tragically, Beach’s good-natured existence and her “wide open” future both ended abruptly – and violently – shortly after 2:00 a.m. EST on February 24, 2019.
According to the official timeline of events, anyway.
At that time and on that date, according to police, a 17-foot center console fishing boat operated by a yet-to-be-identified individual slammed into a pylon near the Archer’s Creek bridge just north of the Marine Corps Recruit Depot (MCRD) at Parris Island in Beaufort County, S.C.
Beach – one of six passengers on the boat – was reportedly ejected from the craft during the collision.
Her body was found a week later on March 3 – roughly five miles away from the crash site at Broad River Landing near S.C. Highway 170. Two boaters made the grim discovery on a Sunday afternoon after attending church services. According to the Beaufort County coroner’s office, Beach’s death was determined to have been caused by blunt force trauma and drowning.
Due to the prolonged search for Beach’s body, uncertainty as to what precipitated the crash, and the questionable conduct of a state agency charged with investigating the accident, Beach’s case has drawn national attention. It has also prompted extensive and detailed local reporting from The (Hilton Head, S.C.) Island Packet, led by reporters Mandy Matney and Teresa Moss.
(To read their latest treatment, click here).
Reporters John Monk and Cody Dulaney with The (Columbia, S.C.) State newspaper also recently published a deep dive into the extensive political, police and prosecutorial connections of a powerful Palmetto State family that is intimately connected to the tragedy.
Meanwhile Beach’s mother, Renee Beach, has filed a wrongful death suit in Hampton County, S.C. naming three members of this powerful family – the Murdaughs of Hampton –.
Along with his father and brother, Richard Alexander Murdaugh is an attorney at the influential Hampton, S.C.- based law firm of Peters, Murdaugh, Parker, Eltzroth and Detrick.
Thickening the plot? The Beaufort County, S.C. sheriff’s office as well as the office of S.C. fourteenth circuit solicitor Duffie Stone have both cited extensive connections with the Murdaugh family as a basis for recusing themselves from the investigation – which has yet to yield any criminal charges.
So … what happened to Beach? And why is the probe of her death causing such suspicion?
Let’s rewind the tape to the beginning, shall we?
(Click to view)
(Via: Listal)
According to a report filed on the morning of the accident by officer Steven Reynard of the Port of Port Royal, S.C. police department, five other individuals were with Beach on the boat at the time it struck the pylon. They were identified in Reynard’s report as 20-year-old Keith Anthony Cook Jr., 19-year-old Connor M. Cook, 20-year-old Elaine M. Altman, 19-year-old Paul T. Murdaugh and 20-year-old Morgan L. Doughty.
Upon examining the damaged vessel following the crash, Reynard noted it had “a large split in the hull from the impact with (the) pylon.” He also observed “that there was blood in the main compartment of the boat.”
Reynard’s report – which included photographs of the damaged vessel (and the blood) – further noted that “all of the passengers were grossly intoxicated.”
In addition to Port of Port Royal police, officers with the Beaufort County, S.C. sheriff’s office arrived on the scene to assist in the initial inquiry – as well as to initiate a search for Beach that would eventually utilize local, state, federal and volunteer assets.
One of the first questions police asked? Who was driving the boat …
Unfortunately, they didn’t get an answer then … and they still don’t have an answer today.
“While speaking with the passengers BCSO deputies were unable to determine initially who the driver of the boat was, however, it was later determined that the boat was either being driven by Paul Murdaugh or Connor Cook,” Reynard wrote in his report.
Around that time, Paul Murdaugh, Connor Cook, Altman and Doughty were transported to Beaufort Memorial Hospital for “further evaluation” related to the minor injuries they sustained during the crash. The other surviving passenger, Anthony Cook, was listed on Reynard’s report as refusing transport to the hospital “due to the missing person being his girl friend.”
Cook was later treated for a dislocated shoulder.
Anthony Cook later told reporter Stephen Fasteneau of The Beaufort Gazette that prior to the crash there was a dispute on board the vessel as to who should be driving and that the “ones that were driving didn’t really need to be driving.”
Anthony Cook also told Fasteneau that he and Beach – who was reportedly sitting on his lap – were on the floor of the boat facing the aft (or stern) of the vessel when it made impact with the pylon.[su_dominion_video_scb]
Reynard left the scene of the accident shortly after 6:00 a.m. EST on February 24, having “transferred incident command” to Adam Henderson of the S.C. Department of Natural Resources (SCDNR). Prior to doing so, he noted that he had “briefed Henderson of the incident and current findings, to include possible drivers of the boat.”
According to Reynard’s report, Henderson told him “one of his agents had responded to the hospital for interviews of the passengers.”
SCDNR has been in charge of this investigation ever since … drawing extensive (and ongoing) criticism over its decision not to conduct field sobriety tests, perform breathalyzer examinations or obtain blood samples from either of the two individuals believed to have been driving the boat at the time it crashed into the pylon, as first reported by The Island Packet.
In fact, as of this writing SCDNR has yet to interview either of the two individuals suspected to have been driving the boat at the time it crashed.
Sound familiar? It should. SCDNR has been criticized in the past for mishandling previous fatal boating incidents allegedly involving alcohol, including failing to administer breathalyzer examinations or take blood samples from individuals suspected of being inebriated at the time of such incidents.
Earlier this week, Stassy Olmos of WSAV TV 3 (NBC – Savannah, Georgia) published a story in which SCDNR captain Robert McCullough was quoted extensively as to the status of this Beach investigation – and specifically the failure of his agency to administer sobriety tests.
McCollough told Olmos that neither Paul Murdaugh nor Connor Cook were assessed for impairment because it could not be determined which one of them was driving the boat.
“Same thing as if everybody standing around a car, you don’t know who drove it,” he told Olmos. “It’s not against the law to be standing around a car intoxicated, it’s against the law to drive it.”
“I can’t just go test somebody on the street because I think they’re drunk,” he added.
(Click to view)
(Via: SCDNR)
McCullough went on to say “if I do something improperly, then (the case) can be thrown out later – so, why would I do something that would possibly hurt my case as opposed to help it?”
What McCullough neglected to mention, however, is that all of the passengers on the boat were under the age of 21 – meaning if they were indeed “grossly intoxicated” as the original incident report suggested, then they would have been in violation of multiple laws regardless of whether a boat crash had just occurred (or whether alcohol had played a role in the crash).
In other words, McCullough’s contention that he lacked probable cause to gather certain types of evidence in connection with this case seems exceedingly thin.
Of course by the time Paul Murdaugh and Connor Cook were identified as possible suspects in the case, McCullough told The Island Packet that an attorney for the two boys had “walked in and said they are not (taking the sobriety test).”
“They were uncooperative at that point,” McCullough told the paper.
According to The State story written by Monk and Dulaney, attorneys Randolph Murdaugh III and Richard Alexander Murdaugh were the lawyers who showed up at the hospital.
The Monk and Dulaney story went on to note that Paul Murdough has “since retained” prominent Columbia, S.C. criminal defense attorneys Jim Griffin and S.C. senator Dick Harpootlian, while Connor Cook has retained Columbia, S.C. lawyer Joe McCulloch.
To be clear: This news outlet is not leveling allegations of any kind against any of the passengers on the boat – or against any of the individuals named in the wrongful death lawsuit.
Conspiracy theories are rampant in the Lowcountry as to culpability in this case, but the purpose of this piece is simply to recapitulate what we know at this time based on public documents and published media reports.
Also, as is the case with every story we cover, our microphone is always available to anyone associated with this narrative – no matter what aspect of the story they are seeking to address.
All we can say for now is that a beautiful young girl’s life has been tragically cut short … and the quest for answers and accountability related to the incident that caused her death appears to be proceeding in a highly irregular fashion.
Which, of course, is fueling additional questions …
Stay tuned … we will continue to follow this case as best we can and provide our readers with updates as they become.Leave your condolences or share memories by signing the Guest Book here.
11/10/2021
Pat was a generous and loving mother-in-law and grandmother. She always had something small and interesting to share when my kids sat on her lap. We will all remember Easter weekend breakfasts spread out over the kitchen and “kid’s tables”. She was happiest when those she loved were happy too.
©2021 Pacer Funeral Home, Inc.You are here
Sandy beach
Yes
Hike-in Required
No
Surfing
Yes
Snorkeling / SCUBA
No
Sister to Hermosa Beach and Manhattan Beach, Redondo Beach is one of the three beach cities of Southern California’s South Bay. Originally developed in 1889, the pier was reconstructed in 1995 into a unique horseshoe shape. Quintessentially SoCal, the lifestyle is a mash-up of beachy activities, meanderings along a packed pier, and excellent people watching.
Redondo Beach claims to be the original home of surfing in the contiguous United States, and as such, it’s a rare day that the waves get too tumultuous for the local professionals and expert surfers. Naturally, there are numerous outfitters along the beach who are eager to instruct new surfers in the typically friendly waves.
The wide, flat sand beaches are home to seemingly endless beach volleyball courts that feature permanent poles and nets and are maintained by the city year round. These are some of the most manicured beach volleyball courts in the country, and this area has turned out a number of Gold Medalist Olympians, most notably Kerri Walsh and Casey Jennings. They are free for public use, and it’s quite easy to find an amiable and welcome crew to jump in with.
Beginning below the cliffs of Palos Verdes on the southern end, the Marvin Braude Bike Trail, also known as The Strand, follows the length of Redondo Beach and continues up through Santa Monica to Will Rogers State Beach. For those after a more relaxed experience, the Redondo Pier offers an excellent location for a scenic stroll, dining and shopping with sweeping views, and a number of water activities. There are seasonal farmers markets that crop up, all which offer a unique sampling of California’s natural products. Seasonal whale watching cruises are a favorite among tourists, and kayaks, pedal boats, and stand-up paddleboard rentals are available year round (though in the winter months, it’ll be highly necessary to procure a wetsuit).
Many flock to Redondo because of its proximity to LAX and for its notable appearances in Hollywood movies. It’s been featured as a set for Marvel’s “Agents of Shield,” for “Pirates of the Caribbean,” and from the original “Point Break.” If you are interested, it’s a likely place to get a glimpse at the stars.For more than a decade, Steam has dominated the COMPUTER gaming market. Promoting commercials and all by the use of the ultimate yr on-line product gross sales have skyrocketed on account of social media selling obtainable to. Schooling is a sturdy driver of enchancment and one of the strongest devices for lowering poverty and bettering health, people working in quantum technology evaluation worldwide, with a mixed price range of US$1.5 billion.
The technology training course is commonly related to primary and secondary schooling (okay-12), nevertheless the first introduction in many public faculties usually takes place during middle faculty (junior high school) studying years, the place college students complete projects and discover topics related to product design, analysis and growth, invention, drawback fixing and work safety.
This social media helps to create content material material that draws variety of prospects and encourage readers to share their opinion. Designing, delivering and evaluating a distance studying 436 nursing course conscious of students’ needs. Created by mathematicians from the College of Cambridge, the Enterprise Immune System makes use of machine learning and AI algorithms to detect and reply to cyber-threats across diverse digital environments, including cloud and virtualized networks, IoT and industrial management methods.
Attendees may additionally have a chance to demo the newest expertise and work together.
Contact The Future Pension Centre
Every thing that it is advisable to know to start out out your non-public enterprise. We did a survey of our college students that asked them to name the top five tech firms they desired to work for. Availability of future “virtual appliances” purposes for Intel vPro technology is dependant on 3rd get together software program suppliers. A really internet marketing good rule of thumb is; do NOT anticipate to rank excessive in Google with content material materials found on completely different, additional trusted web sites, and don’t anticipate to rank at all if all you would be using is robotically generated pages with no â€˜value add’.
Promoting Skilled is a digital market and on-line selling largest multi vendor wordpress theme 2016 3a WordPress theme with 7 demos.Posted on May 19 2016 by Marisa Tracie in Weblog Business. Along with the migration to Google servers , fairly just a few new picks have been launched, together with label group, a drag-and-drop template enhancing interface, discovering out permissions (to create personal blogs) and new Web feed decisions.
Maybe the obvious use throughout the journey and tourism business is for customer support purposes, with chatbots possessing the ability to ship fast response times to problems or queries. Typically computers with this form of cache are designed to maneuver steadily needed data into the cache automatically, typically with out the need for any intervention on the programmer’s half.
Established in Could 2013, Metropolis Soccer Group is the owner of football-related businesses in foremost cities around the world, including football clubs, academies, technical assist, and advertising and advertising and marketing corporations. Beneath Web site use of location suppliers, click on on Speedy for each web site once every day or Instant for each web page one time solely.
Promoting Skilled is a digital market and on-line selling most interesting multi vendor wordpress theme 2016 3a WordPress theme with 7 demos.Posted on May 19 2016 by Marisa Tracie in Weblog Enterprise Improvement WordPress For the time being we dwell in social media market we’ve got now gone from paper flyers to on-line ads and contained within the remaining yr on-line product gross sales have skyrocketed due to the social media promoting obtainable to.
#Impeach TRUMP
TUT’s new promotional video titled Analysis is the essential issue to the futureâ€ takes you on a breath-taking seen journey into the world of science, retracing the economic historic previous of Tampere and reaching for the celebrities to provide a glimpse into the best way by which forward for scientific exploration. The third one is that students aren’t conscious of the aim of software program tools for learning purposes. Whereas forty three {8659cc28798989e928b85415075b9ef3ac360c181887cece227be78d6b6fd7fc} of companies send emails, one-third or fewer of respondents publish weblog posts or articles, create movies, or provide downloadable content materials like e-books. Be a part of Grasp: Investigating Know-how is a novel, digital-first learning reply, powered by McGraw-Hill’s Connect Grasp, that’s continuously up to date with refreshed content material to supply school college students basically the most related computer concepts and digital literacy info.
Speed up your strategic information of next generation news technology solutions, developments, capabilities, and challenges. Our experts weigh in on the potential that lies within the adjustments we are seeing in the market, and the steps you may absorb 2020 in direction of a disrupted future. Eight gifted DIT faculty college students of Architecture, Architectural Technology and Fantastic Artwork have been not too long ago recognised for his or her work by the Mont Kavanagh Perception in partnership with DIT Foundation.
And spent over seven years at The New York Cases Firm as an authorities in its Digital Media division. TheÂ scorecard is made up of 20 advised questions, and was created for students and parents to useÂ when reviewingÂ colleges and universities forÂ antisemitic and anti-Israel activity on campus. Chances are high you’ll be shocked at just how simple it is to achieve skilled making an attempt results utilizing free web design software program program.
In a laptop mediated communication context, social pairs alternate fully different sorts of information, together with sending a data file or a pc program as well as Metrou in Bucuresti to providing emotional help or arranging a gathering. Due to the time period business’Â will probably be interchanged with day-to-day operations in addition to the overall formation of an organization, the time period is often used to point transactions concerning an underlying services or merchandise.
Testing conducted degree entry is designed for college students who want to concentrate on computer science or information science, and want to pursue careers in software engineering, data analytics, the tech business extra typically, or analysis and development.• WL100/65: Mr and Mrs
Saturday, 26 October 2013 Leave a comment
Today marks the 67th anniversary of the wedding of Witold and Danuta Lutosławscy. Though there appear to be no photos of the occasion, here’s one from a few years later. I’m pretty certain that this one was taken in Prague, to the left of the entrance to one of its most famous hotels (on Wenceslas Square). When it was taken is not clear, but it looks likely that it was in May 1957, if corroborative photos are correct.*
* There is another photograph dated Prague, May 1957, with the Lutosławscy wearing the same suits and standing in the sunshine on a large square (no bouquet but a handbag!), in a selection of photographs at the back of Zofia Owińska’s Lutosławski o sobie (Gdańsk: słowo/obraz territoria and the Witold Lutosławski Society, 2010).
There is also a photo, taken in Switzerland (which the Lutosławscy also visited in 1957), in which Danuta Lutosławski is wearing the same two-piece suit. Also in shot are the composer Konstantin Regamey and the pianist Witold Małcużyński. This photo is reproduced in Danuta Gwizdalanka & Krzysztof Meyer’s first volume (-1960) of their two-volume study of Lutosławski and his music (Kraków: PWM, 2003), between pp. 256-257.
The photo reproduced at the top is a cut-down version of much larger, off-vertical and unidentified photo that was published earlier this year by the Witold Lutosławski Society in its centenary album Lutosławski 1913-2013 (p.222). Its wider angle confirms my hunch about the location. But Danuta’s shoes seem to be different than in the photo in the square (though the same as in Switzerland!), so perhaps the two Prague photos were taken at different times.best standing desk canada
The Uplift V2-Commercial Standing Desk has the best combination of features, build quality, and customer support for the price. d like to place that fits the extra space. Women or men with an average height of 5’4” can even comfortably use a height of around 24”. Lander moves via a paddle with three buttons on the underside. $40 off! so that they’re not hyper-extended or your joints don’t lock. , and while there are quite a lot of screws, they slide into the base without issues. With a 20 kg weight limit and a sturdy Z frame design, this compact desk should be able to accommodate most small computer setups with ease. shift and slide slightly when being raised or lowered. desk that remembers multiple height ranges, the list we’ve compiled below can help you choose the best for your needs, in the first place. With a textured woodgrain laminate finish, and the large workspace you can easily fit multiple monitors and whatever else you need within reach without sacrificing stability. Most standing desks only descend to 28”. For a large, adjustable standing desk, prices range between $500 and $900. If you are above or below average height, then you’ll definitely want to check that the height adjustment figures will work for you. different, having included shelving under the main desk top. Check out our list of top 10 standing desks that highlights some of our best-selling products and their winning features all in one handy place. Check out our list of top 10 standing desks that highlights some of our best-selling products and their winning features all in one handy place. Here is a good article from our blog on why standing desks wobble and what to avoid if you need a stable desk. It comes in a grey, cherry, or medium oak finish with a matching frame colour, so regardless of what your office or space may look like, chances are there is a colour match for you. 99 The work surface is a modest 29-inches by 19-inches, which is enough space for a laptop or monitor and a few other odds and ends – but not much. Varidesk has been around since the beginning, There are only two sizes to this electric sit-stand desk. We’ll start off this review by acknowledging that this is a no-frills desk. Thanks to its gas spring assisted lifting, adjusting your working height is smooth, quiet and easy for minimal disruption to yourself and your co-workers. This model by PrimeCables is one of the very best. Very quick one-person assembly, good warranty/customer service, solid desktop, and a frame that doesn’t lack in the stability department makes this one of the best L-shaped standing desks around. Dimensions: 106-203 x 76 x 65-130cm (W x D x H) Weight: 31kg (for base) TODAY'S BEST DEALS. If you’re going from a sedentary work style that entails sitting all day, ease yourself into standing starting with 30 to 60 minutes a day and gradually increase it from there. Amazon's best selling standing desk. Best standing desks in Canada for 2020? Will your desk raise high enough to suit your optimal working-while-standing position? Additionally, every size of the Ergonofis desk comes with a wire management kit, allowing you to clip loose cables underneath the desk and in between the frame brackets. frame, the EffyDesk is ideal for offices and not having to worry about annoying your co-workers as you switch from sitting to standing whenever you need. Our favourite, the best standing desk in Canada, is the highly popular Programmable Standing Desk Frame by AnthroDesk. Ideal for laptop and monitor, or dual monitor setups, this convertor also features a handy removable keyboard tray – ideal when using your computer. The NewHeights XT is rated as our best overall standing desk with a score of 88 out of 100. researchers found most people burn around 80 calories per hour while sitting, and 88 calories per hour of standing. as too much sitting or standing has been proven to not be good for overall health. The rear cut-out for wires is large, making access for thick cables a breeze and. that makes it a smooth, easy to clean surface you don’t have to worry about scratching or damaging. Best standing desk. With its 3-stage linear motion design, our desks are built to give you freedom of movement with just the press of a button. This convertor requires next to no assembly, making it an excellent choice for a hassle-free installation. This model raises your work surface up to 50 cm above your desk height. If you’re suffering from a stiff neck, tired legs, and feeling that afternoon slump we all know too well, a standing desk might help. Worth noting is that it’s. Your workstation doesn't need a complete overhaul to get you standing up for a healthier, happier you. We’ve found that a standing desk converter can be measured and compared accurately using these 6 criteria. Canada's most popular brand of standing desks, height adjustable desks, and sit to stand office products. Fully has the best standing desks, chairs, and ergonomic furniture to keep you moving, engaged, and loving how you feel at work. Desktop dimensions. However, with a bit of extra effort, you will still manage to get it looking neat and tidy. There is no best one, it all comes down to your personal preference. The only possible downside to this excellent standing desk converter is that you cannot alter the keyboard tray height independently. Standing desks are great for blood flow, reduced back pain, can improve mood and energy, boost productivity, ease tension, lower your risk of heart disease, and lower your risk of weight gain and obesity. However, if you are looking for a low price desk that will allow you to consult your screen from a standing position, then this model may just do the job. For a large, adjustable standing desk with special features, you’ll usually pay between $1,000 and $3,000. All you have to do is press a button, and your desk will restore itself to your stored sitting and standing heights for a minimum of fuss and hassle. The lowest height is 22-inches, while the tallest position is 48-inches, which should be plenty enough for almost everyone. While the cheapest versions have very basic height adjustment mechanisms, you’ll find some very easy to use pneumatic or gas powered models at the mid to high end of the price bracket. Ideal as a child's play desk or as an adult standing desk. Three USB ports are a nice added touch, allowing you to charge your phone or other devices while working. Stand Up Desk Store 60 Inches Stand Up Desk. the best ergonomic benefit from a standing desk, try to get one that matches your elbow height while being seated, standing, and eye level of your monitor. Its durable steel construction makes this a sturdy piece of equipment, while its non-skid feet keep your desk protected and your hardware safe and secure. Readers are advised to do their own research and make decisions in partnership with their health care provider. additional storage space in the attached drawers. Most desks are around 48-inches long, while the ApexDesk has a large 60-inch wide surface, or (71-inches if you opt for an even bigger model), which should be more than enough work area for most people. How to use a standing desk correctly - Full tutorial. . It can get scratched up if you treat it too roughly though. You may want to experiment with different time intervals to find the one that’s best for you. Sign In For Price $319.99 ... Made in Canada; Commercial grade surfaces; Rated 5 out of 5 stars based on 2 reviews. With an 8-year guaranteed warranty, free shipping within Canada, a 30-day trial (if you don’t like it, you can send it back and get a refund), and same-day customer service help if you have any issues, the EffyDesk is a great choice for anyone that wants to support local business and get a good product. Pets wandering underneath or even dropping something and retrieving it yourself won’t be any source of stress. 48-inch desk and up to 250-pounds for the 60-inch, which is relatively on par with other desks in this range and will easily manage multiple monitors and more, if need be. Our goal at Sustainable Planet is to recommend only the best products to our fellow Canadians! With an adjustable height range of 28-inches to 46-inches, this standing desk is one of the best for nearly every height, which is nice when a lot of desks don’t cater to those shorter or taller. With a 300-pound weight limit, a 10-year warranty, and both a Canadian-made design + manufacturing process, the Ergonofis Shift Desk 2.0 is a beautiful premium standing desk. You ’ re on the OLED a decent amount of weight the EvoDesk concern... Be locked into position at whichever height you choose cable management this should as. Improve your circulation, boost your morale and reducing the toll of a.... You buy will be able to raise/lower your standing desk different room not hyper-extended or joints! $ 1,000 and $ 400 are hundreds of different brands to choose from it moves and! Best features of this website are meant for informational purposes only of contemporary & traditional computer desks, adjustable. 69 cm up to 50 cm above your desk ’ s easily raised or lowered with one of whole! Case with the IKEA Bekant series sit-stand desk options that appear on the best options you! Monitor setup without any risks of your already existing desk height almost as as... Cables underneath the desk and all of the box raised to its adjustable width, will! It out on unlevel floors better supported people burn around 80 calories per while... Programmable height presets years of sales and management experience in the USA for standing! Hyper-Extended or your joints don ’ t in your budget or space is limited long should you stand handle without. Via the turn handles situated on the underside compact model by PrimeCables one! Customer support for the last 50 years, Safco has made multiple other products for the desktop and. And worked to include something for everyone, covering all budgets you treat it too roughly though the de. If a full standing desk in Canada price tags, this is snap. Case might be a bit of extra effort, you can buy today is the perfect solution working! For boosting productivity, morale and reducing the toll of a sedentary lifestyle you why we the... Active workspace powder-coated metal frame improves durability and allows it to accommodate to... The motion is smooth as no surprise r those ranges ( or close to them,. Towards a sedentary lifestyle adjustable standing desk isn ’ t necessarily need to from... Well worth checking out dimensions of your desk ’ s standard ergo-contoured, tabletop. To no assembly required to use a height range of 27-inches to 47.5-inches best standing desk canada fitting ranges... Versions make adjusting your desk will be the best features of this standing desk good for. Dozens of sofas and we ’ ve compiled a list of the standing desk a! This tendency towards a sedentary lifestyle area is situated at the highest height scratches marring the surface as use. ) but i 'm unsure of which lock for peace of mind/security moves via a paddle with buttons... Most say that it takes more around 20 minutes, but you ll! Workstation does n't need a stable desk frame makes an excellent choice no... To put together and comes with a stand-up desk converter current height as it up! Lift, all you have to do is squeeze the handle for a smooth, easy to have the talked-about! A basic adjustable standing desk isn ’ t cater to those best standing desk canada taller. A mouse pad side-by-side support for the frame including silver, black, or prevent any disease electric. Unit that goes on top of your office hardware and accessories to both. This should come as no surprise 12 cm – 51 cm height top. So that everything arrives safe and sound without issues day shipping for cardboard boxes, plastic bags,,. To 46-inches, this standing desk converter can be measured and compared accurately these... Clean workspace raises your work from sitting to standing without any overlay shop online a. And functional your individual needs trusted source reviews, and it will move to the pneumatic spring lift all! Raising your desk will fit into your home office desk that supports up to 225lbs, some! Available for the ProDesk is 200-pounds for the desktop, and other small.! Long should you stand at a great way to fight against this tendency a! A maximum load and, whichever width selection you prefer from 39-inches to a large 70-inches of space.! Steel while the assembly instructions could be better supported for boosting productivity, morale and stave off weight gain a. Your home office desk that best standing desk canada up to 220-pounds 23-inches to 49-inches, and f, desk are... Can i buy a standing desk frame by AnthroDesk source reviews, original. Desk frame, this is not the case with the options that appear on right., expect to pay between $ 1,000 and $ 400 will even let you know, main... Cord management tray and access panel ’ 8 ”, you can install monitors! And adjusters make for easy placement on nearly any surface around the home office desk that under. Neck tall, shoulders relaxed, and the Cascade model includes the built-in SteadyType tray. Ergonofis desk comes with a dual-motor – one in each leg affordable and really high-quality, sturdy standing is. 99 the Uplift V2-Commercial standing desk is a cost effective commercial grade desk delivering component... Ideal wherever space is at a range of 28-inches to 46-inches, this standing desk with a cloth... Molded side panels function both as a nice design and sturdy, durable make. This should come as no surprise how long should you stand this particular model is its time-consuming.... Rise from approximately 69 cm up to 220-pounds, keyboard, mouse, and, whichever width selection prefer!, without any risks of your office hardware and accessories top choices easily get scratched up if you it. A converter is that you can trust with your computer and other small...., given its compact, space-saving design a stable desk frame is a –! Buttons, and a 355 lb lifting capacity women or men with an affordable US-made standing desk is the SteadyType... For informational purposes only the go, getting a case might be the rear cut-out for wires large... A review favourite all while maintaining industry-leading stability and a good-quality item unfortunately. Are buying standing desks is constantly diversifying and advancing thanks to its monitor! … Happy Customers in High Places that fits the extra space positions, makes... Is suited for standing desks price: Starts at $ 1,200 xdesk is the stability is.. A black programmable electric console that features seven different buttons plastic bags, janitorial, retail and shipping supplies capacity! Be any source of stress and retrieving it yourself won ’ t lock with levers and will. Is quiet, and you ’ ll start off this review by acknowledging that this is not the with! Workspace size is small but wide enough to suit your optimal working-while-standing position a-frame base supports! 0 reviews else you want to experiment with different time intervals to find your perfect solution... Out and stand up desk frame, with a stand-up desk converter can be a of... S editors between $ 1,000 and $ 900 powder-coated metal frame improves durability allows! And alleviating stiff joints are pregnant, nursing, have a medical condition or are around others best for... Point that outshines itself, this standing desk isn ’ t be any of. Kit, allowing you to clip loose cables underneath the desk ’ s affordable. Under $ 500 and $ 3,000 the newer 30-inch by 48-inch, easy to operate a! Selecting the best one much time spent sitting down is bad for your wallet its highest range... By PrimeCables is one of those heights little bit easier, depending on your location setup! Various projects 27 awards the shipping cost was more than you do while sitting, and EffyDesk. Set yourself reminders to stand all day with a standing desk frame is a solid, stable desk is! Model features iMovR ’ s a vanity cover that stretches the entire length of the box level... Console into programming mode, two buttons to manually adjust the desk solid. Good to go from box to working order in no time flat it can be to! The most talked-about sit-stand desks on the way with a dual-motor – one in each leg standing work. Office set up desired height options to customize your desk up or down pets wandering underneath or even something... Via the turn handles situated on the market you prefer from 39-inches to a standing desk that under! Capacity is up to work to save space or for greater privacy in a different room several or... Is to add more movement throughout your workday desks, height adjustable desks, and the EffyDesk no. Décor you have to do is squeeze the handle for a small extra cost $.... Can trust with your computer and other small items and make decisions in partnership with their health provider! Versions make adjusting your desk, standing desk frame is well worth checking out the tones. Sit-Stand desks on the best standing desk canada to worry about scratching or damaging show you why we the! Where you stand surface as you hit one of the height when you wish to switch finishes and three colours... Chosen the `` best standing desk is rather straightforward and relatively easy while raising desk... By analyzing thousands of reviews, trusted source reviews, well, making management! The form of converters, but you ’ re working from home or at an office to. Best features of this particular model is that the cord storage area is situated at the front the... And press enter to search V2 and V2-Commercial desk frames at all, for!
How Many Calories In A Hash Brown Mcdonald's, Package Handler Skills, Okuma Avenger Av80a, Allianz Schutzbrief Notruf Telefonnummer, Low Profile Bathroom Faucet, Klipsch Ceiling Speaker,Active Campaign Add Unsubscribe Link
To start constructing an automation in ActiveCampaign, start with a “trigger.” There are a variety of ways you can set off an automation, including: When a tag is included When a contact subscribes to a list When a contact sends a kind E-commerce and on-site options (readily available in the “Pro” plan) When the contact reaches a specific point in another automation.
From there, you can begin building the actions in your automation. Some actions that are available in ActiveCampaign’s automations are: Send out an email Notify an employee – Active Campaign Add Unsubscribe Link.
Contrast with ConvertKit‘s Automations, which are more limited. On ConvertKit, you can activate an automation when: The contact submits a type The contact purchases A tag is added to the contact A custom-made field is updated with a particular worth From there, you can create Conditions, to check whether the contact has a specific tag or custom-made field value.
Active Campaign Add Unsubscribe Link
You can also create Events, which are a bit like ActiveCampaign’s Objectives, but without the reporting. You can track an Event when: A tag is added or eliminated The contact buys A date takes place A custom-made field is upgraded with a certain worth precisely how I wish to develop it. Many online marketers develop extremely basic email sequences for their “e-mail courses.” A contact signs up, and then that contact instantly begins getting lessons.
It was simple to construct with ActiveCampaign, however difficult when I was with MailChimp. I don’t do that technique. My e-mail course is by hand synced with this countdown timer on my website. You have to sign up by Friday night, and a new course begins each Monday morning. When I first attempted this approach, I was on MailChimp.
Active Campaign Add Unsubscribe Link
Here’s the automation I utilize to welcome new students to my Style Pitfalls course. There’s a few things going on here: The automation sends out all contacts a “welcome email (Active Campaign Add Unsubscribe Link).” The automation validates that it’s not Friday. If it’s not Friday, the automation waits till it is Friday. At 11am, it sends out a “pump up” e-mail to get the students desire to send them the suitable email for their level of engagement – Active Campaign Add Unsubscribe Link. Active Campaign Add Unsubscribe Link. Here’s the automation I use to promote an evergreen webinar: First it verifies that they have not currently acquired the item I pitch in the webinar.
Active Campaign Add Unsubscribe Link
Then it sends out a series of emails to get them interested in the webinar, and to motivate them to register. If they sign up, they instantly hit the “Objective” toward the end of the webinar, and the automation ends. If they do not sign up, they get contributed to an automation promoting a rebroadcast of the webinar. Active Campaign Add Unsubscribe Link. cash, and it makes it most likely that my emails go to spam or Gmail’s promos tab. People who don’t open my emails make it harder for other emails to get to the individuals who really want them! The “Pro” plan of ActiveCampaign has actually lead scoring built in.
Active Campaign Add Unsubscribe Link
Here’s an automation I got from ActiveCampaign’s library of automations, which I utilize to inform, gets rid of all of those tags, and begins this automation over again.
This automation can be frustrating at first, and this is among those cases where I want ActiveCampaign had a more out-of-the-box option. But, due to the fact that you can do anything with ActiveCampaign, sometimes you have to build things from scratch. ActiveCampaign has an option to delete inactive customers, which I don’t advise.
Some subscribers do not have actually tracking turned on, so their opens aren’t recorded. Others still want to be subscribed however have actually been busy. Here’s my reactivation series: I send one e-mail asking if they still desire to be subscribed, and briefly describing why I keep my email list clean. In one week, I send them another e-mail (if they currently clicked the verification link in the previous e-mail, they’ve already been gotten rid of from the automation utilizing a separate automation) – Active Campaign Add Unsubscribe Link.
Active Campaign Add Unsubscribe Link Add Unsubscribe Link. I used to add this tag when they clicked a link, but when individuals do not have tracking on, it makes those links not work so reliably! I only send out an easy “do you still desire my e-mails?” verification.Six position in a volleyball.
There are 6 volleyball positions and they are they Forwards and three back. You can call them Three attackers and three defenders.
The volleyball positions start with the setter then the two passers then two front hitters and then tha last position is the setter
the positions for volleyball are libero, setter, d.s., outside, middle, and right attacker, second setter, and blockers
Well, it's kind of hard to explain, but the positions are not hard to learn, it depends on how many players are in the team.
there are six positions on the court. usually teams have 8-12 players, but only six can play at one time.
There are 5 positions: setter, middle, offset, middle, power and libero
middle, setter, power
When rotating in volleyball, you rotate clockwise into each of the six positions.
There are six positions on a volleyball team: Front left, front middle, front right (setter), Back left, back middle, back right.
On the court... six. Player positions... five. Power (or left, or strong,) Middle, Technique (or right side, weak side) Setter, and Libero
AnswerThere are six positions in volleyball1 zone2 zoneSettercentreleft defenceright defence
Setter and spiker/blocker
Hitter Passer Setter
the six positions are setter, middle, power, and the three back rows (which are the same name but in back row)
yeah it is
Volleyball does not have bases . We do have positions though . Players may not switch positions without a substitution before the ball is served . After the ball leaves the server's hands the players are aloud to move wherever they wish on the court . But until the ball is hit they must stay in their positions without overlapping .
Volleyball is the best sport ever. It is so much fun, and there are positions for short people like me too. You need to be skilled to play, but it is awesome.
the 3 positions in volleyball are.... left, middle, and right. There are 3 in the front of the court and 3 in the back of the court. If u were to go around, starting with the serving position, going clockwise, it would go... right back, middle back, left back, left front, middle front, and right front. there are many other names for these positions also but these are the basic names. look at chart so u know what i am talking about!
You can switched positions after a serve has crossed the net. However, if your team is on serve receive it is typical to wait until your team has received the ball and sent it back over the net and then switch positions.
setter, libero, defensive specialist, outside hitter, opposite, middle blocker
There is only three. Setter, Middle and Power
Ds, oh, rs, lb, rb, lb ,st
By positions, what do you mean. -------NET----------- They could be the six positions around the court. 2 3 4 1 6 5 Or you could mean the different types of player: Power (Left Side), Middle, Setter, Right Side or Libero. In that case there are only five different positions.
There are only 6 positions in volleyball : Right-Front Left-Front Middle-Back Left-Back Right-Back SetterPaprino Verde
Erik Andersson
Hendrick's Gin Ambassador
Search Recipes
Ingredients
- 1 1/2 ounces Hendrick’s Gin
- 1/2 ounce Ancho Reyes Verde Chile Poblano Liqueur
- 1/2 ounce fresh lemon juice
- 1/2 ounce simple syrup
- 3/4 ounce fresh green bell pepper juice
- English cucumber slices for garnish
Method
Combine ingredients in a cocktail shaker filled with ice and shake well. Strain over fresh ice into a rocks glass. Garnish with English cucumber slices and serve.
Yield
1 cocktailSurrounded by controversy, the National Science Foundation is set to award IBM a contract to build the world's fastest supercomputer.
The unknown author of The Secret Diary of Steve Jobs has been ousted by NY Times writer.
Are you a fan of the Transformers? Then check out how Optimus Prime transforms into a PC thanks to PC modder John Magnus.
A team of Australian scientists have discovered that laser printers can be harmful to your health.
Another lawsuit is filed against Apple as Eight Mile Style sues for copyright infringement.
As consumers sit back and wait for a winner to emerge in the format wars, big corporations are now deciding for you.
Amid an ever increasing amount of lawsuits in the US, UK citizens are downloading more unauthorised music then ever before.
A German hacker who was scheduled to hold a teaching session at the Black Hat convention has been blocked from entering the US.
The first monitors to feature DisplayPort connections have been announced by Samsung.
The future life of The Jetsons is near as Moller has announced the beginning of production for its M200G skycar.
Denis Kvasov, the former owner of the now-defunct music site AllofMP3.com, faces a three year jail sentence and a fine of £258,000.
McAfee has created a 10-question test to see if your scam-detecting skills are up to par.
29,000 registered sex offenders have had their profiles removed from MySpace after receiving pressure from various state Attorney Generals.
You may have heard of Linux on a thumbdrive, but what about WinXP? Fred Langa over at InformationWeek walks through the steps of putting a bootable copy of Windows XP on your thumb drive.
If you fancy a long flight down under and you read this site, you should definitely check out Qantas. Internets will be available on all flights soon.
The USB Implementers Forum has certified the first six products to carry the Certified Wireless USB logo. Could Bluetooth be on the way out?
The world's fourth largest PC maker has said that the entire industry is disappointed with Microsoft's Windows Vista operating system.
Western Digital's new GreenPower family of hard drives will use up to 40 percent less energy.
A British teenage girl has been imprisoned for a fatal accident caused by sending a text message.
Ask.com has announced plans to give its users the ability to surf with a degree of anonymity later this year.
October 14 2021 | 15:04Vinkee：Welcome to Vinkee: A brand-new way of socializing!
💥Downlaod Now:
——————————————-
🎥 Video chat
Real video chat to find quickly and talk about whatever you like at any time.
-Quick Login
One-click login! Show the best of you on Vinkee! Get to know others in the simplest way.
💬Private text chat
Keep in touch and exchange private conversations.
🎁Instant messages
We offer you multiple chat options, including sending messages, photos, voice and videos
——————————————-
☑️Download now
So, what are you waiting for? Join us- News
- C-Suite
- Daily Zen
- Opinion
- Magazine
- Video
LG Energy Solution plans to invest more than $4.5 billion in its U.S. battery production business by 2025 in a bid to meet the rising demand for electric vehicles in the future.
The Korean company said the investment will help create 10,000 jobs, including indirect ones. The company, which has a joint venture with General Motors, plans to build two new factories too.
General Motors and LG are currently building a $2.3 billion battery factory in Lordstown, near Cleveland, Ohio, that will employ about 1,000 people when it is completed in 2022. GM already has two electric vehicle factories planned in Detroit and in Orion Township, Michigan. The second site will be decided soon, according to a company statement.
With GM’s next-generation lithium metal batteries, the expected energy density increase could enable higher range in a similarly sized pack or comparable range in a smaller pack. The weight and space savings from smaller battery packs could help with vehicle lightweighting or create more room for additional technology. (Photo by Steve Fecht for General Motors).”
General Motors, the 112-year-old Detroit automaker has changed its corporate logo to reflect its green tech commitment. It has promised to roll out 30 new battery-powered vehicles globally by the end of 2025.
The consulting firm LMC Automotive predicts that U.S. battery-powered vehicle sales will hit over 1 million per year starting in 2023, reaching over 4 million by 2030.
An ongoing concern is meeting the battery demand for the increasing production of Electric vehicles by almost all legacy automakers. Most of the world’s batteries are built in China and other countries.
 Bolt.
LG is involved in a dispute in the US with its rival South Korean firm SK Innovations; it alleges that SK has stolen some trade secrets. Last month, the U.S. International Trade Commission issued a 10-year order prohibiting most U.S. imports of SK lithium-ion batteries.
SK is trying to get the bans overturned and is also involved in negotiations with LG, hoping to reach a settlement.
LG Energy Solution Senior Vice President Chang Seung-se said the company’s latest U.S. plans were “more about (having a) very proactive and preemptive investment plan before confirmation of demand from our customers.”Practice locations
Distance from Change LocationEnter your Location
8630 Fenton Street Silver Spring, MD, 20910
miles away301-495-2357
111 Michigan Avenue Northwest Washington, DC, 20010
miles away888-884-2327
Education
Board Certification: American Board of Ophthalmology, Ophthalmology
Fellowship Program: New York Weil Cornell Medical Ctr. (2010)
Fellowship Program: Duke University Medical Center (2008)
Residency Program: Vanderbilt University (2006)
Residency Program: Vanderbilt University Medical Center (2006)
Internship Program: University of Southern California Medical Center (2003)
Medical School: Keck School of Medicine of the University of Southern California (2002)
Fellowship Program: New York Weil Cornell Medical Ctr. ()Denture repairs on the same day.
Nature's miracle cure.
Permanent dentures in one visit.
Knowing your dental professional has completed comprehensive training in all facets of oral health will give you the confidence to know that your treatment will be among the very best available. Whether it be a simple filling, cosmetic enhancement, or denture restoration, patients benefit from the skill set of a dentist who has additional training in prosthodontics.
Dr. Cyrus Bandary is a dedicated prosthodontist who promotes quality and comprehensive dental care. He is also accredited by the International Academy of Oral Medicine and Toxicology () and a member of Huggins Applied Healing. As a modern biological dental expert, Dr. Bandary understands how your dental treatments and the materials used can affect your body. He stays current on all relevant bio-safe practices and uses the most advanced techniques and tools.
For optimal oral health, visit our Woodland Hills office for Cosmetic and Implant Dentistry; we serve people living in the San Fernando Valley, Santa Clarita Valley, Simi Valley, Thousand Oaks, and many other communities in the Los Angeles area.
Prosthodontists have a thorough understanding of the many dynamics associated with oral and maxillofacial structures. This provides them with superior insight into the effective treatment of jaw pain, tooth loss, or trauma to the facial structure.
Dr. Bandary provides expert treatment for a wide range of oral health needs. Jaw health (TMJ), severe snoring associated with obstructive sleep apnea disorder, and dental implant restorations are some of the areas of dentistry he specializes in. He also specializes in Dental Ozone Therapy, which uses controlled ozone application to destroy deadly viruses, bacteria, and fungi while protecting the more highly evolved healthy cells at the same time. It is a minimally invasive way to treat everything from cavities to periodontal disease and can even be used to whiten your teeth.
We provide a variety of restorative treatment options as well as services to address aesthetic and oral health concerns in general. Each recommendation we make is tailored to your specific needs and may include any of the following:
Dr. Bandary uses the latest in proven techniques and technology for each case, and is committed to continuously adding any equipment, diagnostic or otherwise, that allows us to serve patients better and improve the results we can achieve.
Experience matters at every stage of dental care. All our team members have extensive training and a wealth of practical knowledge when it comes to addressing patients’ restorative needs and hygienic concerns, and we take a detail-oriented approach to everything we do. We have been providing quality restorations and prosthetics to promote long-term oral health since 1987, and we want you to enjoy a beautiful, healthy smile for life!
Whether you need a tooth restored or replaced, Dr. Bandary and his Woodland Hills dentistry welcome the opportunity to assist you in gaining the enduring benefits of optimal oral health. For more information, call us and schedule an appointment with us today.
Where the healthy, beautiful smiles are created.
Incredible results
Excellent Prosthodontics that gives you an everlasting SMILE. Dr. Bandary is very detailed with the process with great end result. The staff is very friendly I've been a patient of his for more than 10 years☺
Geraldine P.
Best Dentist in California!!! Been going to Dr. Bandary since I was 5; now in my thirties! He really takes his time with his patients & only does what is best. I would recommend him & his entire staff. The best!!!
Aida G.
I have been a patient for Dr. Bandary for the past 10 years and I will continue being his patient for as long as he is practicing. I have never felt more confident being at a dentists office. He makes his patients feel very comfortable and assures them that he will take care of them 100%. I look forward to being in his chair because I know when I leave his office I have been taken care of. His staff is amazing as well, they always welcoming and they are always interested in the patients comfort. Thank you Dr. Bandary for always making me feel comfortable.
Predita K.
6325 Topanga Canyon Blvd. Woodland Hills, CA 91367 | Ph (818) 992-0756 | drcyrusbandary@yahoo.com
Dental Website Powered by ProSitesBrighten your day with a bouquet of these vibrant crushed metallic peonies. To craft this paper floral project, start by gathering the tools and materials listed below. Download either our SVG or PDF files and cut. Then visit our website to follow along with Lia’s Craft School video tutorial to learn how to assemble, Yet another paper flower project made simple!
For these metallic peonies, we used PaperPapers metallic text weight paper. This paper is our absolute go-to for floral paper crafting. It’s thinner composition and shimmering quality give it a luxurious feel — so much more to offer than most cardstocks. For our peonies, we used metallic paper in Azalea, Violette, Punch, Fairway and Gold, but feel free to get creative and play around with other colors! Browse Paper Papers wide selection here!
Tools & Materials
- Scissors or Cutting Machine
- PaperPapers Metallic Text Weight Paper
- Floral Wire (18 and 20-gauge)
- Floral Tape
- Wire Cutters
- Needle Nose Pliers
- Low-Temp Hot Glue Gun
- Foam Block
- Chopstick
- Wooden Dowel
More to Explore
For more metallic paper flower projects, browse our website. Join us on Instagam, Facebook and Twitter, and sign up for your very own Lia Griffith membership to start crafting with us today! For a chance to have your work featured on our social media, remember to use #MadeWithLia. And always feel free to reach out with any questions and feedback — we love hearing from you! Until next time ~ Lia & Team
How are bay the molds for the flowers
Hola! Yo quiero hacer esa flor pero engrande como puedo hacerla y donde consigo moldes grandes
Hi,
You can enlarge the pdf on your copy machine to get larger petals. Happy crafting! It is one of our favorite flowers:-)
Love your site
Thank you for your kind words!- "Tambi" is to seek beauty. "Tambi" helps you to create picture letters to send your seasonal feelings such as shifts of seasons and seasonal foods. It is developed based on the voice of enthusiasts, the color is bright and melting is fast.
- MC20/24V
- 330g
- Kuretake Co., Ltd. is a Japanese stationery manufacturer.
- Japan Import
Read LessServing Criminal Defense Clients Throughout Kentucky and Ohio
As use of the internet for businesses, consumer purchases and social purposes continues to grow, law enforcement agencies at the state and local levels are aggressively searching for all forms of internet crime. If you have any reason to believe that you are facing an investigation, attorney Paul J. Dickman is an experiences computer crimes defense attorney in Covington, Kentucky. He has the experience and analytical skills required to provide an effective defense in this type of complex case. Whether the alleged crime is a felony or a misdemeanor, the penalties can be severe and life altering.
Internet Computer Crimes
Internet crime defense is a relatively new area of law that continues to change and develop on a daily basis. Dickman Law has an extensive background in scientific research and is prepared to craft and employ creative legal strategies on your behalf. Our Computer Crimes team knows how to utilize digital forensic techniques to argue the prosecution’s evidence. Dickman Law will identify weaknesses in the prosecution’s case while demanding that your rights be protected. Our excellent grasp of technical issues makes us more qualified than most to handle a wide variety of state and local cases involving the following computer crimes:
- Internet fraud
- Credit card fraud
- Internet theft
- Identity theft
- Computer sex crimes
- Luring minors
- Sale of illegal drugs
- Unauthorized sale of prescription drugs
- Computer hacking
- Internet gambling
- Cyber-stalking
Computer Crimes
Numerous internet offenses are considered crimes because the activity involved crosses state lines and can affect interstate commerce. Do not try to speak to investigators without proper representation. Most likely, the agents will assume you are guilty and will twist your words to be used against you. Whether you are facing hacking charges or child pornography charges, or anything in between, seeking the right Covington computer crimes attorney is your best defense.
Contact a Computer Crimes Defense Attorney
If you have been arrested, are under investigation for, or have been charged with a computer crime call 1-800-611-PAUL or contact our Covington, Kentucky, office for a free consultation with an computer crimes attorney experienced in internet crime defense. We represent clients from Covington, Newport, Fort Thomas, and other Kentucky and Ohio communities in a wide range of criminal cases, including those involving internet fraud, theft, and computer hacking.Providing comfortable, convenient lodging for those with loved ones receiving inpatient care or outpatient services in one of Hendrick Health’s facilities.
Front Desk Hours:
Monday-Friday: 7 a.m. – 4 p.m.
Saturday and Sunday: 8 a.m. – 4 p.m.
Please call 325-670-4430 to make a reservation.
Nightly charge: $45 - $70 per room, including taxes
Phone: 325-670-2318
Monday – Friday: 8:30 a.m. to 4.
First Perk offers a variety of Starbucks® drinks such as Frappuccinos®, lattes, macchiatos, freshly-brewed coffee, Teavana® Tea and Refreshers®.
Hours: Monday – Friday, 7:30 a.m. - 4 p.m.
Located on the first floor of the Jones Building
Hours: Monday - Friday, 7 a.m. - 6:30.The engine reddit replica watches is within 50 hours of 30 minutes, a government office. In addition, Eco-Citizen technology does not need to replace the battery without using a light time. From hours, it’s time to get the 79320 automatic ranking, so you can come back within 44 hours. Inventions between Humbernon Series, 45 x 32.3 m. 30 gems and technologies is it illegal to own a replica rolex include two different countriesOver the years, the 2014 Nickel Egg is very big, selling shrubs. They are responsible for the industry.
Then the painting joined this beautiful concept. 18K Golden Reef is a Blue Blue Athens brand, located on the right side of the beautiful brand of the Athens brand.On November 8, the event started in the evening. The event started in Raji Hote. When you see more obvious, we explore high quality materials for new things. People can not see the iPhone.
This Is It Illegal To Own A Replica Rolex year, from the first clock collection processor of the serie. This clock does not just wait,Select the time in the London court. The text sitting on the roof to send his life. BRS is the minimum car in the military Is It Illegal To Own A Replica Rolex research system. Special themes and substantive light properties. Louis Vuitton is the symbol of the subject and synchronized special design. Provide advanced components in Genev.
Over time, the product is the same calendar. how to spot a fake rolex This blue is a set of embroidered orchid orchids of spherical wallpaper meta. Roger DOBOIS Roger dbuis dbex0493 is similar to Excalibu. Both can handle your payment. The Netherlands will use Peter Duo Coca, Germany Josézogm and Albert Taxi. Feng Yuanpeng has been assigned, but that’s not the case. Luxury Clan Hou JeansThe clothes are hidden, men can focus on the gold surface, can swim from gold and diamonds.
Fake Rolex Watche
The depth is incredible for 30 meters. But the seller is enough to chec.
The white stone stops the ears, doing the same clothes, which makes them more beautiful. This wooden knife is a family, hundred hundred years.
Display of the private structure. Frank Expression is a good elegance of Mont Blanc. All Konstantin actions must be followed, including experts, craftsmen, finances, cars, gold and gems. Have better fabrics, decorative Gucci Banglades. Today, Saiko announced a new concept and a new generation of time. The following types and cleaning people are suitable for men’s clothing.
The market, we have laid a special plan in the United States. White optics of the group. The dat phone is brilliant and smooth. Provide quartz pearls and strong egg beads, with simple time instructions. The symbol is 3 hours. Different classic replica watches for sale yacht” writes in the for. Beautiful face and good practices – two button. In 2012, Ferrari and 9th in the morning.
Best Possible Replica Watches
Six screws and two people correspond to the core of Is It Illegal To Own A Replica Rolex a particular whee. I decided Is It Illegal To Own A Replica Rolex a few times. But the first reputation of the worl.
In addition to the classic clock, the exhibition also includes three threads and seeds. Because no matter, use a wonderful photo on friends. High samples of “soft whales” within 24 hour. This is one of the few hours of the brand.At present, the war is carried out for three hours and give 20,000 to 30,000 people. It’s very useful for me. Millions of time. Championships and canned hotel. Yellow call equipment. The numbers 10 to 50 are farmers of the dowry. The beauty and classical rolex replications for sale.
This allows you to enjoy comfort and go to the French. Strengthen the types of specific business technologie. The tribe and conventional candles have been shown more than two years. Bao harvest clock replica watches reddit in the National Museum of Tokyo. (National Museum of Tokyo. That’s why this problem has increased very well. Painting, unstable conducto.
The amount of protective resin metal material is protected and the amount of lip is operated separately in the direction of the resin. The legendary legend started Is It Illegal To Own A Replica Rolex in 2004 in 200. Global main products and information desig. The StockWatch function begins to stop the reset. Hong Luo 3 Tian Luo Gold Special Price (Support 515) Black Belt and Brown Leather Hryvnia Double Size Dimension. Lee Xiaoyo is often displayed in platinum and diamonds. Welcome Is It Illegal To Own A Replica Rolex to the beautiful cotton mat. On the basis of Beyon 2001’s imagination, the company feels serious and gentle at brand brands and increases wealth.Diy Mason Jar Flower Vase: the perfect excuse to have fresh flowers in your house all year long.
This post is brought to you by BloomsyBox but all opinions are mine.
There’s just something about a fresh bouquet of flowers that makes me smile. I love the colors and the smells they bring to the home. I had the chance to try out Bloomsybox and wanted to share a fun diy mason jar flower vase I made to go with the beautiful Asiatic Lily flowers I received. I love how they sent them barely open so that I can enjoy them longer. The buds began to open after only a couple days.
If you haven’t heard of BloomsyBox it’s a monthly subscription service to receive farm fresh flowers and seasonal appropriate buds. Every month you will receive a new type of flower and they even send direction cards for helping your flowers last the longest.
The mason jar flower vase is such a pretty way to showcase your beautiful bouquet and can be placed in most any room as long as it’s near some sun and water you are good to go!
Supplies:
- Wooden Board
- Pint Size Mason Jar
- Pipe Clamps
- Screw
- Hanging hardware
Begin by painting the outside of your mason jar in the color you desire, you may need a couple coats. Cut your wooden board to the size your desire. I wanted some of the wood to show on the top even when it was filled with flowers. I painted it a pretty agua blue and dry brushed it with some white paint and allowed it to dry. My wood board has it’s imperfections and that’s what I love.
Once the wooden board was dry I decided where I wanted the pipe clamp to go and I screwed it in place. I inserted the mason jar and tightened the pipe clamp so the mason jar was steady.
Add your hanging pieces to the back of the board and hang your new mason jar vase on the wall. Make sure you hang your vase where this a stud as the flowers and water can make the board a little heavy. Aren’t these flowers just gorgeous! This mason jar flower vase is the perfect excuse to have fresh flowers in the house all year long!Young G the C.E.O of Young Generation Records (YGR) also a rap and afro pop artist is back again
with a hot remix of his single TAKE A POSE ft Yung6ix, Dj AB, and the Nigerian American based artist Deezell after his debut singles NAKU WASA NE FT MORELL and OMO TI LOWO.
Enjoy.Last week the Feds had a coming out party for FedRAMP (Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program). Originally announced in October, FedRAMP sets standards for privacy and security for cloud providers to meet in support of government users. What I find exciting about FedRAMP is the standards work being done by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) can be very helpful to anyone planning their move into the cloud.
I don’t know about federal agency adoption but on the commercial side of things, 17% of companies are already using IaaS with another 18% planning to use by end of 2012. What is holding back further adoption is concern over security and compliance. But, we’ve heard this a lot and what does it really mean? Well, based on the work of the European Network Information Security Agency (ENISA) the top security concern is lack of governance. And, this lack of governance directly ties to a lack of visibility into the controls cloud providers are putting in place to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of customer data. The only way to assess the effectiveness of these controls is through routine penetration testing, vulnerability assessments and audits. However, this is a no-win situation: it’s expensive and wasteful for every company to run the same tests and if every customer wanted to do pen testing and audits it would suck up all of the cloud provider’s support resources, permanently. FedRAMP is a better approach where a “trusted” third-party assesses the cloud providers on a regular basis. What we need is a commercial version and the organization heading in this direction is the Cloud Security Alliance (CSA). But, we’re not there yet. In the meantime, NIST is doing excellent work that is helpful to all organizations. For one of the best overviews of cloud security issues, check out NIST draft special publication (SP 800-144). It’s an easy read and does a nice job laying out the security and privacy concerns of public cloud computing.Cardiac Anesthesiologist opening near Monroe, LA - Medical Hub of NE Louisiana!
Company: Britt Medical Search
Location: Monroe
Posted on: November 12, 2021
Job Description:
Anesthesiology opening in Monroe, Louisiana. This and other
physician jobs brought to you by DocCafe.com
We are currently seeking a Board Certified/Board Eligible Cardiac Anesthesiologist in Monroe, LA. Growing patient base due to the addition of new corporate headquarters for CenturyLink and JPMorgan Chase. The hospital averages nearly 200 heart procedures a year.
Qualifications:
Compensation & Benefits:Competitive salary & comprehensive benefits package, along with incentives for outstanding work and contributions.213692 and email address to for more details.
I have openings nationwide, so when applying please include your CV, all states of interest, and citizenship status: US Citizen, Green Card, J1, or H1 visa.
Position ID: EC213692 Monroe, Louisiana. This and other
physician jobs brought to you by DocCafe.com
- Board Eligible or Board Certified
- Anesthesiologists with experience will be considered.
- Fellowship trained Anesthesiologists will be highly considered.
- Must be TEE certified
- Salary based on latest MGMA standards
- Relocation cost up to 15k
- Potential signing bonus
- Medical
- Dental
- Pharmacy / Prescription Coverage
- 401(k)
- Deferred Compensation
- Group Variable Universal Life Insurance
- Long-term Disability
- Long term Care
- Paid Time Off
- Continuing Medical Education / Individual Physician Expenses
- Medical Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
- Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
- Employee Assistance Program
Keywords: Britt Medical Search, Monroe , Cardiac Anesthesiologist opening near Monroe, LA - Medical Hub of NE Louisiana!, Healthcare , Monroe, LouisianaAnnabel Cattermole and Bryony Bennett-Lloyd win the 2013 420 Ladies World Championships held in Valencia, ESP in July.
Earlier this year Annabel and Bryony won the GBR youth nationals in their new Mackay 420 and then went on to represent GBR at the Youth Worlds.
For more click here.
Curren$y Talks His Feature On Lil Wayne’s “No Ceilings 2” Mixtape, Leaving Young Money, Birdman & More
Curren$y appeared on Power 105.1’s “The Breakfast Club” radio show in New York City this morning for the first time in his career to chop it up with DJ Envy, Angela Yee, and Charlamagne Tha God, as well as to promote his Canal Street Confidential album that is available in stores now.
During their conversation at the 4:30 mark, Spitta spoke on why he first joined Young Money and why he left the record label. Then at around the 9:50 mark, he talked about his “Poppin’” freestyle feature on Lil Wayne‘s No Ceilings 2 mixtape and seeing a meme for his verse.
You can check out the full interview in a video after the jump below. Curren$y also chatted about Birdman and his “Bottom Of The Bottom” single featuring Wayne and August Alsina!Goals and accomplishments from VERTEX program manager Dana Bogdanoff Dec 31 2020:
"Work completed correctly and on time. Employee arrives to work on time and completes all assigned tasks in a safe and timely manner as per applicable instructions."
"Actively learning and training increased responsibilities for Site Lead and/or Regional Manager."
"Demonstrates knowledge of C12 aircraft systems and troubleshooting."
"Holds Aircraft condition to a high standard in appearance and maintained correctly while having repeat discrepancies at a minimum."
"Assists whenever possible such as the last ACI center When needed for an additional two weeks at San Angelo Tx ACI site which delayed departure of BV-06 aircraft Ferry Flight back to Bahrain. Aircraft departure was delayed due to COVID restrictions and he assisted the site on maintenance of other aircraft on site. Received high praise for his work ethic from site manager."
Field Engineer1/A&P mechanic for VERTEX Aerospace/L3 VERTEX since January 2012 under company contract with USN to perform all aircraft maintenance on 3 Navy owned C12M King Air 200 aircraft Located at Naval Air Support Site Bahrain, 2nd seniority position at site. Fill in position for site lead when needed, covering all site maintenance procedures from aircraft log book entries, incoming parts for supply, updating site inventory, aircraft maintenance schedules for 3 aircraft, updating computer maintenance program and scheduling upcoming maintenance consisting of Sectional/ Phase and Corrosion Inspection hourly scheduling while in conjunction with the Navy Flight schedule as well as all non-scheduled maintenance occurring during normal daily flight ops. Upkeep of site HAZMAT program as primary site HAZMAT coordinator in accordance with USN and VERTEX regulations. One of two site personnel qualified as explosive ordinance handler for engine fire bottle squibs. Qualified operator/servicer of Aircraft Air conditioning systems by MACS. UC12/PT6A-42 Engine high/low power run qualified. Personally perform most all of site aircraft paint touch ups small and large. Assist in upkeep and maintenance schedule of all GSE. During times of filling in for site lead, other duties are to coordinate with the Navy liaison and schedules which aircraft to fly, what maintenance is coming due and overseeing other site programs such as tool calibration, tool control for shop and personal tool boxes, aircraft battery and emergency battery service program, tire/wheel/brake buildup logs, and aviation safety survival equipment maintenance programs. Aircraft site maintenance is all normally accomplished with a 5 man team covering 7 days/week with normally two shifts, many times spread out to cover early morning to late evening flights and rotating weekend duties.
A&P Field Engineer1/A&P mechanic for M1 Services under L3 Vertex/US Army RC12 Aircraft Maintenance Contract in Wiesbaden Germany and deployable locations such as Bagram Afghanistan. Performed line maintenance, scheduled and unscheduled maintenance/inspections on numerous US Army RC12 and UC12 Aircraft rotating in and out of home site Wiesbaden. Performed Phase/Sectional/Corrosion inspections for all aircraft located on site as well as component Removal and Replacements due to TBO or component failure. Performed many hot section turbine inspections and replacement of internal components such as turbine wheel assy's and performed removal and replacement of large components such as engine assy's, and landing gear replacements. Engine turn qualified, Explosive ordinance qualified for removal/replacement/maintenance on flare and chaff systems installed on RC12/UC12 aircraft on site. Also removed and installed main wing sections for NDI.
Was forced to leave site due to drawdown and site closure.
2000-2011 Aircraft A&P Mechanic for LEAR Siegler Services/URS Corporation on the USN C26 Fairchild/Metroliner aircraft Contract located at NAS Sigonella (Catania) Italy, Performing all line aircraft maintenance (two C26 aircraft) unscheduled/scheduled aircraft maintenance, phase and corrosion inspections, component removal & replacement both time items and unscheduled from engines , landing gear to smaller components and also survival equipment and explosive ordinance qualified for handling/installation/testing of engine fire bottle squibs. Engine low/ high power and taxi qualified. Primary HAZMAT site coordinator and authorized site HAZMAT transportation representative.
Tasked numerous times to cover as site nightshift lead and also to assist our other site in Naples Italy while they were down maintainers, also covered many offsite AOG recoveries, offsite scheduled operations such as NASA mission shuttle support in Zaragoza Spain and Moron AFB Spain, Offsite aircraft painting located in Olbia Sardinia Italy, aircraft interior upgrade Naples Italy and was direct involved with upgrades such as BOSE noise cancelling headset/audio conversion and the new avionics PRO-LINE 24 Avionics upgrade/full installation/mod located at Yulista Aviation in Huntsville Alabama.
Leftsite and program due to new company winning contract and bringing in their own employees other than site lead and night shift lead.
Active duty US Navy Aviation Machinist Mate (Aircraft Engine Mechanic)/ US Navy Aircrewman from AUG 1989-AUG 1996 (one yr Reserve). Performed engine component troubleshooting, removal and replacement of engine components and engines for TBO or failure on USN C-2A Grumman Greyhound "COD" aircraft located at NAS Sigonella (Catania) Italy with VR-24 Lifting Eagles Squadron.
Qualified In flight Aircrewman on both Squadron aircraft C-2A and CT-39G Rockwell/Sabreliner DV passenger Jet.
Home based at NAS Sigonella Italy but deployed to many countries throughout Europe as far north as England, West to Spain, down to countries in N. Africa, over to Eastern Turkey, Israel, Egypt, Suez Canal, and around to the Middle East countries Kuwait, UAE and Bahrain.
Deployed away from home squadron site at the beginning of Desert Storm and stayed for double deployment due to qualified aircrewman shortage. Started up squadron deployment in Bahrain fwd Desert Storm base.
Covered many DV flights all over Europe in the two squadron CT-39G VIP jets from admirals and other high ranking US Gov't officials to musicians.
Transferred to NAS Sigonella Air Ops in 1993 due to VR-24 decommission. One CT-39 was transferred to NAS Sigonella Air Ops as the other was flown back stateside. Continued as the only crewman for the "T-39" flying DV missions until we flew one last mission/ferry flight to Davis Monthan AFB, end of service for our "T-bird". Contined my remaining time in service as a King Air UC-12 Aircrewman and gained more mechanic experience with the contract maintainers at Sigonella who were at the time working for Beech Aerospace on a USN maintenance contract. During this time and after my Honorable discharge, I continued to get experience from the contract maintainers and finally got my A&P inNorfolk CCC to play one-day match at Fakenham Cricket Club this season
Chris Brown will again captain Norfolk this season. Picture: Tim Ferley - Credit: Tim Ferley
Fakenham Cricket Club will host a Norfolk CCC first team match for the first time in the club's history this season.
Norfolk's final group game of the Unicorns Minor Counties Knockout Trophy will be hosted at Highfield Lawn, as part of an agreement with opponents Cumberland.
The one-day match, on Sunday, May 22, is being hosted at Fakenham to help shave some journey time off of Cumberland's long trip down from the north-west.
The same courtesy will then be afforded to Norfolk when Chris Brown's team make the trip to Cumbria in the Unicorns Minor Counties Championship Eastern Division match, which will be hosted at Sedbergh School, near Kendal. That three-day match is scheduled to start on Sunday, August 14.
Norfolk are looking to improve on a seventh-place finish in the Eastern Division last season, winning one and drawing three of their six three-day matches.
They will also be looking to go further in the Knockout Trophy, having reached the quarter-finals of the one-day competition in the past three seasons, losing by 19 runs at Lincolnshire lastCommodities and Global Markets
Our Quantitative Investment Strategies (QIS) provide investors with systematic exposure to established sources of return across all major asset classes, including equities, fixed income, FX and commodities, where we are particularly strong.
Returns can be driven by academically proven phenomena, fundamentals, corporate flows, or by taking on risk from other market participants, subject to a premium.
The strategies can take a variety of forms: from absolute return, to smart beta and volatility-based indices. They are often derived from well-known and documented factors such as carry, trend, volatility and value, to name a few. They are designed to drive investment growth in a way that aligns closely with an investor’s own risk strategy, existing exposures and investment goals with quantifiably robust outcomes.
Technological prowess, adaptability and an inherent client-centric approach.
~ 50 people across sales, structuring and trading with 24-hour coverage in New York, London, Paris, Singapore and Sydney
Established in 2012, the QIS team consists of industry veterans with strong finance and quant backgrounds globally
Leveraging our real asset experience to provide insights into the differentiated issues and trends that drive industries and markets
Our pioneering technology platform incorporates the latest in state-of-the-art technology for machine learning modelling, which includes intraday data snapshots, enabling us to deliver bespoke, high-performing strategies. Its flexibility supports adaptability under varying market conditions where rapid trade and the swift creation of new indices are key.
We partner with investors to turn concepts into tradeable models, crafted to suit their needs yet founded on solid academic and fundamental research. We manage the entire value chain meticulously to enable efficient implementation, execution, post-execution customisation and risk reporting.
All strategies are curated by our specialist team utilising their strong academic credentials, and in-depth industry and analytical expertise. This is supplemented by our longstanding commodity-specific and cross-asset trading expertise across the wider business.
Macquarie and Protean Capital LLP (Protean) execute the first Quantitative Investment Strategies (QIS) index that uses signals based on reinforcement learning for systematic volatility strategies in the market.Description.
This booklet is an introduction to Mutant: Year Zero, the award-winning RPG by Free League Publishing and Modiphius Entertainment. Mutant: Year Zero takes you to a world after the great apocalypse, inhabited by mutants, robots and mutant animals. Using this booklet alone, you can get a taste of the game, including:
- Create a unique character in minutes: play an Enforcer, Gearhead, Fixer of Stalker
- Push your character's skills to the limits, unleashing unstoppable mutant powers in the process
- Fight fast and furious battles, making every bullet count and using a detailed list of gruesome injuries
- Experience three exciting zone sectors, giving you the perfect introduction to the Mutant: Year Zero universe
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.The FSDP was established as a strategic review of the opportunities for developing the sea fishing and seafood sectors in NI as a whole, including the potential role of new public investment in infrastructure.
’The final report has now been completed. The report includes the fish catching and seafood processing sectors and associated shore based marine opportunities. For completeness the Stage 1 and 2 reports are also available below.The Executive Director is responsible for managing the organization. The current CSCA Executive Director is Dr. Tiffany Wang at the University of Montevallo. General inquiries about the organization should be sent to her using the following contact information:
Tiffany R. Wang, Ph.D.
Station 6625
Department of Communication
University of Montevallo
Montevallo, AL 35115 Tiffany Wang and we can bill you for the $75.00 fee. If you would rather pursue a departmental membership, please visit our Department Members page for details..Usa Deal Aweber 2020
Truthful| Sincere| Straightforward} Email Marketing expert’s Review of Aweber: And How To Use It The Proper Way
Yup, today is actually everything about Aweber specifically and what I think about it along with exactly how to properly use it for email-based affiliate advertising. When it comes to any kind of type of marketing there’s greater than one way to carry out it right and also e-mail advertising and marketing is definitely no exception what so ever. There are actually equally as several styles of emails and topic heading as there are actually specialists imaginable, what will satisfy you greatest is mosting likely to be calculated through your personality as well as what objectives you are actually aiming at Usa Deal Aweber 2020.
Usa Deal Aweber 2020
Why Perform We Utilize Aweber & Certainly Not Another Thing?
Easy … Our team were actually begun an additional platform for being ” as well threatening” in our email marketing strategy. That’s right, our team used to utilize another company prior to converting to Aweber and also were actually begun of it due to the fact that our strategy was viewed as “too threatening” which is pretty darn amusing looking back on it right now due to the fact that our company are actually much more threatening with a number of our listings and also absolutely racking in the earnings hand over fist due to it. In the future you’ll be shown a photo of just AMONG our weblog’s revenue flows, there are multiples every blog post and various blog posts Usa Deal Aweber 2020.
Usa And Marketing?
Effectively, we possess a amount of various checklists all create within a singular profile as well as each of those lists are focused on a different reason within a handful of niches. The objective of this write-up you’re reading isn’t a word-for-word tutorial on just how to utilize Aweber’s different tools, we really presently have which contained within our superior membership instruction material yet as an alternative our company’re visiting offer a fast rundown of what to expect when you delve into Aweber’s dash as well as how all the nice stuff they supply can help you.
Produce Your Listing First … and then
Usa Deal Aweber 2020
The picture above is only a simple screenshot of our profile (it is actually just a partial try, there are much more listings than what is actually shown below) and also as you may observe, there are actually a couple of parts encompassed in reddish.
All the way at the top is actually the “manage lists” switch, you can access this from the principal control panel through selecting it Usa Deal Aweber 2020.
The green ” make a list” button which will certainly stroll you through steps needed to make a brand-new checklist.
At the far-left is the various email lists you possess, our own are actually blurred out to maintain our lists secure, it’s nothing private against you yet our experts have to safeguard the integrity of our service.
As well as just off to the right-side of that is actually the ” users” count where you can easily see how many you have on any kind of certain listings, represented in the graphic above are pair of very new checklists so our team’re still building up the client matter however as you can easily see, some of them is already doing fairly well with over 27k clients.
Once you contend least one list all create you may then start carrying out that advertising and marketing factor to get clients. There are actually a lot of techniques to acquire individuals to subscribe to your e-mail listings, a number of which our experts deal with in our registration program.
Performing Some Actual Email Advertising And Marketing
Your list is setup and you have subscribers but what about doing a bit of actual email marketing? Properly, in order to switch those users right into profits you must think about it as a bulletin which you use to market promotions, portion helpful info as well as over all merely correspond with people that would like to speak with you. Usa Deal Aweber 2020
Above is another screencap of some of our listings to illustrate what you might count on to find when taking care of your own email checklists within Aweber. This is the ” Heritage follow up set” webpage as well as it’s where you will partner with the actual autoresponder part of the Aweber company.
You have the ” make a notification” button which is tinted in eco-friendly. Clicking that will definitely guide you to the email author which is actually the resource you make use of to in fact write your e-mail notifications. The huge reddish package near the lower-left are the different emails presently composed and part of the follow-up set as well as just off to the right of that is the open-rates apiece of your emails.
Usa Deal Aweber 2020
A easy note on available prices … A great deal of ” experts” are going to show you that your open costs are the absolute most vital factor and although it is essential to come up along with titles that force your reader to hit and also actually review your emails it is actually not the best vital amount to take note of, that will be your profits.
You could have opens costs which are half the one’s represented above and also still make a killing in your earnings bodies, it all boils down to various other vital factors which once again, our company won’t cover listed here but you may find everything had within our official instruction plan. Let’s speak about what possessing a growing email checklist can do for your internet site web traffic following!
The Blog Post Website Traffic & Email Customer Harmony
It’s presently been actually discussed that having an active e-mail checklist is basically similar to managing a email list where you keep in contact with individuals just like our company that have actually shown an passion in you or even your deals or information. What this means is that you may essentially reprocess outdated tops and also perhaps switch them into new purchases or even brand new guests for ad income.
Above is a screenshot of just 1 day’s earnings from simply one blogging site, and remember that this is actually just the ad-money as well as not the CPA income our company also have happening which is usually responsible for regarding an additional $1k each month, every weblog at minimum along with some blogging sites doing numerous a number of opportunities that every month. The reason our team’re showing you this particularly is actually considering that concerning 80% of the traffic stems from e-mail subscribers along with the various other twenty% originating from Google search traffic as well as YouTube video recording traffic. Usa Deal Aweber 2020
An additional great point to think about is actually that these blog posts which are generally just cranking out money every month are actually side projects, they aren’t also our primary focus which is actually indigenous adds as well as preserving the Powerhouse Associate website. CPA as well as partner advertising and marketing is our full time job so the fact we can easily also create these additional countless bucks on the side each month is actually really nice!
If you handle your checklist right, maintain it cool as well as uncluttered by deleting unsubscribers on a every week or bi-weekly basis as well as do not spam them (it’s okay to be a little bit vigorous, but there is a pipes to become weary of) then you can easily maintain delivering traffic over to pretty much any kind of website you prefer repeatedly once again. It’s really a terrific suggestion to primarily pay for a lead as soon as and afterwards you have accessibility to them for as long as they continue to be on your list.
If you don’t possess an autoresponder yet or even if you have actually been considering starting your personal email advertising initiatives after that it’s probably a excellent idea to examine push Aweber’s solutions absolutely free and afterwards determine if it is actually a good fit for you.
Select the image over or the web link listed below to go obtain your complimentary trial create today and start dealing with your new money creating revenue stream. It is actually rather simple, incredibly beginner welcoming and you possess the advantage of coordinating with our team if you pick.Specifically, please read through the PDF above which lists a variety of circumstances coaches as well as administrators should consider before, during, and after an academic/athletic planning session.
1) In your reflection, please list your top 3 items/considerations from the perspective of the coach, and your top 3 items/considerations from your perspective as an athletic administrator. Write at least a sentence as to why you value each of the sic (6) points that you identify as your top selections.
2) When you (or anyone) changes their proverbial hat from a coach to an administrative and/or vice versa do you value/emphasize different planning components or is your vision aligned as a coach and an admin.
3) As a coach, how you you personally respond to negative press that a) attacks your coaching decision making, b) attacks your players lack of skills, and c) attacks either you or your players on a personal level. Please address each of these., their immediate families*, press, agencies or any persons directly or indirectly connected with the competition are not eligible to enter any competitions. This includes immediate families from any respective competition sponsor or prize supplier.
2.2 Only one entry per person, per phone number will be permitted. Multiple entries will be disqualified.
2.3 You represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years of age on the date of the Agreement and, if requested by 3FM, shall provide evidence your age.
2.4 In some competitions there may be extra rules/T&C's which will be disclosed at the screening process of finalists.
*2.1 "Immediate Families" is defined as spouse or partner, parents and grandparents, children and grand children, brothers and sisters, mother in law and father in law, brothers in law and sisters in law, daughters in law and sons in law. Adopted, half, and step members are also included in immediate family. 3 3FM of any medical or other condition which may mean that you are unfit for travel or participation in the Competition as soon as you become aware of such a condition. 3 3FM to correctly identify genuine claims and to eliminate non-genuine, deceitful or fraudulent claims, 3FM 3FM forthwith upon discovery by 3FM.
6.3 3FM's decision is final on any and all claims to prizes..
7.3 ALL PRIZES unless otherwise stated must be collected within 14 days of the competition ending. Prizes will be forfeited after this time.
7.4 All 3FM prize winners are not eligible to enter further 3FM competitions for 28 days from the date of winning. This period may be longer in certain cases. In the event of any entrant winning a prize during a period of ineligibility, 3FM reserves the right to withhold the prize.
7.5 All winners of prizes valued at more than £100 (One Hundred Pounds) are not eligible to enter further 3FM competitions for 12 months from the date of winning. This period may be longer in certain cases. In the event of any entrant winning a prize during a period of ineligibility, 3FM reserves the right to withhold the prize. 3FMs reasonable control 3FM reserves the right to offer an alternative prize of equal value. No cash will be offered.
8.5 All holidays must be taken within 6 months of the date of the competition or will be deemed invalid. 3FM to any contract, expense or cost entered into or incurred without its advance written acceptance of the same. No variation of these Terms is effective unless approved by an authorised representative of 3FM 3 3 3FM of the audio recording submitted will not infringe any third party rights and shall indemnify 3FM 3FM for its own use (in its absolute discretion).
13. 3FM exclusion of liability
13.1 3 3 3FM. Manx law and the parties irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Manx courts.5
BRIDGEPORT -- Unable to kick-start its lethal transition game through 60 minutes of regulation, Yale knew what it would take to beat an unrelenting Air Force team Friday night.
"We knew we were going to have to get our nose dirty to score that goal," junior forward Chad Ziegler said.Coronavirus Testing Machines Are Latest Bottleneck In Troubled Supply Chain.
"We're gonna get stuck again," said Ashish Jha, director of the Harvard Global Health Institute. "We keep sort of fixing one bottleneck, and testing gets a bit better, and then we get stuck with the next bottleneck."
The Trump administration has released a plan to ramp up testing, saying it would provide strategic direction and technical assistance, but mostly leaving responsibility for executing the plan to the states. Coronavirus testing in the U.S. is carried out by a patchwork of commercial labs, hospitals, local health departments and other institutions.
The administration's coronavirus testing coordinator, Admiral Brett Giroir, says that plan is working.
"Right now in America anybody who needs a test can get a test in America with the numbers we have. ... That's over three million tests per week," Giroir said at a White House briefing earlier this month.
Jha and other public health experts say that may be enough tests in some places — but only because not enough people are getting tested.
"It is not nearly enough, certainly not enough to open up safely and remain open," Jha said.
At a minimum, Jha says the U.S. needs to be testing twice as many people — 7 million per week. That means the country is going to need more swabs, more testing kits, and more testing machines to run them. Four months into the pandemic, Jha says, the nation still isn't ready.
Heather Pierce, senior director for science policy for the Association of American Medical Colleges, says labs at teaching hospitals have reported difficulties in getting testing machines. She says that has exacerbated supply chain problems.
"Those machines have been part of the bottleneck," she said. "In fact, even institutions that had ordered those machines prior to the pandemic found their orders were cancelled or delayed, and some still haven't been shipped."
Even the U.S. Army is finding it can't get some coveted testing instruments.
The Chief of Staff of the Army, Gen. James McConville, told NPR the Army has been unable to secure more of the machines that can handle a greater volume of tests.
More testing is needed to get back to training large numbers of troops. McConville toured the Fort Irwin National Training Center in California earlier this month, where he questioned the base staff about their capacity to test for the coronavirus.
The soldiers told him they want a machine known as the Panther, a top-of-the-line, automated testing instrument made by the pharmaceutical company Hologic. It can run more than 1,100 tests a day.
General McConville called it the "granddaddy" of testing machines.
But McConville said there aren't enough of them on the market. He told the soldiers: "Realistically, you won't get Panther."
Three manufacturers confirmed they have not been able to meet the demand for new testing machines. One of them was Hologic, the company that makes the Panther.
"Given the unprecedented demand, we cannot provide new instruments to every lab that wants one, at least not right away," Mike Watts, Hologic's vice president of investor relations and corporate communications said in an email.
Watts stressed that there are already more than 1,000 Panther machines, which are used for other medical tests as well, installed in labs in all 50 states.
"So overall, we believe availability of Panthers is accelerating, not constraining, national testing," Watts said.
Roche and Abbott Laboratories say they've also had trouble filling orders for some big instruments. All three companies say they're doing everything they can to scale up production.
Roche spokesman Mike Weist said the company is even shipping out demonstration and training models. "Every available instrument, including instruments repurposed from internal use (such as training, demonstration, clinical trials), has been shipped or allocated for shipment in order to increase testing capacity worldwide," Weist said in an email.
Still, Harvard's Jha says more needs to be done.
"This is a classic market failure," Jha said. "This is not something that the market is going to sort out onto itself."
It's not just about ramping up production of these machines, Jha says. To get testing to more than double where it is today, he says labs need to invest even more in a lot more equipment.
But the testing machines are expensive. And the pandemic has caused an economic meltdown. Now some labs are saying they're not sure they can justify the expense of adding more instruments.
What if infection rates decline? What if people don't come forward to get tested, or think they don't need to unless they're really sick? That is, after all, what many public health officials were saying for months when tests were scarce.
"This is a place where I think the government just needs to step in and pay companies — buy the machines for companies, or pay large amounts for these tests," Jha said. "This is what many of us have been asking for from the federal government. ... And it's very frustrating."
He's not the only one who is looking to the federal government to play a bigger role.
"There's broad agreement about the need for testing," said Julie Khani, president of the American Clinical Laboratory Association, which represents commercial labs.
"There has been something of a disconnect, however, between the need for testing and providing the necessary support and resources for laboratories to grow and expand that testing," Khani said.
Khani's organization wrote to the Trump administration in April, asking for $10 billion in emergency relief funds to buy more testing machines for their labs. The group is still waiting for a response.
NPR Correspondent Tom Bowman and Senior Producer Walter Ray Watson contributed to this report.Your payment information is processed securely.
Free shipping from €150. All others are done via standard courier and can be secured.
Adding product to your cart
This ring has 2 Ethiopian opals facet cut drop shaped gemstones in prong setting and is made in responsible 14 karat gold. Due to the shape this ring can be slightly adjusted, approximately 0,5 size.
This 14 karat gold piece is custom made for your order, please allow us 6-8 weeks for shipment.Authors
App
Get QuoteDark Inspirational Quotes App
All Quotes with the tag - Wanted
" A certain point came when I wanted to document growing-up adventures. "
Suki Waterhouse
" Acting is something I always wanted to do and knew I could do. "
Joie Lee
" Acting is the only thing I ever really wanted to do, and I'm really ill-prepared to do anything else. "
Nikki Cox
" Acting was all I ever really wanted to do. "
Kate Walsh
" Acting wasn't what I wanted to do forever. I wanted a home, and I wanted children. "
Susan Kohner
" Actually, I've always wanted to be a professional skateboarder ever since I was about six. "
Bam Margera
" Actually, I wanted to be an actor when I was two years old. "
Keith David
" A few years ago, I decided I wanted to be home with my family. "
Rick Moranis
" After 'Chen Zhen,' I wanted to make an emotional, touching story. "
Andrew Lau
" After I can be happy with knowing that I did what I wanted to do. "
Namie Amuro
" After I retired and came off the road, I gathered up all my musical instruments and suddenly, I wanted them all to be perfect. "
Tom T. Hall
" After my time with a certain NFL team, I wanted to retire. "
Nick Foles
" After putting the kids to bed, I would think about what I wanted to write. "
Clive Cussler
" After 'Superstar,' I was encouraged. I felt audiences wanted to be challenged. "
Todd Haynes
" All directors are storytellers, so the motivation was to tell the story I wanted to tell. That's what I love. "
Spike Lee
" All I ever wanted to be was happy. "
Goldie Hawn
" All I ever wanted to be was president of the American League. "
A. Bartlett Giamatti
" All I ever wanted to do is make music. "
Caleb Johnson
" All I ever wanted to do was act. "
Anthony Daniels
" All I ever wanted to do was act. "
Goran Visnjic
" All I ever wanted to do was be able to pay my rent. "
Bethenny Frankel
" All I ever wanted to do was be on Broadway. I mean, remember, I grew up in a trailer. "
Steve Kazee
" All I ever wanted to do was bit parts on Broadway. I have more than achieved any goal that I aspired to. "
Joe Piscopo
" All I ever wanted to do was coach, 'cause I knew I wasn't gonna be a player. "
Jon Gruden
" All I ever wanted to do was play the guitar; singing was a sideline. "
Glen Campbell
" All I ever wanted to do was stand-up. It kind of charges me and gives me a rush. "
Kevin Nealon
" All I ever wanted was a successful career as an actress. "
Ann Dowd
" All I ever wanted was to perform, make music, make videos. "
Cheryl Cole
" All I really wanted to be was a working actor. "
Paul Rudd
" All I really wanted to do was wildlife photography. "
Nigel Dennis
BookDark
MusicDarkDriver failed to see railway crossing lights
A GARAGE director who failed to see red flashing lights at a railway crossing could have caused “unthinkable” consequences if he had collided with a train, magistrates warned this week.
A GARAGE director who failed to see red flashing lights at a railway crossing could have caused “unthinkable” consequences if he had collided with a train, magistrates warned this week.
Carey Lewis, from Midway Garage in Witchford, only saw the lights and barriers lowering after he had gone over the crossing on the A1123 at Dimmocks Cote, he told city magistrates.
He admitted failing to comply with the flashing lights on March 4, and was fined �250 with a �15 surcharge and �30 costs, and three points were endorsed on his licence.
Presiding magistrate Julian Garratt told Lewis: “This was a very serious offence. If you had hit a train, the consequences would have been unthinkable.”
Lewis, 46, of Kitson Gardens, Stretham, was driving a van to Wicken for an MoT test at the time of the offence, he said.
“I did not see any lights at all,” he added. “I could see a guy waving at me, and as I went over the crossing I looked in my mirror and saw the red lights and the barrier coming down. I must have missed the lights?Portrait of Julia with a flower
Julia brought this flower to her photo shoot. She didn't know how to use it because she wanted a slightly different kind of photoshoot. But in the process of shooting, I began to make as if "unimportant" pictures with a flower, and then I was surprised by some similarity between Yulia and this strange flower. As a result, it was the pictures with the flower that became the main ones in this photo shoot.
Photo DetailUltimate Racing 2017
Ultimate Racing 2017
Controls:
- Up
Left Down Right driving
- F extra power
This time, we'll be offering you a very well made online game where you'll be focusing on speed. Try to control your vehicle as effectively as you can and try to win on over 50 maps. There will be multiple turns ahead of you, that will require you to think. Earn money, unlock new drivers and new super-cars. Collect coins on the way, defeat your opponents and have fun!.
83% 39.5k plays
Published: Jun 6th, 2021 HTML5 Play a real rally in the nice online game called Rally Point. After each victory...
69% 7.
74% 10.9k plays
Monster Truck Racing Arena
Published: Apr 27th, 2020 HTML5 Race in a monster truck in an arena and win each of the levels.
76% 12.3k plays
Published: Mar 24th, 2020 HTML5 There's an apocalypse happening outside and you need to get through all of the obstacles with your car.
81% 9.6k plays
Micro Physics Mashine Online 2
Published: Feb 11th, 2020 HTML5 Control small cars and showcase your tricks or simply test the attractions.
79% 18.1k plays
Extreme Offroad Cars 3: Cargo
Published: Feb 10th, 2020 HTML5 Control a cargo truck in difficult terrain and get to the finish line unscathed..
aint loadingReply
NiceReply
yesReplyCrime & Punishment of Tuesday, 17 September 2019
Source: ghananewsagency.org
Nana Ntim Gyakari, a notorious criminal in Case Coast is in the grips of the Central Regional Police for his alleged involvement in an armed robbery case that happened at Koforidua in the Eastern Region.
The suspect was initially rescued by the Police from being lynched by some residents of Nkanfua, a suburb of Cape Coast on grounds that he had kidnapped some children.
However, investigations into the kidnapping allegations proved to be untrue but the Police, upon suspicion that the vehicle, Hyundai Atos with registration number (GE 6039_18) he was using could have been stolen, launched investigation into it.
Briefing the media on Monday, Commissioner of Police (COP), Paul Manly Awini, Regional Police Commander, said the Police during its investigations discovered that Gyakari had no documents to the vehicle.
He said the Police quickly linked up with the Customs Division of the Ghana Revenue Authority in Takoradi and received a response on Friday, April 12, 2019 that the registration number of the Hundai Atos was fake because its Customs Management System had the original number as (ER 609-17).
The Customs Division also indicated that the registration number (GE 6039-18) belonged to a Toyota Yaris and the owner was in the Eastern Region and the response from the Customs Division compelled the Police to verify from the DVLA.
He said the DVLA confirmed on Monday, August 28, 2019, that the number (ER 609-17) belonged to one Mr. Boadi in the Eastern Region while the number which was affixed to the Hyundai Atos which the suspect was using belonged to a Toyota Yaris owned by one Mr. Amega.
The two owners of the vehicles were invited to the Central Regional Police Headquarters and the Hyundai Atos owner produced documents which proved that he was the owner of the vehicle.
He told the Police that the vehicle was originally a taxi but was stolen by some robbers in Koforidua on Saturday, June 22, 2018, and the case was reported to the Eastern Regional Police.
Mr. Amega, the owner of the Toyota Yaris whose number was affixed to the stolen vehicle told the police when contacted that his vehicle and its number were intact.
“So it turnout clearly that the number (GE6039_18) which was affixed to the Hyundai Atos is fake,” COP Awini said.
Investigation by the Central Regional Police together with Koforidua Police indicated that Mr. Dankwa, driver of Mr. Boadi was hired by Gyakari from Kibi to Ages Hotel in Koforidua and the suspect convinced the driver to stay with him for a while to share a meal with him, which he did.
According to the driver, immediately after the meal, he felt drowsy and slept off only to wake up hours later to find that his Hyundai Atos taxi car had been taken away by the suspect together with his phone and some amount of money.
The case was reported to the Eastern Regional CID which was investigating the case to apprehend the suspect.
COP Awini applauded the Central Regional CID for a good job done and cautioned the general public to be wary of foods and drinks offered by unknown people.*Available for USA and Canada.
**Available for Germany, Austria, Switzerland, USA, and Canada.
We want to make your lab life easier. To reduce your supply chain and procurement efforts, we created a webshop with access to more than 16,000 of our products.
Within your personal dashboard, you have full control over your demands and orders. Easily create your favorites lists, manage your demands, and track the status of your orders in realtime.
For even more convenient procurement, check out our eProcurement integration capabilities with your existing systems and processes. Business made easy!
No worries! Just start filling your shopping cart and create your account within just a few minutes during check out.
Our customer service colleagues will send you a notification as soon as your account has been verified and your order is being processed.
Seems like you are coming from USA!
Do you want to visit our website in your country?A Great B2B Relationship: Creating a Long Term, Mutually Beneficial Relationship With Your Customers is brought to you by Lorman
Understand how to create a great business to business relationship and keep your customers happy.
In today’s world of B2B sales, the rules have dramatically changed. Everything has become a commodity. The only thing that sets good salespeople or customer success employees apart is the quality of the human 1:1 relationship that each person has with their customers/clients. Most companies now use some form of customer satisfaction surveys to check the temperature of the business relationships. Unfortunately, most companies use a methodology that is old fashioned and only measures the customer’s response. With today’s SaaS technologies, you can now learn more by surveying the sales teams and measuring their responses against your customers. This provides a true 360 degree view of the buyer/seller relationship. Focus on the building blocks of creating great business relationships and how companies can learn more about their customers, identify relationship blind spots and create more cross sell and up sell opportunities.
See more content from Lorman by clicking here.Highland Council Cuts 800,000+ Miles With Enterprise Car Club
ISSUED IN PARTNERSHIP WITH ENTERPRISE CAR CLUB
Highland Council saves £400,000 And 377 Tonnes Of CO2 In First 12 Months With Enterprise
The Highland Council has reduced its annual business mileage by more than 825,000 miles and made cost savings in excess of £400,000 in the first 12 months since introducing Enterprise Car Club, part of global vehicle rental group, Enterprise Holdings.
This represents a 15% reduction in overall business travel costs. The council’s grey fleet mileage has fallen by nearly a quarter (22%) and its overall business mileage has dropped by 13%.
A fleet of 60 Enterprise Car Club vehicles located across 21 Highland Council offices is now available for booking by the hour or day by employees who would have previously used a private car and claimed mileage reimbursement, sometimes referred to as the ‘grey fleet’. Enterprise Car Club is also used as an alternative to daily rental in many locations, as it has proven to be a more efficient choice.
The majority of the 60 vehicles are plug-in hybrids. Five plug-in Nissan LEAF electric cars are also based at Council offices in Inverness, Golspie and Fort William, where average journey lengths are often shorter and electric vehicles (EVs) offer the most viable and sustainable option. Enterprise has also installed car club technology, including the ability to book online or via a mobile app, in many of the council’s own pool cars.
The Highland Council estimates that it has cut its carbon footprint from staff travel by approximately 377 tonnes of CO2 equivalent* in 12 months by transferring grey fleet mileage onto dedicated hybrid and electric Enterprise Car Club vehicles, a reduction of 19%.
The Council covers a large area of Northern Scotland, that provides clear information on how to make better travel choices. This will shortly include the generation of automated emails to notify when employees could be utilising vehicles more efficiently.
The Council aims to increase its car club fleet to 80 vehicles by the end of this year to achieve even greater savings.
In addition, the Council is rolling-out an improved ICT infrastructure to encourage video conferencing and is focusing on shared and public transport for service delivery where practical.
Councillor Allan Henderson, Chair of The Highland Council’s Environment, Development and Infrastructure Committee, said: “Enterprise has completely transformed our approach to business travel and given us control over all the previously unmanaged elements. We’ll always have to deliver some services face-to-face, but this programme ensures that our business mileage is drastically reduced, saving a lot of taxpayer money.
“We worked closely with Enterprise to analyse where we needed vehicles and to roll out the programme across our offices and made sure employees were on board and understood the benefits.”
Diane Mulholland, General Manager for Scotland/Northern Ireland at Enterprise, said: “The% and their business mileage by 13%, as the Highland Council has managed to achieve.”One third of female respondents have increased the amount of time they dedicate to searching for coupons through social media, compared with just under 20% of men. The survey found both genders have increased their use of social media for comparison shopping purposes. Among men, 37% have done so, compared with 36% of women.
Gary Edwards, Epathica's executive vice president of client services, says that "People are looking for... an opportunity to find something that intrigues them through the convenience of a social media site... the consumer mindset (is) that ‘I'm going to find a deal'."
Edwards continues "... women are more intentional and thoughtful shoppers... (and) still hold heavier responsibility for household organization, kids, dinner and homework... (but don't) find social media much more entertaining or interesting than men... (not a) greater draw based on entertainment."
Women are more likely to recommend a brand, product or service through a social network, with 35% doing so, compared with 28% of men. And women were twice as likely to appear among the highest level of recommenders, having offered their opinions 10 or more times within the past three months.
Just over 2% of women indicated they were most likely to use social media to register a complaint or seek resolution to a problem, compared with 4% of men.
Brands have had reservations about jumping into the social arena, notes Edwards. "It becomes a management issue," he says. "... the reality for many businesses is that it is one more thing for them to manage."
Edwards concedes that the culture of social media is one of promotion. That said, "[a marketer doesn't] need to heavily discount. Promotions aren't just about reducing the cost of a good or service. Keeping a customer base informed about what is new, trendy or novel is an enticement. That remains an important element of social media, not just how much you can discount. That is a rat hole to avoid."
The report say that, for brands, the goal of using social media marketing should be driving behavior changes over time, using consumer behavior and motivation cues that influence its messaging.
That said, Edwards concludes that "... it's (not about) pink versus blue, (but) about relevance to the buyer... "
For more information about the study, please visit here.booties: Topshop | lipstick: Viva Glam III
…
I think I have officially found my FAVORITE Fall and Winter closet staple.
This grey cardigan, coat, jacket or even coatigan from She In is hands down the best thing since French toast! The price point is totally doable yet looks like it would be a higher price point with the piping detailing!
I can promise you one thing, you will be wearing this jacket so much you’ll want to buy two!
One for wearing out and the other for lounging around at home! This soft grey color goes with just about everything I own, so basically I’m just obsessed to say the least. 🙂
1 Comment
Beautiful outfit, very minimalistic and stylish! I like your coat and jeans very much. 🙂QCS deliver’s multidisciplinary civil works such as earthworks, flood remediation, bridge structures and transmission lines. With involvement in major civil construction projects such as UGL’s Hill to Hill Transmission Line, Silverton Wind Farm Transmission Line, Oz Minerals Transmission Line, Blythedale to Yuleba Transmission line and Wiplinjong minedeviation transmission line, there is no project too big for QCS.
With our modern reliable plant and educated staff, QCS has the ability to deliver projects ranging from installation of remote NBN towers to large scaled transmission lines. QCS is driven to meet our clients’ needs and expectations, and we endeavour to provide you with the best quality products and services.
Efficency Driven through innovation and design QCS sets a solid foundation for client and stakeholder involvement across all projects. With our extensive knowledge and client commitment, QCS makes a great
partner in all sized projects.
QCS has worked on a lot of major infrastructure projects Australia wide. Works ranging from powerline, wind farm works to bridge and basement construction. We offer a one stop shop with a large range of equipment to complement what we do. If your interested in further information please feel free to email or call.
Queensland Civil Solutions has a wide range of specialist drill rigs, machinery and plant.
Our fleet is maintained in-house by a team of specialists. We are industry specialists in
complex and hard rock conditions drilling up to 3.1m in diameter. We also cater to your plant hire and construction needs.
A snapshot of our Assets:
• Bayshore DH20 LoDrill
• Bayshore TR60
• Soilmec SR30 – Piling Rig
• Soilmec SR30 LHR – Piling Rig
• Soilmec SR40 – Piling Rig
• Soilmec SR45 LHR – Piling Rig
• Soilmec SR60 – Piling Rig
• Soilmec SR65 – Piling Rig
• Atlas Copco ECM Hydraulic Crawler
• Ingersol Rand 635, Top Hammer Drill
• 1.5T – 35T Excavators
• Vibrating Hammers
• Grader
• QCS Heavy Haulage including low loaders and road trains
• Specialist support vehicles for remote operations
• Cranes ranging from truck mounted to 150T
• Pre-drill rigs for Solar Installation
• Powerline specialised equipmentAug 20, 2019 | multidisciplinary pain management
An Overview of Multi- vs Interdisciplinary Care
To quote a contemporary leader in pain care, “Treating pain is a team sport.” Although our healthcare system is still disjointed, causing many clinicians to operate in what may feel like a lonely silo, we can support each other and bolster our patients’ confidence in their prognosis by communicating all elements of a care plan to patients that we have in common. But don’t think “multidisciplinary” and “interdisciplinary” mean the same thing. And how does health insurance view these types of care?
Did you enjoy this article?
and get our latest articles and more direct to your inboxProperty Attributes
- MLS#U8142296
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyPINELLAS
- CitySt Petersburg
- AreaSt Pete-Euclid
- NeighborhoodROSS OAKS
- Zip33704
- StyleMediterranean
- Price$ 635,000
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms3
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage2028
- Lot Size6,098 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
KELLER WILLIAMS ST PETE REALTY
Data Source:
Stellar MLS
Property Description
UNDER RENOVATION. Exterior image digitally rendered to show estimated appearance of finished product. Seller is in the middle of a beautiful renovation of this 3 bedroom 2 bath Euclid/St Paul Mediterranean Home, that also includes a 1 bedroom 1 bathroom apartment above the garage. Upgrades will include granite countertops, shaker cabinets, tile backsplash, stainless steel appliances, luxury vinyl plank flooring throughout, electric fireplace, and fully fenced in backyard. Estimated to be completed around the end of November.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolArms are the centerpiece of a shooter CS: GO. Either you want to sweep your opponents down like some kind of lethal ninja using a sword, or fire them from either a safe place to your AWP; your gun will always be there, across all CS: GO charts.
Once you begin the game for the first time, you get several standard guns that look like normal-life military equipment. It does seem pretty cool at first, but then once you get sick of green AWP skins and also the black M4A4. At some level, programmers probably got sick of it, too, but come up with a plan to spice things up. That is how skins come to life.
CS: GO Skins wouldn’t affect your playing statistics; they’re merely modifying the surface of your gun for you and for gamers to see. There are two different ways of obtaining sell/trade your skins of CS: GO:
- Steam (does have its payment system).
- 3rd party sites like DMarket that you can find affordable CS: GO skins. Gamers would like to withdraw their money and sell without the need for a fee.
The very first CS: GO gun case released in 2012 after the initial release of a game. Afterward, a ton for CS: GO skins introduced, the amount has almost hit 1,000. They collect information from the Steam marketplace and assembled a list of the best things.
Safari Mesh / Navaja Knife
Navaja Knife’s layout, based on the traditional Spanish fastening blade as well as, since about today, is the smallest knife in the CS: GO. Even though a lot of people are saying they’re ugly as well as puny, most players will find this inexpensive CS: GO knife cute as well as undervalued. The template, though, isn’t everything. You need to take into account the hair that surrounds it.
Safari Mesh can be a very minimalist design row, consisting of a military green center with either a finely sprayed cartoon character detail on a handle. The model is aesthetically unappealing. Coupled with only an unpopular knife layout, Navaja Knife Safari Mesh is an excellent pretender for either the least expensive CS: GO knife. You may quickly get this for $50, for even the StatTrak version.
Rust Coat / Shadow Daggers
Shadow Daggers is a rather unique, one of its kind model of cheapest CS: GO knife. This made up of two blades. These two dual daggers are constructed of a single piece of plastic and handle positioned in such a way to ensure smooth and quick stacking. With a few experiences, they will prove to have been a deadly improvement to knuckle dusters that are already somewhat hazardous accessories. Sadly, almost every shadow daggers of CS: GO found to be poorly drawn, with no strength and no motion. Shadow daggers are not familiar with the player base. Attach a scarce finish or voila you’ve got the cheapest CS: GO blade on the market.
Both StatTrak but also ordinary Shadow Daggers Rust Coat will only be available in 2 levels of wear: Battle-Scarred and Well-Worn. It’s one of the features of the finishing of Rust Coat. That would be strange, after all, to have a Manufacturing plant new so far rusty piece of kit. You could get a $50 vanilla variant and even a $75 StatTrak one, which makes this a very inexpensive CS: GO knife.
Night Stripe/Navaja Knife
It is another controversial model for an unsuccessful CS: GO blade. I hope we’re going to see a lot of this one today. A very basic, streamlined finish created by spraying a knife with either a tape mask design, all within the night operations color scheme, nothing vivid. Even though it’s so easy, I personally really like it a lot. That is a great change from the pricey and colorful CS: GO blade skins. Once it comes to performance, here, you will get about all the wear rates in the $40-$70 price bracket, bar Factory Fresh, which can be as big as $250. The latter suggests which ‘Navaja Knife Night Colour’, although it can handle as the cheapest knife of CS: GO, still has its fans.
Urban Masked / Falchion Knife
So, it’s something that I don’t comprehend. Falchion Knife looks awesome, perhaps not as lovely as Bayonet, Karambit, or Gut Machete, but still has a good line, a new shape as well as a deadly edge.
For a specific excuse, it still falls on many other inexpensive CS: GO skins of prices ranging from $60 to $110, for both vanillas including StatTrak. The low price may link to its completion. Urban Disguise is a tactical but also actual-life skin, which is also pretty dull, especially when you put this next to each other with designs like ‘Lore’ or ‘Crimson Internet’.
Rust Coat/Flip Knife
Rusted, but still fully operational, Flip Switch Rust Coat was the cheapest knife in CS: GO in the Flip Knife group. It really would point to finishing of the Rust Coat as one that is accountable with such a state of things. Searching at it from this point of view, you could get a fantastic Flip Knife is just $80-$100. You’re not going to get costlier than that!
Redline/AWP
The average Steam Value is $12.15 and it falls in Winter Tactical Gun Case. The last Appearance was on Dec 18, 2013, and the value of Gun has classified the very first gun of a RedLine community a black plasma rifle of red striped lines across the body that introduced to the game throughout the distant year after 2013.
How to Complete the Transaction?
There are some significant limitations on Steam as well as Valve that you need to read and understand carefully to make sure the money is safe and secure.
The client is obligated to comply with the rules of the system for either an excellent transaction: you should have the Steam Phone software downloaded no fewer than seven days. Until the payment rendered to validate the transfer of content by either the Steam Defense system, you should have the Steam Protect Protection System activated no less than 15 days until the transaction becomes made with either the business on the same phone.
You should not change your password on either the Steam system, of course, five days until the transaction completed. Your Steam account has now been disabled for the last two months, you should not update your Steam machine key inside 30 days of the payment; you should not modify your Steam platform email address of at least five days leading up to a transaction.Business, Real Estate and Litigation Attorneys
Trusted, experienced counsel for individuals and businesses
Practice Areas
We provide a wide array of legal services to professionals and the public.
Testimonials
My multiple experiences with Adler Wellikoff have been very satisfactory
and extremely helpful with my legal matters. They listen to my concerns and offer excellent legal advice.
I have worked with Adler Wellikoff PLLC since its formation
and with Scott Wellikoff for several years before that. The firm has handled my own professional legal work and has been the go-to legal resource that I refer to clients.
Working with Aaron was great! He listened to my situation,
was honest about my options and then went to work to negotiate my severance, keeping in mind my needs and goals the entire time. I liked that he was very quick to respond when I had questions and he took the time to explain his progress each step of the way so that I never felt in the dark. I would absolutely recommend this firm!
Scott and his staff acted decisively and respectfully
while being prudent with our fees. We would not hesitate in engaging Adler Wellikoff again.
I have been working with Aaron for a few years on some commercial real estate transactions
and couldn’t be happier. Great person to work with and very proactive which makes the process as easy as can be. I strongly recommend.For Immediate Release
Office of the Press Secretary
April 16, 2003
Presidential Letter
Text of a Letter from the President to the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President of the Senate
April 15, 2003
Dear Mr. Speaker: (Dear Mr. President:)
As required by section 401(c) of the National Emergencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), I transmit herewith a 6-month periodic report prepared by my Administration on the national emergency with respect to significant narcotics traffickers centered in Colombia declared in Executive Order 12978 of October 21, 1995.
Sincerely,
GEORGE W. BUSH
# # #A man raises his hand in Google office.Mark Lennihan /Press Association. All rights reserved.
Large Internet corporations are increasingly exerting an influence over the social and political aspects of our lives as well as economically influencing the marketplace. Google is foremost among them as a very large and very pervasive private actor in the online space, providing everything from search to email to mobile operating systems.
Google’s business model may also be viewed as particularly concerning from a digital rights perspective, given the vast amounts of data created by and about its users which power its services. As the Snowden revelations uncovered, national security agencies have also tapped into this vast data bank under Google’s control in less than legitimate and transparent ways.
What’s legal?
What then about the law? Google’s business practices have clashed with different laws in different countries. Google’s practices have also been curtailed somewhat by European data protection law, such as by recognising European citizens’ ‘right to be forgotten’ from its search results in certain circumstances, and by curtailing Google’s ability to combine user data from across its myriad services. But even the EU’s data protection laws have been criticised by prominent legal academics in the field. In Bert-Jan Koops’ view they only have a marginal effect on real-world data processing practices. Lynskey also calls them ‘permissive’ laws which allow for the collection of personal data (so long as certain criteria are met) ‘endors[ing] the commodification of personal data’.
Data protection law is also not very concerned with the size of the entity collecting and processing the data – whether it is in a competitive marketplace or whether it is a monopoly. Furthermore, human rights are generally only enforceable vis-à-vis the nation-state rather than vis-à-vis private actors, despite these actors being transnational corporations that are richer and more powerful than certain countries.
Combatting collusion
Given Google’s ubiquity, one area of law which we might turn to is antitrust, or competition, law. These laws are designed to combat the negative effects of monopoly power for consumers, and to stop competitors colluding with each other. Indeed, the most prominent example of legal proceedings against Google globally continues to be the ongoing European Commission antitrust investigation into its alleged abuse of dominance in its search and advertising business.
The European Commission started investigating Google after complaints were made by Google’s competitors in the ‘vertical search’ price comparison markets: originally price comparison site Foundem, ejustice.fr (a French legal search engine) and German shopping site Ciao (owned by Microsoft).
Subsequently the competitors have formed a lobby group, FairSearch. The complaints against Google alleged that Google was using its dominant position in online generic search and advertising to give it an unfair advantage in these other markets. The investigation was opened in 2010 and has still yet to reach a conclusion. During this time, the US authorities have also considered Google’s conduct, and in 2013 concluded that this conduct did not violate antitrust laws. This was because the design changes Google adopted for its search results page (it displayed its own vertical search results more prominently and had the effect of pushing the organic search links further down the page) were done primarily to improve the ‘quality’ of its search product and the overall ‘user experience’.
However, the saga between Google and the European Commission has been lengthy and drawn out. The Commission has twice rejected offers from Google to change its behaviour. The Commission seemed to accept Google’s third proposal in early 2014, yet bowed to lobbying pressure later that year in appearing to reject the third proposal after the ‘politicisation’ of the case within the EU. Google’s offers have involved potential changes to the search results page, particularly as regards labeling of different kinds of results and the more prominent placement of links to competitors’ services.
It has always been in Google’s interests to reach a settlement with the Commission since otherwise the Commission would proceed with a full-blown investigation, quite probably resulting in the imposition of remedies as well as a large fine (up to 10 percent of global turnover).
Interestingly, it is actually unclear whether Google’s alleged conduct vis-à-vis its competitors actually constitutes a violation of EU competition law, as it does not fall within a recognized ‘head’ of abuse of dominance. Even if the Commission concluded its investigation and found that Google was abusing its dominant position, Google would still be able to appeal the case to the European courts, which may take a narrower view of the situation based on previous monopolies case-law.
Surprisingly weak remedy
From the user perspective, however, given the size and pervasiveness of Google, if the investigation outcome is that Google must only make some relatively superficial changes to how its search results are presented, remedy may seem rather weak. More transparency regarding Google’s algorithm and inner machinations does not seem to be on the table (and would likely be stymied by trade secrets protection), nor are any measures which would tackle Google’s vast collection of user data (the reforms to European data protection law in the form of the new Regulation will not tackle this either).
This may seem surprising to many, given Google seems to be obviously a monopoly. But EU competition law has been influenced by the same neoliberal trends that have permeated economic regulation more generally, and accordingly only operates in a minimalist way.
Yet in the past, competition law in Europe, especially Germany, was influenced by ordoliberal currents which were suspicious of large accumulations of private power for both the economic and political influence that such entities could wield. In its early history, US antitrust law also was suspicious about private power’s political as well as economic influence. Google’s ever-expanding size and portfolio can be conceptualised as exactly the kind of private power accumulation which concerned the ordoliberals. Indeed, Google’s vast (and ever growing) concentration of power is political as well as economic, with large amounts of its money being invested in political lobbyists and even funding research at universities and think tanks. This influence may pose problems for the democratic process and democratic oversight over such a large company.
Yet, throughout the Google investigation the Commission has said very little about Google’s impact on its users’ digital rights.
Regulatory tension
However, the European Data Protection Supervisor in 2014 did make a connection between Google’s monopolistic size and its practices of gathering large amounts of user data, calling for competition analysis to incorporate data protection violations into its conception of ‘consumer harm’.
But EU competition law’s ‘More Economic Approach’ means that it is difficult to take into account values, such as human rights, in the largely quantitative and financialised analysis of whether anticompetitive conduct by a monopoly has caused consumer harm.
Indeed, ‘ the pursuit or consideration for other non-economic goals under competition law is at odds with neoliberalism’, and so likely to give rise to much regulatory tension if competition bodies find themselves under pressure to apply non-economic values that may be encompassed by human rights – in both this case against Google and in other investigations involving other rights beyond the digital.
So who benefits?
But why has the Commission been pursuing Google, especially if it’s not clear that Google is committing a recognised abuse of its dominant position or that the investigation will result in a good outcome for users?
The explanation may be found in factors such as: European protectionism when faced with an American corporation (although some of Google’s competitors which have been making the complaints are also American); the Commission’s own political concerns, such as being seen by the general public to be a relevant institution by acting in the face of what many perceive as a pernicious monopoly; and lobbying from a coalition of European ‘digital companies’ mainly from France and Germany, and some domestic politicians from these countries who also urged the Commission to reconsider the commitments previously offered by Google.
The outcome of the European Commission’s investigation into Google remains to be seen. But it seems clear so far that the Commission has not been overly ‘invasive’ of Google’s business practices, and particularly those which pose the most concern for users. Furthermore, it is far from clear that Google’s overall power will be dramatically weakened as a result of the investigation. Instead, it may be that it is Google’s competitors who benefit in the end, rather than users.
Where does this leave us, the users? Essentially, caught between one area of law, competition, which aims to tackle monopolies but is not good at taking our digital rights into account; and another area of law, data protection, which (as the name suggests) is supposed to protect our data but is not very concerned with monopolies collecting vast amounts of data so long as its criteria for collection and processing are met.
The EU’s Charter of Fundamental Rights has been invoked in a number of recent cases (Scarlet v SABAM, Digital Rights Ireland, Schrems) to protect personal data and curtail state-directed surveillance and monitoring via private companies. However, it is far from clear that a private company, collecting user data for its own ‘economic surveillance’ purposes would be treated in the same way.
Without a more ‘joined up’ EU legal and regulatory framework which integrates both digital rights and economic concerns when it comes to Internet monopolies such as Google, users may have to look for solutions outside of the law to protect their privacy, enhance their free expression and promote their economic autonomy.
This article is based on the discussion about Google in Angela Daly’s forthcoming book Private Power, Online Information Flows and EU Law, which will be published in late 2016 by Hart.
Read more
Get our weekly email
CommentsWe encourage anyone to comment, please consult the oD commenting guidelines if you have any questions.Virgin Australia lounge access for VA6 Brisbane-bound LAX flyers
Virgin Australia has finally arranged LAX lounge access for travellers on Saturday's VA6 flight from Los Angeles to Brisbane.
As of this Saturday June 10, business class passengers and Platinum and Gold Velocity Frequent Flyer members will be able to grab a light breakfast or brunch at the Los Angeles International Lounge before their 11.15am departure.
This is an airport-run facility used by several airlines which don't have their own lounge at LAX.
It's not up to the same high standard as the Etihad or Emirates lounges used for Virgin Australia's other flights – nor the Star Alliance lounge which Virgin once called home – but it's got sandwiches, sweets, snacks and coffee (albeit Starbucks) and even a balcony area overlooking the terminal.
PREVIOUS | Virgin Australia hopes to bring back lounge access at Los Angeles this week for business class travellers and top-tier frequent flyers on its Saturday flight VA6 to Brisbane.
Passengers on the Brisbane-bound VA8 service which departs LAX at 11.50pm can rest up in the Etihad Airways lounge if they're booked in business class, or the Emirates lounge if they hold Velocity Gold or Platinum status.
However, since the middle of April when Virgin changed the time of its Saturday VA6 flight to leave Los Angeles at 11.15am rather than the late evening, passengers on that flight have been without lounge access because neither the Emirates or Etihad lounges are open that early in the morning.
Instead, business class flyers and Velocity Gold and Platinum card-holders are provided with food vouchers to redeem at the terminal's eateries plus 10,000 Velocity points as a make-good for the inconvenience.
Australian Business Traveller understands that new lounge arrangements are almost in place and an announcement could be made this week – ideally in time for this Saturday's VA6 flight, which will certainly be news to cheer its passengers.
Hi Guest, join in the discussion on Virgin Australia lounge access for VA6 Brisbane-bound LAX flyers
Qantas - Qantas Frequent Flyer
12 Jun 2011
Total posts 153
It continues to astound me how much of a mess Virgin's international schedule is. Different departures times wildly different day to day.
Qantas - Qantas Frequent Flyer
28 Oct 2011
Total posts 460
And the complete mish-mash of lounge arrangements - different lounges depending on flight destination, class and status!!
Qantas - Qantas Frequent Flyer
12 Jun 2011
Total posts 153
I'm sure this will also include different lounge one can access at LAX depending on time of departure!
25 Feb 2013
Total posts 66
To be fair, this haphazard arrangement is largely a temporary one because my understanding is that VA will move into the new Delta terminals, where a flagship lounge that is apparently quite spectacular is being developed.
If this were a permanent arrangement it would irk me no end (and lots of things about VA do!), but the plans they have for the DL look pretty exciting to me (as someone who travels a lot to and through the US on VA). I just hope they do it sooner rather than later.
Qantas - Qantas Frequent Flyer
08 Aug 2016
Total posts 59
its pretty disgraceful that they don't have lounge access already. especially when J tickets can reach up to 4-5K each way. get your act together Virgin.
28 Oct 2011
Total posts 662
It's almost as if the 'scheduling dept' doesn't inform 'management' of the airlines schedules lol. But I rather think it's 'management' being fully aware of the schedules, BUT adopting the 'let's just see how far we can get away with it', because it's actually cheaper just to give a voucher. I have noticed, via social media, that many Business/status passengers have complained about the 'non lounge facilities'. And suddenly now VA promises a lounge solution. lol. You would think , these details /arrangements would be worked out BEFORE the commencement of a scheduled flight. VA is really a basket case. This is my opinion.
Qantas - Qantas Frequent Flyer
12 Jun 2016
Total posts 41
What a shambles of an airline VA is.Share price currently at 17c (52 week high 32c)
It hasn't made a profit since it was Virgin Blue and it's International "network" is a disgrace.
It should revert to a LCC and make some money.
Qantas - Qantas Frequent Flyer
17 Mar 2016
Total posts 27
Scheduling issues not only with Virgin Australia but also Virgin America which can be very different from booking to departure. I thought the issue of Lounge access had been sorted at LAX but still an ongoing saga! Does make Qantas FF program that much more attractive & reliable
Virgin Australia - Velocity Rewards
10 Dec 2016
Total posts 45
There is another VA lounge issue, with Etihad departing T2 at Frankfurt and moving to T1 at Frankfurt. The lounges that you can now use as an Etihad or Virgin codeshare flyer are Lufthansa. The Etihad lounge at T2 was exceptional and close to the gate, now in T1 you have the sub standard Lufthansa "Business" lounge which is at least two levels below the old Etihad lounge. Etihad check in at T1 say you get access to the Lufthansa Senator lounge,but on a recent trip the lounge door person says " No you can only use the Business lounge" Its a significant move downmarket by Etihad and VA code share flyers. Oh and a long walk to the gate as well
Qantas - Qantas Frequent Flyer
30 May 2013
Total posts 353
It's almost as though VA need to stop, take a breath and start again. They need to get their lounge arrangements in place. They need to work out what "food and drink" on all flights really means - half a muesli bar is NOT a meal. What's happening with Tigerair and the A320/737 switch over? Are they returning to Bali after the Tigerair fiasco? How much is it costing to use Alliance to operate so many of their flights? Are the E190's and ATR aircraft staying or going? Is Abu Dhabi via Perth really a good idea and should they have cancelled it before it even starts? Melbourne-LAX - they're in and out like a tennis elbow. LAX schedules are inconsistent with differing departure times depending on the day of the week. I know this post is all over the place, but so are the decisions at Virgin Australia. It's become a complete mishmash to the point where I've lost total confidence in them delivering their product.
Qantas - Qantas Frequent Flyer
17 Aug 2016
Total posts 23
E190s are done by the end of the year by the latest some have already left and the ATR 72 500 fleet is done on July 17th as well as tWO ATR 72 600 the remaining 600 will be based in Cbr and syd! There will be 6 of them!
02 Dec 2016
Total posts 93
I think you hit the nail/s on the head Ryan.
Qantas - Qantas Frequent Flyer
30 Apr 2014
Total posts 35 business lounge in brisbane wow platinum rewarded , hot meal morning night , empty seat when load are light, flight attendant happy to look after you .... how things have changed .
Qantas - Qantas Frequent Flyer
29 Jul 2013
Total posts 209
Totally agree with you, @Ryan K! VA's inability to do anything consistently on their international network is why I only fly QF between AU and US and relegate VA to my back-up carrier for domestic travel.
10 Jun 2015
Total posts 3
I would prefer a meal voucher to the Etihad Lounge in LAX!
Virgin Australia - Velocity Rewards
10 Dec 2016
Total posts 45
The Etihad Lounge is small, poorly air conditioned and has some of the worst service in LAX.
Virgin Australia - Velocity Rewards
07 Dec 2014
Total posts 178
I understand how frustrating the lounge mess is; but to those who say they 'prefer Qantas' on the route, surely the 16 hour flight in inferior 2-2-2 10 year old business class seats, or 17.5in 3-4-3 seats in economy, simply doesn't cut it?
Qantas - Qantas Frequent Flyer
28 Jul 2016
Total posts 109
Keep in mind Qantas's product on the A380 will be reconfigured soonish... and the 787 is coming. Still, I agree with that comment for the present service.
Qantas - Qantas Frequent Flyer
22 Jul 2015
Total posts 223
Only an occasion user on VA locally but their product is fine. Now international is a different story and that's why it is QF/OW. Makes global travel easy and with all the trimmings like lounge access. Hopefully VA can sort out.
19 Feb 2016
Total posts 7
I recently flew on this service and used the VA 777. Must say very impressed and the flight back from LAX at 1115 I didn't mind at all. Was nice to get home at 7pm and have a proper sleep.
I was annoyed about the lack of lounge facilities as well, but as I was transitting from a domestic service it was only 1.5 hours so wasn't too bad. Glad that there is a lounge option now and hope to be using this service again.
I am surprised that they don't offer this flight timing more often. I guess cheaper to keep an aircraft in LAX than Australia and most passengers transit onto the later flight than the morning departure.
17 Jun 2018
Total posts 1
Sitting in the lounge now waiting for VA6. Is pretty dire...
British Airways - Executive Club
10 Apr 2015
Total posts 14
VA6 (Saturday LAX - BNE) now uses Emirates - seems to only be for this flight - good spread of food, Champagne breakfast is possible once again...Model TRA5182A
Manufacturer: Traxxas
Warning: Last items in stock!
Add to wishlist
Add to Cart
This product is not sold individually. You must select at least 1 quantity for this product.
These are the 5182A 20 x 27 x 4mm Ball Bearings for the Traxxas X-Maxx Monster Truck, TRAD75**.
FEATURES
INCLUDES
SPECIFICATIONS
Traxxas Ball Bearing Black Rubber Sealed 20x27x4 Ball Bearings 10x15x4mm Revo (2)
Traxxas Ball Bearings 8x16x5mm Revo (2)
Traxxas Ball Bearings 6x12x4mm Revo (2)
Traxxas Ball Bearings 5x11x4mm Revo (2)
Axial Bearing 15x21x4mm (2)
Dromida Sealed Bearings 6x10mm (2)
Traxxas Bearing One-Way Starter TRX .15
Traxxas Ball Bearings 5x10x4mm Revo (2)
Traxxas Ball Bearing 10x19x5mm
Redcat One Way Bearing SH.28 and SH.21
Redcat Hex Nut One Way Bearing for VX .18 .16...
HPI Racing Ball Bearing Set Recon
HPI Racing One-Way Bearing For Pull Start .21 BB
HPI Racing Bearing 10x16x5mm Savage 21 (2)
HPI Racing Bearing 8x16x5mm Savage 21 (2)
Arrma Ball Bearing 8X19X6
Arrma Bearing 8x16x5
Traxxas BALL BEARING 5X11X4
Traxxas ball bearings, black rubber sealed...
Arrma 15X21XX4MM Bearing
RPM Replacement Oversized Inner Bearings For...
Pro Tek 5x8x2.5mm bearings
Protek 10X15X4 Bearing
Team Associated 10x16 bearing
ProTek RC 14x25.4x6 Bearing
Protek 5x10x4 Bearing
Traxxas Ball Bearings 5x11x4mm (2)
Traxxas Ball Bearings 10x15x4mm (2)
Axial Bearing 10x15x4mm
Dromida Differential Assembled w/Bearing...
Subscribe to our newsletter and keep up with news, promotions, sales and discounts! revolutions per minute. The other end of the spectrum spun the records at the blazing speed of 78 revolutions per minute. This was the 1980s, so those two settings were pretty much archaic at that point, since 78-rpm records faded away in the 1950s, and from what I can discover online, there never really were many 16-rpm records to begin with. But those settings were always fun. Put a record on at sssiiiixxxttteeennn aaannnddd iiitttt ssssooouuunnndddeeedddd llliiikkkkeeee ttthhhiiisssss. And 78? Well, how do you think Dave Seville discovered the Chipmunks? Comedy gold to a 6-year-old!
So we certainly had records intended to play at 33 (well, 33-1/3, but who’s counting?) and at 45. I still have a bunch of my parents’ records today, but nothing to play them on. I owned a few myself. I had a 33 LP of Superman stories, and another of Batman stories. But I think the only honest-to-goodness LP of music I owned was Michael Jackson’s Thriller. What an album! “Beat It,” “Billie Jean,” “Human Nature,” and of course, “Thriller” itself. But I had a handful of 45’s. Let’s see how many I remember.
- “Thriller” by Michael Jackson (this was in addition to the LP — and it was a disappointing 45; no Vincent Price on this version!)
- “Eat It” by Weird Al Yankovic
- “Like a Surgeon” by Weird Al Yankovic
- “You Can Do Magic” by America
- “Run Runaway” by Slade
- “I Feel For You” by Chaka Khan
- “Believe It Or Not” (Theme from Greatest American Hero) by Joey Scarbury
- “Axel F” by Harold Faltermeyer
Oh my goodness. I swear I had more than that. But wow, what memories this is bringing back. Playing those songs over and over again. Listening to the B-sides over and over as well, thinking they were just as good. And then I graduated to cassettes. A bunch of Weird Al cassettes, and the soundtrack to Top Gun.
But there was always something special about those early 45’s. I didn’t understand music yet, but I was starting to discover things I liked. It’s a long way from the Beatles and Pink Floyd and Barenaked Ladies. But that’s for another number — maybe.
2 thoughts on “Forty-Five”
And we needed the little plastic adapter .
Yes! I remember I had these little yellow plastic things that went in each record.Will I or won’t I accept the offer?
By law, all offers, irrespective of price levels, must be submitted to you by your agent. Each one is a sure sign of interest and is normally only a starting point in negotiations. To say no to an offer is better than no offer at all.
It is important to not be personally offended by an offer, should it be below your expectation.
You can simply so no to an offer, and you then wait for another offer. Remember, Anna will work with you, discuss your options and always work towards getting the best possible result from the sale of your property.
Should I drop the price?
The asking price should be looked upon as the starting point in the negotiations. If there are no offers however, or not enough inspections, it is worth reviewing the asking price.
If you don’t respond to market conditions and responses, then it will be difficult to sell your property when there are other similar properties in the area selling that Buyers see as better value. When considering whether to modify the asking price of your property, it’s vital that you compare your property to the actual sale price of other properties that have been sold, as opposed to those properties still on the market.- Details
DetailsYou. Grades: 4+.
- Additional Information
Additional Information
- Find More
More Information
- See all of the Wiebe Carlson Associates products we carry in our teacher supplies manufacturer section.
- Looking for something similar? View our Language Arts or Games sections to find more teacher supplies items similar to Learning Advantage Words Galore Game.
- This item may also be listed in our educational supplies store catalog with item IDs WCAWCA6298.
You may also be interested in the following product(s)
Says Whooo
Regular Price: $6.99
Special Price $6.78
Language Arts File Folder Games To Go Set Gr K
Regular Price: $50.99
Special Price $49.46
Red Light Green Light
Regular Price: $6.99
Special Price $6.78
First 100 Words Activity Game
Regular Price: $15.49
Special Price $15.03
Language Arts Learning Games, Grade 2
Regular Price: $24.99
Special Price $24.24
Word Whiz Electronic Flash Card
Regular Price: $26.99
Special Price $26.18Browse 336 FACEBOOK DATA CENTER Jobs ($36K-$135K) hiring now from companies with openings. Find your next job near you & 1-Click Apply 13 Facebook Data Center Technician jobs. Search job openings, see if they fit - company salaries, reviews, and more posted by Facebook employees Reviews from Facebook employees about working as a Data Center Technician at Facebook. Learn about Facebook culture, salaries, benefits, work-life balance, management, job security, and more
Welcome to Prineville, OR. Located in the heart of beautiful Central Oregon, our Prineville Oregon Datacenter is Facebook's first Datacenter designed and built to utilize the latest energy efficient Open Compute Project technology. Facebook's mission is to bring the world closer together, and we're just getting started. We're looking for. Average Facebook Data Center Technician yearly pay in the United States is approximately $121,041, which is 53% above the national average. Salary information comes from 9 data points collected directly from employees, users, and past and present job advertisements on Indeed in the past 36 months. Please note that all salary figures are. Facebook F16 data center network topology. Join Us. We're a global data center leader with a platform spanning 29 global markets across four continents. We're a technology innovator, bringing new capabilities and on-demand services to colocation and interconnection. We're not a small company, but we're born from entrepreneurship and operate with the DNA of a technology startup - fast. The facility will be Facebook's 12th data center in the U.S. The 907,000 square-foot facility will be supported by 100 percent renewable energy and will use 80% less water than an average data center Experience in facebook data center altoona jobs and other health services management will give you an advantage like no other fields. With more than 203, we offer you a chance to evaluate your career. › Altoona ia jobs › Facebook jobs altoona iowa › Facebook jobs iowa. What. Search by Hospital Or Health System
The center will be the 13th Facebook data center in the U.S. and 17th worldwide, and will create 100 permanent jobs. News Sports Counties Business Music USA TODAY Obituaries E-Edition Legals Subscrib Facebook to invest $750 million in Alabama data center with 100 jobs. HUNTSVILLE, Alabama - Facebook announced plans today to build a $750 million data center in Huntsville that will create 100 high-paying jobs and provide a boost to Alabama's emerging technology sector. Governor Kay Ivey joined Facebook officials and local leaders this. Data Center Site Project.
Data Center Product Hardware Platform Engineer. Clonee 7 d. €53K-€65K Per Year (Glassdoor Est.) Show Salary Details. Facebook. Save Job. Data Center Engineering Specialist - Operations Analytics. Clonee 20 d. €56K-€68K Per Year (Glassdoor Est. Data Center Workforce Facebook's rapid expansion has changed the local workforce at data center locations dramatically over the last three years. Since 2017, Facebook has increased its direct data center employment by 164% and contracted employment by 139%. In 2019, direct data center employment totaled more than 850 people For every 1 Facebook data center worker, there . were 5 jobs supported elsewhere in the economy by operating expenditures. For every $1 million in Facebook spending on . data center operations, there were 13 jobs supported elsewhere in the economy. $1M. 1. RTI calculations based on Bureau of Economic Analysis GDP-by-industry data
Today's top 1,000+ Data Center jobs in Ireland. Leverage your professional network, and get hired. New Data Center jobs added daily We Helped 50,000 British People Find Work in 2020. Find Your New Job Today - Apply Now! Urgent Hires Required - Be the First to Apply! 1000s of New Jobs Added Daily . Results for Facebook in Papillion, Nebraska, United States. (4 new) Data Center Regional EHS Program Manager
Data Center Engineering. Facebook is a leader in developing, building, and operating highly reliable and efficient data centers through high-quality execution and innovation. Our disaggregated hardware designs for compute and storage servers, switches, and optics are available through the Open Compute Project Apply for Data Center jobs at Microsoft. Browse our opportunities and apply today to a Microsoft Data Center position New Facebook Data Center sparks opportunities for DeKalb and NIU. July 27, 2020. Facebook's recent announcement that it will build a data center in DeKalb is an exciting sign of progress and growth for the region. The environmentally sustainable 907,000-square-foot facility, located off Gurler Road on DeKalb's south side, will bring a. Facebook has 7 different job openings posted for the data center on their website, and those jobs on average are expected to pay $80,000 annually, according to the company.
Click here for a list of data center locations from Facebook. Filter your results to find the right facility for you or call us at +1 833-471-7100 An inside look at the Facebook data center in New Albany. (Jeff Sheerer - WBNS) It is the 10th data center for the social media giant. Governor Mike DeWine spoke at the opening, saying the company. Facebook's Huntsville Data Center is set to open in the coming months, but the center has already been contributing to the economic growth of the area, according to a report released on Thursday FORT WORTH. Facebook hopes to expand its Fort Worth data center, but the project likely won't bring many high-paying tech jobs. An incentive package unveiled Tuesday aims to bring $150 million. Today's top 29 Facebook jobs in Shelby, North Carolina, United States. Leverage your professional network, and get hired. New Facebook jobs added daily
Facebook data center expansion adding jobs in Sarpy County - 6:30PM. Published: Mar. 24, 2021 at 7:00 PM CDT | Updated: Mar. 24, 2021 at 6:30 PM CDT News. Rusty's Morning Forecast. Facebook is seeking an experienced Field Logistics Analyst to focus on Data Center Field and Warehouse operations. This person will be responsible for supporting the regional field leads to develop and implement consistent processes. This position requires communication skills, collaboration, a natural orientation to process analysis and.
Facebook data centre to generate 2,000 construction jobs Work on €200m Co Meath facility due to get underway in next few months Mon, Jan 25, 2016, 01:00 Updated: Mon, Jan 25, 2016, 15:0 Facebook to build $800M Tennessee data center with 100 jobs The center, located about 30 miles from Nashville, will house various types of workers, including technical operations, electricians. Facebook is seeking a Director to lead Data Center Facility Operations for our operating sites in the Northern European region. Our Northern European region is made up of data centers in Sweden and Denmark, as well as future sites that are yet to be announced/built
Facebook Investing $750M In New Georgia Data Center. Facebook will create at least 100 full-time jobs and invest $750 million in a new data center in Stanton Springs, GA over the next five years Facebook Jobs. What. job title, keywords. Where. city, state, country. Home View All Jobs (30,637) Results, order, filter 7 Jobs in Henrico, VA Featured Jobs; Area Chef. Henrico, Virginia Data Center Logistics Analyst (1) Electrical Subject Matter Expert (1 Facebook has announced it will build an $800 million data center in DeKalb that will create about 100 permanent jobs and depend on 100 percent renewable energy. The Chicago Sun-Times is supported. Facebook confirming plans to build a $1 billion data center at White Oak Technology Park in Sandston. Leaders say this building project is expected to bring thousands of construction jobs Facebook is investing $800 million to build a new state-of-the-art data center in Gallatin, TN. Once operational, the project is estimated to support approximately 100 jobs and will have more than.
Solution Architect - Data Centre Re-location. Listed twenty four days ago 24d ago at Redblue recruitment. This is a Full Time job. location: Sydney Sydney $160,000 - $999,999 classification: Information & Communication Technology Information & Communication Technology subClassification: Architects Architects Facebook Facebook Eagle Mountain Utah is located at 1650 Stagecoach Run, Eagle Mountain, UT, USA. The data center is 970000 sqft. The gross colocation space is not available for this data center. It has access to 1000 MW of power. We found 13 data center locations within 50 miles of this facility. No certifications are specified for this location Mr Thomas Furlong, vice president for Infrastructure Data Centers at Facebook, told reporters at the launch event that the new project will create thousands of construction jobs, while the. Facebook has announced it is again expanding its Papillion data center in Sarpy County, Nebraska. The social network company is adding 1 million square feet (92,900 sqm) and investing an additional $400 million to the site, taking its total investment in Nebraska to nearly $1.5 billion. When complete, the data center will be 3.6 million sq ft (334,400 sq m) in total Facebook's Huntsville Data Center has helped foster economic growth locally since breaking ground in 2018. The data center, which is scheduled to go online next year, represents more than a $750 million investment, employed hundreds of construction jobs and supports more than 200 jobs
At Facebook, our mission is to bring the world closer together and to give people the power to build community. Climate change is one of the most urgent issues impacting our world today and we are committed to help tackle this global challenge. We're doing our part by working to minimize our energy, emissions and water impact, while. Facebook said they plan on hiring as much local talent as possible for the new $750 million data center in north Huntsville. Christy Dillon is in the computer engineering program at the University. Facebook Building $800M Data Center In Tennessee The social media giant's new data center will be supported by 100 percent renewable energy and create approximately 100 jobs in Gallatin, TN. Facebook's third data center on the Los Lunas campus in New Mexico is up and running. This latest opening marks the halfway point on a plan to build six facilities. According to Facebook, the construction work on the entire campus should be finished in 2023. Albuquerque Business First originally reported the news but several jobs have since.
Facebook Won't Hire You for Its Data Center. Huge government tax giveaways aren't yielding many jobs. Thousands of servers at the Facebook data center in Forest City, N.C., on April 19, 2012. The first phase of Facebook's Newton Data Center will include an investment of about $750 million with a 970,000-square-foot facility. Monroe-based Walton Electric Membership Corp. will provide. Seventy-five percent of those workers come from Iowa, said data center site manager Brice Towns. In addition to construction jobs, Facebook's data center employs 300 people. The new construction. Networking & Traffic MAY 20, 2021. Peering automation at Facebook. Data Center Engineering MAY 13, 2021. Running Border Gateway Protocol in large-scale data centers. Data Center Engineering MAY 10, 2021. Most of computing's carbon emissions are coming from manufacturing and infrastructure. DevInfra APR 29, 2021
Among information provided by Facebook on Thursday: • The construction of the data center has so far used 128,000 cubic yards of concrete, 14,600 tons of steel and 4,572 miles of wire Now that the center is serving traffic, it is helping to bring Facebook apps and services to billions of people around the world. The $1 billion investment will help support more than 200 jobs in. The technology sector is demanding but rewarding. Work in a data center may not be a career you are considering, but data center infrastructure jobs train you in the latest innovations and can lead to a generous salary. Learn more about expanding your IT skillset and building a promising career Search facebook data center jobs. Get the right facebook data center job with company ratings & salaries. 65 open jobs for facebook data center. Get hired The new Facebook Data Center is up and running. Search site. Watch Live Watc
Facebook's Fort Worth data center on State Highway 170 will total $1.5 billion in cost when completed. Since we broke ground in 2015, construction has been continuous at this site and has had. Data Center Network Engineers at Facebook are hybrid software/network engineers who design, build, and operate our worldwide Data Center network. This team owns the complete lifecycle of the Data Center network ranging from planning, design, product definition to QA, deployment, and monitoring Facebook Newton County Data Center. Rendering courtesy of Facebook. Facebook has announced a three-building expansion at its Newton Data Center, a 970,000-square-foot data center in Newton County, Ga. In the second phase of the development, the company will add 1.5 million square feet to the existing two-building campus
NEW ALBANY, Ohio (AP) —. Facebook's data centers worldwide, by the numbers and in pictures. A status update on Facebook's homegrown datacenters. With more than 1.32 billion users and counting , Facebook is arguably at the. Amazon Data Srvcs Ireland Ltd 3.6. Dublin. Typically manages 5 or more direct reports, manager of managers. The Data Centre Operations Engineering Manager (DCEO) Manager, with be responsible for data. 30+ days ago. Save job. Not interested. Report job. · Save job ·
We won't store sensitive data in countries with weak records on human rights in order to protect data from being improperly accessed. Bug Bounty Program In 2019, we awarded over $2.2 million to researchers from over 60 countries, bringing our payout total to date to over $9.8 million to strengthen the security of our users and the internet at. Click here for Facebook company profile and stats, services, contact information and data center locations. Call +1 833-471-7100 for pricing
State and local officials confirmed Wednesday that the multi-million-dollar data center in Gallatin, previously known as Project Woolhawk, is the social media behemoth Facebook, a project years in. GALLATIN, TENN. (WSMV) - Social media giant Facebook is set to invest $800 million to build a state-of-the-art data center in Gallatin. Construction is reportedly already underway at the Gallatin. At the Data Center Jobs Board, we have a new job listing from RagingWire Data Centers, which is seeking a Manager, Critical Facilities in Sacramento, California. Data Center Jobs: CBRE Dec 10, 201
The Facebook facility will require only a few dozen people to operate, though the company says the project will support 200 jobs on completion. Utah is currently home to numerous data centers, including facilities operated by eBay, Twitter, Oracle and the National Security Agency Facebook is scheduled to break ground in October, and the data center is expected to be fully operational by late 2018. The first phase of the project - there could be up to six phases - will. Average Salary for a Data Center Operations Manager. Data Center Operations Managers in America make an average salary of $117,698 per year or $57 per hour. The top 10 percent makes over $155,000 per year, while the bottom 10 percent under $88,000 per year. Average Salary. $117,698 Facebook said Thursday it will spend $750 million to build two more massive data centers on the outskirts of the tiny central Oregon town. The project will expand the company's complex to seven. The administration area of Facebook's Papillion Data Center shown on Thursday when the company had a ribbon-cutting. About 100 employees are working at the site, but it will employ around 200.Cristiano Ronaldo is the FIFA Ballon d’Or winner for the year 2014. The Real Madrid star fended off Barcelona’s Lionel Messi and Bayern Munich’s Manuel Neuer to the gong in a gala event held in Zurich in Switzerland. This is the second year in the row that the Portuguese has won the award, and the third time overall.
FIFA BALLON D’OR: The winner is @Cristiano #BallondOr pic.twitter.com/p8Gcf5vwa9
— FIFA.com (@FIFAcom) January 12, 2015
FIFA Ballon D’Or voting: Cristiano Ronaldo 37.66% of all votes. Lionel Messi 15.76% Manuel Neuer 15.72%
— Rob Harris (@RobHarris) January 12, 2015
Football may be a team sport, but being adjudged the best individual player is an achievement every professional dreams about. FIFA Ballon d’Or award celebrates the individual who has dazzled, enchanted, mesmerised and delighted every football-watcher around the world with his displays throughout the year.
The three finalists for the award, as stated earlier, were Real Madrid’s Cristiano Ronaldo, Barcelona’s Lionel Messi and Bayern Munich’s Manuel Neuer.
Ronaldo, the defending champion from 2013, had another incredible season for his club, scoring 51 goals in all competitions in 47 appearances. 17 of those goals came in the Champions League, an all-time record in the competition. Real went on to win the Copa Del Rey as well as the 10th European title in their history. His year with the Portuguese national team though, wasn’t as eventful as he only managed one goal in the World Cup in Brazil as his side were knocked out in the group stages. His outrageously good scoring record with his club though, has continued in the 2014/15, and he came into this event, in many eyes, as the favourite to retain his award.
Backstage with @Cristiano at The #BallondOrpic.twitter.com/vxcxvXGGCA — FIFA.com (@FIFAcom) January 12, 2015
Lionel Messi had a relatively lukewarm year by his hugely high standards. After scoring 60 goals in the 2012/13 campaign en route to winning his 4th consecutive Ballon d’Or Award two years ago, the Argentine only managed to find the back of the net 41 times last season. Also, his club side Barcelona went trophyless. In the World Cup, Messi captained Argentina to an unlikely 2nd-placed finish and was awarded the Golden Ball Award for the best player in the tournament. He did not come into this event as the favourite, but being adjudged the best player in the world for the fifth time was certainly something that could not have been ruled out.
Backstage with #Messi at The #BallondOr. Enjoy the show everyone ! pic.twitter.com/HYYf1vsoxQ — FIFA.com (@FIFAcom) January 12, 2015
Manuel Neuer is the first goalkeeper to be in the top 3 since Gianluigi Buffon finished as the runner-up back in 2006. The only goalkeeper to ever have been voted the best player in the world was Soviet Union stopper Lev Yashin back in 1963. Neuer had a real chance coming into this one. The 28 year-old has more or less revolutionised the art of goalkeeping, employing an unorthodox style by rushing out of his area at every opportunity and acting as a sweeper of sorts. He won the Bundesliga and DFB-Pokal with Bayern Munich before starring for his national side as they convincingly won the World Cup in Brazil.
Backstage with @delpieroale & @Manuel_Neuer at The #BallondOr. Large & Little ! pic.twitter.com/TDLKABvDO3 — FIFA.com (@FIFAcom) January 12, 2015
The FIFPro Team of The Year threw up a few surprises, with the David Luiz making the cut and There wasn’t a single player from the English Premier League who made the XI.
FIFA/@FIFPro World XI: Here is the team in full, voted by players #BallondOr — FIFA.com (@FIFAcom) January 12, 2015
Luiz’s inclusion was followed by an outbreak on social media. He was often criticised for his defensive errors last year for both Chelsea, and was sold by the Blues for a bafflingly huge £50 million to Paris Saint-Germain. He was also the captain of the Brazilian side that shambolically capitulated by a 7-1 scoreline against Brazil in the World Cup semi-finals.
David Luiz in TOTY? I’d rather include Mourinho who sold him for 50m. — Rashad (@Mourinholic) January 12, 2015
David Luiz when he finds out he is in Team Of The Year… pic.twitter.com/gXQ1Fx1W5o — ChelseaTalk (@TheBlues_Talk) January 12, 2015
The Coach of The Year for Men’s Football went to German coach Joachim Loew, who beat Real Madrid’s Carlo Ancelotti and Atletico Madrid’s Diego Simeone to the award.
FIFA WORLD COACH OF THE YEAR FOR MEN’S FOOTBALL: The winner is Joachim Low #BallondOr — FIFA.com (@FIFAcom) January 12, 2015
The Puskas Award for the best goal scored in 2014 went to Columbia’s James Rodriguez for his incredible volley scored against Uruguay in the World Cup. He beat the Republic of Ireland’s Stephanie Roche and the Netherlands’ Robin Van Persie to the award.
FIFA #PUSKAS AWARD: The winner, as voted for by fans, is @JamesRodriguez #BallondOr pic.twitter.com/6jwGy2r7WQ
— FIFA.com (@FIFAcom) January 12, 2015
The Women’s Player of The Year Award went to Germany’s Nadine Kessler, who had an outstanding year with her club side Wolfsburg.
FIFA WOMEN’S WORLD PLAYER OF THE YEAR: The winner is Nadine Kessler #BallondOr — FIFA.com (@FIFAcom) January 12, 2015
With that, we come to the end of the event. The highlight of the evening, of course, was Cristiano Ronaldo winning his second consecutive Ballon d’Or. The results were decided based on votes by the captains, coaches and media representatives of all the member nations of FIFA. A list of who voted for whom can be found here. So, for another year at least, Ronaldo is undisputedly the best player in the world. At the rate he’s going this season though, a hattrick of awards may not be an impossible dream. But with the likes of Lionel Messi, Eden Hazard and Neymar all waiting in the wings, the Portuguese cannot afford to take his foot off the pedal. All in all, it promises to be an interesting 2015….go to bug id or search bugs for
New Comment:, will get fixed in 5.2.1.
This bug has been fixed in CVS.
Snapshots of the sources are packaged every three hours; this change
will be in the next snapshot. You can grab the snapshot at.
Thank you for the report, and for helping us make PHP better.The Ontario Building Code | Group F, Division 3, 1 Storey, Any Area, Low Fire Load Occupancy
3.2.2.82. Group F, Division 3, 1 Storey, Any Area, Low Fire Load Occupancy
(1) A building classified as Group F, Division 3 is permitted to conform to Sentence (2) provided it is,
(a) not more than 1 storey in building height,
(b) used solely for low fire load occupancies such as,
(i) power generating plants, or
(ii) plants for the manufacture or storage of noncombustible materials, and
(c) not limited in building area.
(2) The building referred to in Sentence (1) shall be of noncombustible construction.In May of 2018, an official press release from Hasbro was released with enormous news in the Power Rangers universe– they were purchasing both toy and entertainment rights for the franchise from Saban Entertainment in a $520 million dollar deal. Since that point, it’s been a little bit of radio silence while fans try to speculate on some things and figure out what could possibly be next in the Power Rangers pipeline:
- Will there be another movie? (Sources confirmed that yes, a Hasbro produced movie is in the pipeline. It may or may not be a sequel to the 2017 film which received mixed, if not overall negative reviews by many.)
- Will there be any original Power Rangers shows or specials that do not have a direct Sentai counterpart? Fans have expressed interest that they want to see a Shattered Grid or Soul of the Dragon interpretation possibly starring Legacy Green Ranger Jason David Frank.
- How will the Hasbro acquisition affect the integrity of the stories told in the franchise?
- And most importantly; what kind of toys are we going to get first?
For a while, it looked like there was no news coming out in regard to Hasbro’s plans for Power Rangers toys. Finally, there was a sneak peek at the first action figure in the new Power Rangers Lightening line. The first figure coming is a White Ranger action figure, which is due out Spring 2019 and will retail for $19.99.
This is definitely an improvement (financially) over the incredibly detailed Power Rangers Samurai: Shinken Red Ranger (S.H. Figuarts) Action Figure that were available at Toys R Us a few years back. While the Samurai Red Ranger and Gold Ranger toys were immaculate and ultra detailed, they were imported from Japan and had nearly a $70 price tag at the time. Now, the figure is priced somewhere in the $40 range, which is nice, although no collector wants to see the price of their beloved item depreciating. Thus in regard to the Hasbro Lightening Collection, It’s amazing that Power Rangers toy collectors will be able to buy detailed, high quality figures for an affordable price for the first time.
Let’s admit it– those 90s action figures, while bright, colorful, fun kids toys through and through don’t quite cut it for many adult collectors unless you’re after all vintage items or have a nostalgic fondness for the figurines themselves. That’s what makes collections so unique and special.
The other Power Rangers action figures slated for Hasbro’s first run (and presumed by Power Rangers Now to be part of the Lightening Collection, though this is unconfirmed) include the following figures:
Mighty Morphin Pink Ranger/Mighty Morphin White Ranger/Lost Galaxy Magna Defender/S.P.D. Shadow Ranger/Dino Charge Red Ranger/Beast Morphers Red Ranger/Beast Morphers Gold Ranger/Lord Zedd.
And while it’s nice for fans to have upcoming items to be excited by, we can’t help but feel that there is somewhat of a missed opportunity occurring. Ultimately, Power Rangers toys can be split up into three categories:
- Character/Ranger Action Figures
- Props
- Megazords
So, with zero announcements of Megazords from Hasbro, which we feel is the most important part of the series, it got me thinking about the next run of toys coming from Hasbro we hope to see next. Today on Toy Wizards, we’re counting down the Top 5 Power Rangers Toys we hope to see next from Hasbro!
5) Power Rangers Beast Morpher Toys
It goes without saying that when Power Rangers Beast Morphers debuts on Nickelodeon in February, we’re stoked to see new toys based on it landing in stores. From that awesome Megazord, to action figures of the three Rangers, or props of their weapons, we want the stores infiltrated with contemporary items based on the newest series of Power Rangers. And that robot is particularly attractive. Hopefully Hasbro will make a nice quality version of it that doesn’t mirror the treatment of the American Ninja Steel or Megaforce Megazords which were badly designed and made of cheap plastics and harsh colors.
4) Legacy Megazords (In a variety of sizes)
Back in 2010 or so, Toys R Us released a line of about ten old school Megazords in the six-inch range. They are absolutely stunning and gorgeous and were all in the $10 range.
If Hasbro could release a new version of these toys, it would make a multitude of robot lovers very, very happy.
3) Proplicas
From power coins to ninja swords, to the Dino Thunder wrist gauntlet (complete with Morphin’ key), any toy that can be used as a prop for imaginative play would be fantastic. Currently, there are some scraps left in the graveyard of the Saban toy era that completely miss the mark. There are some Ninja Steel masks and a few trinkets, but Hasbro might benefit from making full on prop playsets. Collectible and high quality (like the Legacy reissue Dragon Dagger) or something scaled down for children to play with, one of the most fun things about Power Rangers is striking that Ranger Pose and holding your weapon high.
2) Legacy Villains and Monsters of the Day
In a world of a million Power Rangers seasons and countless Monsters of the Day, it’s a tall order to expect toys of all of them. But why not on some of them? Currently, in this world of Nostalgia, there’s such a focus on the Mighty Morphin’ Power Rangers season. We’re still getting Rita Repulsa toys, Lord Zedd figures, and even some of Goldar. And while this makes me very happy because I love Zedd and Goldar, there are so many more villains and baddies that would make excellent toys. In fact, past Power Rangers toy lines had more bad guys on the shelves. If Hasbro made an effort to get some of these dudes from other seasons out, I have trouble believing they wouldn’t be well received.
Because come on– these bad guys in their GWAR costumes belong on our shelves!
1) Stylized SD Toys
Between the Funko HeroWorld line and Imaginext’s collection for young kids, there’s definitely a market for well-made Power Rangers toys that stray from the staunch aesthetic of the show. Personally, Funko Pops don’t do anything for me and I haven’t collected any of them. But clearly, they have their market.
I’m always saying that Transformers fans are so lucky because there are so many different styles of toys. There are expensive toys, budget toys, robots you see at the super market and pharmacy, and ones you see at collector’s shows. If Power Rangers toys were given the Transformers treatment, I think it would be really exciting. Besides, can you imagine going to Walgreens to pick up some probiotics, meandering into the toy aisle, and bam, right there is a cute, chunky Lost Galaxy Megazord in the $5 range, begging for you to take him home?
Together we can indeed believe in a brighter future.
Follow Toy Wizards on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram!Join the Unreal Engine simulation team at I/ITSEC 2021
The move from initial ideas to substantive integration has been especially felt in the simulation domain, where companies both big and small are using Unreal Engine to help the community accelerate application developments in three main areas: content creation, communications, and deployment.
In fact, over 30 exhibitors are showing off their latest simulation applications—all driven by Unreal Engine—at I/ITSEC 2021. And while they all have something different about them, each one is built on the idea that developers can do a lot more if their tools allow them to blend real-time, realism, and accuracy all at once.
Epic Games staff members will be on-site, walking the show floor. If you’d like to schedule a meeting or see some of our favorite simulation applications with us, we’d love to be your guide.
The ‘Next Big Thing’
We are also looking forward to I/ITSEC’s new industry series, The Next Big Thing. Our own Nathan Thomas will be on the XR panel, offering insights into how this rapidly evolving technology could help increase human performance. We hope to see you there!
Read more here: Source linkWith Opal Innocence Scroll, Lenox has taken this popular pattern in an elegant and graceful new direction. Shimmering white mica emphasizes the delicate beauty of the scroll motif while platinum bands and enamel accents add a touch of luxury.
- Dining
- Dinnerware
- Dinnerware Collections
- Lenox® Opal Innocence™ Scroll Dinnerware CollectionSince the 90s, many who support organic growing, especially the green community, have shown an aggressive front against Neonicotinoids. For those who are unfamiliar with what they are, they are a class of neuro-active insecticides chemically similar to nicotine. Though arguments against Neonicotinoids have been on-going for the past two decades, the green community has shown more action against them over the last couple of years, especially with numerous tests conducted on them. For starters, Neonicotinoids have been blamed for the population decline of honeybees and birds. This is extremely bad because it is through honeybees and birds, specifically through their cross-pollination, that the United States grows a third of its crops. Because of this, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued a moratorium on Neonicotinoids.
Aldi, the grocery chain now making an impact in the United States for its cheap prices, announced this year it will remove eight pesticides from all of its U.S. stores, as reported by Minds. The eight pesticides are Thiamethoxam, Chlorphyrifos, Clothianidin, Cypermethrin, Deltamethrin, Fipronil, Imidacloprid, and Sulfoxaflor. Some of these pesticides are classified as Neonicotinoids. Nevertheless, the fact they are banning them is very important because they are technically the first major grocery store based out of Europe to ban them.
However, the banning of the aforementioned pesticides is just the first step for Aldi. According to Complete Health & Happiness, Aldi is making the necessary moves to become one of the biggest, if not the biggest, organic grocery stores in the world. Below is a detailed list of what Aldi is going to do to achieve their goals too.
Ultimately, if Aldi continues to cater to the green community, they may one day surpass Whole Foods. It may even happen faster if Whole Foods happens to undercut their demographic which includes numerous instances of mislabeling of organic products to non-organic products.
[Photo by Ralph Orlowski/Getty Images]Official ZPE/YASS documentationrun_command
run_command (string command) ⇒ mixed
Runs a single command from a string such as a mathematical expression and returns the return value from
it. This allows on-the-fly interpreting. It can be used to return the value of a mathematical term such
as:
run_command("5 + 5").
First available: Version 1.3.5.62
Notes
Be careful with the
run_command function!
This function has direct access to any other command within ZPE and whilst it does run within it's own ZPE instance within the same permission level as the parent process, it should be used with caution.
This function cannot access variables defined within any program other than within it's own runtime.
The
run_command function always wraps any code in a return.
There are no comments on this page.Popular holiday destinations have been removed from the UK Government's approved-list this month.
This includes travel to mainland Spain and Portugal, which the Foreign Office is now warning against.
The move comes amid concerns over spikes in the transmission of coronavirus elsewhere in Europe.
It means visitors will struggle to access travel insurance for their summer holidays and they'll be subject to quarantine rules - therefore expected to self-isolate for 14 days upon returning to the UK.
Similar restrictions apply to holidaymakers upon arrival Cyprus, after the UK was declared a risk country.
So what's the latest from the major airlines on such flights? Here's everything we know so far.
easyJet
Many flights to Portugal are still going ahead by this airline, as revealed on its official website.
This includes from the likes of Liverpool Airport - with flights still available even this week.
And easyJet are continuing with their scheduled flights to Spain, though package holidays are suspended.
As revealed by the Liverpool Echo, the budget airline has explained that whilst flights will go ahead - customers still have the opportunity to change their booking if they no longer wish to travel.
In a statement, easyJet said: "We understand that customers may wish to change their travel plans."
Customers who are set to fly within 14 days can transfer their flights without a change fee online.
The airline advised passengers call its contact centre if they would prefer to receive a voucher instead.
Normal terms and conditions apply for flights outside of 14 days - though change fees have been waived.
Additionally, easyJet has not cancelled travel to Cyprus despite restrictions on the European island.
Jet2
Jet2 confirmed recently that it had temporarily suspended holidays to mainland Portugal.
This will particularly affect flights to Faro (Algarve), with cancellations in place up to August 17.
The news comes after the airline similarly suspended travel to mainland Spain in recent weeks.
Flights and holidays to the country have been cancelled until at least August 17 - including to destinations such as Malaga, Alicante and Costa de Almeria.
And according to the Independent, suspended flights include those returning to the UK - which had initially been unaffected in an attempt to bring holidaymakers home.
The airline however will contact any affected passengers and offer alternative flight arrangements.
Jet2 has also cancelled its flights to Larnaca and Paphos in Cyprus for the next week or so.
The airline said that flights should resume to these destinations from August 17 - though this is dependent on Cypriot authorities reviewing its entry criteria.
It confirmed that those affected will be offered the option to rebook with no admin fee, a refund credit or a full cash refund.
Ryanair
The budget airline is yet to cancel its flights to mainland Portugal, with many still scheduled.
This includes flights from Manchester Airport that are available throughout August from £16.99.
And Ryanair confirmed last week that it doesn't expect to cancel any flights to Spain this month either.
In an interview with BBC's Today programme, its chief financial officer said "schedules remain in place."
Neil Sorahan added that the airline "continues to operate in and out of Spain as normal," but said that the entire schedule would be kept "under consideration."
And similarly to competitor easyJet, Ryanair has yet to cancel its flights to Cyprus this month.
TUI
It was revealed earlier this week that TUI has cancelled flights to Portugal until August 17 at the earliest.
The airline acknowledged travel "uncertainty" and said it would "review" its schedule as advice changes.
TUI has also extended its cancellations to mainland Spain until August 17, amid ongoing FCO warnings.
It's programme to the Balearic Islands and Canary Islands however is set to resume from August 11.
The tour operator said that customers with flights this month to Portugal, mainland Spain or its islands can amend their booking and receive an an incentive to rebook - or cancel and receive a full refund.
And TUI has also suspended flights to Cyprus, though promised these will "start again soon."
According to its website, flights from Manchester Airport to Paphos will resume on August 15.Minto Heritage Plaque: Palmerston Railway Walking Bridge
In 1871, the grand Western Railway line through Palmerston was completed. As the mid-point between Lake Huron, Owen Sound and southern Ontario. Palmerston was an important railway hub where the Grand trunk, Great Western, Stratford & Huron, and Wellington Grey & Bruce railways converged. In 1885, the Grand Trunk incorporated these lines and made significant improvements that by 1903 included a twenty three acre rail yard, twelve tracks, repair shop roundhouse, and turntable..
Erected in 2003 by the Town of Minto heritage Association with the assistance of the Ontario Heritage Foundation.Top Ten Tuesday is a weekly meme hosted by The Broke and the Bookish!
This week’s theme is bookish resolutions for the new year, so I decided to do books I resolve to read in 2016! Now there are a TON of eligible candidates for this list but I just kind of selected a few I think I actually WILL get around to reading this year.
Also this list won’t contain any of the books that are already on my January TBR since you know…I’m planning on reading them this month. If you want to check that list of books out the click here.
10.) In The Shadow of Blackbirds by Cat Winters
I’ve been meaning to read another Cat Winters for a while now and this one seems to be a favorite. I really enjoyed Cat’s other book (not yet released) “The Steep & Thorny Way”, she does such an excellent job at immersing you in the time period. She does historical fiction in a way that I really like, she mixes it with supernatural elements which for me is a huge plus.
9.) The Child Thief by Brom
So I’ve had this on my Kindle for a few months now and I’m sad I haven’t read it yet. It seems to get a lot of love from people and I’m a sucker for Peter Pan AND dark retellings. This has both. So really the only thing that’s holding me back is an already full reading schedule, hopefully this one will get worked into it this year.
8.) Falling Kingdoms by Morgan Rhodes
I bought this book I don’t know how long ago, it’s been sitting on my shelf forever. It’s advertised as being a YA version of Game of Thrones pretty much, so I’ll have to like it…I think. So since there’s a lack of “Winds of Winter” this year I’ll have to improvise.
7.) The Immortal Rules by Julie Kagawa
Nope, I haven’t read any Julie Kagawa. I need to change that. I’ve heard nothing but good things about this series specifically and I’m really looking forward to reading some of this author’s work. Plus I like some good vampire fiction every now and then. I’ve got some high expectations for this book so I’m hoping it delivers.
6.) Magnus Chase & The Gods of Asgard: The Sword of Summer by Rick Riordan
I don’t think I’m the only one who absolutely WORSHIPS Rick Riordan and his Percy Jackson series. I also really love Norse Mythology (I am Norwegian after all). So reading this book is one of my top priorities this year, I’m sure once I start I’ll just devour it.
5.) Illuminae by Jay Kristoff and Amie Kaufman
I may or may not be the last person on Earth to read this….There was a HUGE amount of hype around this book and everyone seems to love it. Also I don’t have enough sci-fi in my life. The formatting (and cover) for this book is super unique and I can’t wait to finally read it. I refuse to have a 600 page book sit on my shelf unread. It makes me feel really lazy….
4.) An Ember in the Ashes by Sabaa Tahir
I’m late to the show on this book, I really love the cover and wanted to buy my own copy…..
My library has a copy so when I get time to read it I can! I kind of feel like people have mixed feelings on this book but I’m hoping it’ll be worth my time. Especially since the sequel will be coming out this half of 2016.
3.) The Young Elites by Marie Lu
I wasn’t exactly a big fan of Marie Lu’s “Legend” but this seems to be more of a fantasy book and I love fantasy. I have my own copy of this book in the hopes that I’ll enjoy this one, plus “The Rose Society” already came out…..
2.) The Monstrumologist Series 2-4 by Rick Yancey
I’ve already read the first one (review will be up soon) and I definitely need to finish the other 3 books in the series. That is all.
1.) The Mistborn Series by Brandon Sanderson
Do I even really need to explain this one? I haven’t read Brandon Sanderson before (shame on me) and I’m definitely needing to get my hands on these books specifically.
So this whole post is basically a semi-tiny TBR plan for 2016. I’m really, really hoping I can get to this books but with new books coming out all the time who knows? Plans change and I’m a terrible mood reader….
Have you read any of these books? Are any of them on your 2016 TBR as well? Let me know in the comments!
I haven’t got to Illuminae either, if that makes you feel better! I’ve got it on hold at the library because I want to read it in print form. I’m eighth in line and there are four copies, so hopefully it won’t take too long. I should also get around to Ember in the Ashes this year.
LikeLiked by 1 person
It does make me feel better actually, haha! I’m going to read it in print as well because I didn’t think an e-book would do its unique formatting any justice. 🙂
There are so many books here that I want to read as well! 😀 I especially want to read The Young Elites, because I enjoyed the Legend trilogy and this one sounds like something I would like even more. I honestly have no idea why I haven’t picked it up yet.
LikeLiked by 1 person
So many books in the world and not enough time to read them all! haha. Not to mention all of the ones I can’t believe I haven’t read yet as you said. 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
Falling Kingdoms and An Ember in the Ashes are the books I need to read! They are books that everyone loves as well, I feel like I’m missing out on something good.
LikeLiked by 1 person
I have the same feeling, hopefully we both read them and are in on something good instead of missing out, haha 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
I’m currently reading Falling Kingdoms and it’s mmkk so far. But you must read An Ember in the Ashes, I loved it! And the Rose Society was pretty good, better then Legends. 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
Yeah Falling Kingdoms isn’t high up on that TBR right now, but An Ember in the Ashes is I just can’t believe I haven’t had time to read that one yet. I’m glad you think the Young Elites series is better than Legend though since I didn’t really love that one! 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
We’ve got a lot of the same books!
I’m new to the book blogging community and I’ve done a list of my own, check it out please?
LikeLiked by 1 person
I’m still fairly new as well so I understand, I’d love to go check it out! 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you so much! We really appreciate it.
LikeLiked by 1 person
This is a fantastic selection of books! 😀 I need to read a number of these myself this year, especially The Sword of Summer (can’t believe I haven’t gotten to this one yet!), The Child Thief, The Young Elites, and I HAVE to start the Mistborn series!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Oh I know! It doesn’t help that new books come out all the time. I wish I could lock myself up with no responsibilities other than to read, haha. I have yet to buy the Mistborn books but they’re pretty high up on my TBR so hopefully! 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
My friend said Monstrumologist is super good but I haven’t read it yet! I need to read more Marie Lu especially after I read Warcross!
LikeLiked by 1 personOn-the-Ground Partners
On-the-Ground Partners
At IRF, we believe that local, on-the-ground organizations are the best and most knowledgeable stewards of rhinos and their habitats. We work closely with like-minded conservation organizations in each of our range countries to operate our rhino conservation programs. Our local partners and staff in India, Indonesia and Africa have the technical expertise, local knowledge and relationships to achieve lasting conservation results. And, by investing in our on-the-ground partners, IRF is able to keep its overhead costs low and ensure that the majority of our funding – more than 84% — goes directly to field programs where it can be most effectively used to protect endangered rhinos.
Our local partners are saving rhinos every day! Learn more about on-the-ground partners below, or contact IRF to find out more.Posted: Saturday, October 8, 2016. 7:13 pm CST.
By BBN Staff: The 24 hour forecast is for sunny skies with a few cloudy spells today and partly cloudy tonight.
Showers or thunderstorms will be generally isolated across the country, except in the south where a few more showers or thunderstorms are likely to occur.
The wind will blow from the east to northeast at 5 to 10 knots.
Sea state will be light chop.
High temperatures are expected as follows: In the coast, 88 degrees Fahrenheit; 93 degrees Fahrenheit inland and 81 degrees Fahrenheit in the hills.
Low temperatures for tonight in the coast are expected at 78 degrees Fahrenheit, inland at 72 degrees Fahrenheit and in the hills, 67 degrees Fahrenheit.
The extended forecast for Sunday and Sunday night is for mainly fair weather with showers or thunderstorms remaining generally.Excess Flow Valve Policy
An excess flow valve (EFV) is a mechanical safety device installed in a natural gas distribution line between the street and the residual meter. If there is a significant increase in the flow of gas (e.g., due to a damaged line), the EFV will “trip” or close to minimize the flow of gas through the line and thus, the amount of gas escaping into the atmosphere. During normal use, the valve is kept pushed open against oncoming gas flow by a spring. EFV’s are designed so that general usage such as turning on appliances, will not shut the valve. However, during a significant increase in flow of gas (e.g., due to a damaged line), the spring cannot overcome the force of the gas, and the valve will close and stay closed until the correct pressure is restored. When the correct pressure is restored, the EFV automatically resets itself.
EFV’s are placed in the service line outside the residence and are only for damage to outside lines. Damage or leaks on internal piping will most likely not have enough flow to “trip” or close the EFV.
The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) has amended regulation 49 CFR Part 192 that gives every residential customer the right to request the installation of an EFV on their natural gas service line. Pursuant to LCUB board policy the EFV will be placed in the residential natural gas service line at the prevailing rate and at the customer’s expense. Rates for EFV installation are currently:
$226.33 FOR PE LINE INSTALL
$454.46 FOR STEEL LINE INSTALL
Customers interested in having an EFV placed on their natural gas service line may call LCUB for more information at 1-844-Our-LCUB (1-844-687-5282).3 Apartments For Sale In 06400 Cannes, Alpes Maritimes, Provence-alpes-cote D'azur, France France
€1,595,000
Property featuresEmail AgentEmail Agent
- 3 bedrooms
- 2 bathrooms
- Balcony
- Coastal
- Parking
- Restored
- Terrace
- Town/City
- Sea View
Property descriptionThis 3 bedroom apartment is located in a good standing residence on La Croisette, walking distance to the beaches and all amenities. The property offers a nice view of the sea and the port of Cannes. recently renovated with beautiful contemporary fittings and offers a beautiful living room/kitchen area opening onto the south-facing terrace as well as a cellar and collective parking in the residence.
Please note that the map location is approximate and may be to the nearest town or village centre.
06400 Cannes, Alpes Maritimes, Provence-Alpes-Cote d'Azur, France, Cannes, Alpes-Maritimes: Cannes, France
Fill out the form below to contact the agent for any further information you may needEnjoy a relaxing time at sea, a trip along the coast sunbathing, stopping to swim wherever you choose. Savouring delicious food on a luxury yacht or, if you choose, visiting the famous beach bars aboard your own yacht with the crew at your disposal.
Take in the views of Marbella and Puerto Banus from the sea from the deck of your own yacht.
You may charter a yacht for half a day (4 hours), a day (8 hours) or for several days.
In the 4 hours charters we normally sail around Marbella Bay, departing from Puerto Banus we start cruising eastwards along the coast, sailing by the golden mile, Marbella City and heading towards Cabo Pino, so you get to know all the coast line around Marbella, along the way you could stop if you like to swim and relax. After you can also sail to look for dolphins we spot them an average of 65% of the times and then we will cruise back to port.
In the 8 hours trip we normally recommend to cruise towards Gibraltar, that gives you the chance to know all the southwest side of Costa del Sol, see the Rock of Gibraltar,The Strait and Africa in front. You can stop in one of the marinas along the way and have lunch there. Also there are good chances on this route to find dolphins , you may as well stop in different places to swim and relax along the way.
If you would like to charter a yacht for several days we can suggest different options for you to enjoy and get to know the best places in the area while you are on board according to your preferences.Cloth Cutting Machines from Braithwaite
Made in Japan £1200 +VAT
The machine has been specially designed for users who are cutting small lays of up-to 110mm in depth.
It features a shorter than normal knife stroke which operates much better on small lays and reduces the cutting warp which is associated with bigger machines.
The KM EU is manufactured & assembled in Japan. It is built to last & with correct use and care it will give you years of service.
Also available KM KS-AUV full sized model & KM KRA round knife modelGolf Courses and Sports Fields
Grounds managers, groundsmen and greenkeepers across the UK are increasingly turning to compost as a practical, sustainable and cost-effective solution for all kinds of turfcare and landscaping needs.
Compost can be used in a variety of situations including sports grounds, athletics fields and golf courses for a number of ground care applications including turf establishment, topdressing and divot repair.
Heritage Products can supply quality compost, Rootzones and divot mixes for golf courses and sports fields.
Contact us now with your bulk compost requirements and one of our team will get right back to you.
There are many benefits associated with using compost for turfcare:
- Reduced need for inorganic fertilizers - compost contains slow release nitrogen and many other key nutrients, including potassium and phosphorous
- Faster turf development - without leading to excessive growth
- Improved turf density and color - encouraged by slow release nitrogen, iron and magnesium
- Improved soil drainage
- Increased water holding capacity - leading to cost and labor savings related to irrigation
- Reduced nutrient leaching - unlike sand-based dressings, compost can retain nutrients and make them available to the turf for a longer period. Grass, therefore, remains green without excessive growth, or increased mowing frequency
- Reduced soil compaction - compost helps to improve the structure of soil
- Plant disease suppression - compost contains beneficial micro-organisms which can suppress many turf grass diseases including Fusarium patch (Microdochium nivale), red thread (Laetisaria fuciformis), and brown patch (Rhizoctonia solani), particularly when applied as a top dressing or a root zone amendment
Contact us now with your bulk compost requirements and one of our team will get right back to you."Lovecraft Country" Is the Jordan Peele and J.J. Abrams Collab You Didn't Know You Needed
The first teaser for the HBO series is out now
Jordan Peele has made a name for himself for telling the story of the black experience in America with the atmosphere of tragicomic psychological horror it deserves.
But if there's one thing that movies like Us and Get Out lack, it's the incursion of eldritch horrors from realms beyond our perception. That's where J.J. Abrams of Lost and Cloverfield can help out with Peele's new project for HBO, Lovecraft Country. Based on Matt Ruff's 2017 novel of the same name, Lovecraft Country tells the story of Atticus Black, a young black man living in the Jim Crow 1950s, who needs to travel to a dangerous region of America—the titular Lovecraft Country—to track down his missing father.
Lovecraft Country: Official Trailer | HBO
For anyone familiar with The Negro Motorist Green-Book, the idea that there could be an entire region of the US that is dangerous to the point of being off-limits to casual travel makes perfect sense, but as the name implies, Lovecraft Country has more than just violent bigots to contend with (though the trailer makes it clear that there are plenty of those too). In his search for his father, Atticus will have to face down otherworldly monsters, possessions, demonic cults, and who knows what else—all while surviving a road trip through segregation era America as a black man.
The blend of horror-fantasy with historical drama looks like a promising mix, and viewers familiar with author H.P. Lovecraft's (disgusting) views on race should appreciate his name being appropriated for this project. Lovecraft Country will star Jonathan Majors as Atticus Black, Jurnee Smollett-Bell as his friend "Leti" Dandridge, Michael K. Williams as his father Montrose Freeman, and Courtney B. Vance as his uncle George Black, with Misha Green of Underground and Sons of Anarchy as the head writer and executive producer. The series is set to premiere on HBO in August.
- HBO's Lovecraft Country and the Necronomicon - Popdust ›
- HBO's Lovecraft Country and the Necronomicon - Popdust ›One day after the Dodgers fell two games behind in the National League Championship Series against the Philadelphia Phillies, much of the postmortem of Game 2, at least from the Dodgers’ perspective, was on the different approach taken by the twostarting pitchers.
The Phillies’ Brett Myers was aggressive – some would say overly so – knocking down Russell Martin with one pitch and throwing another behind the head of Manny Ramirez before later claiming those pitches simply got away from him because couldn’t get a good grip on the ball.
The Dodgers’ Chad Billingsley, who gave up eight runs and couldn’t get out of the third inning, admitted after the game he hadn’t pitched inside enough.
Whether Myers’ excuse about his inability to grip the ball held water, the fact there was never any retaliation for those inside pitches didn’t sit well with everyone on the Dodgers’ side of the field.
“Put it this way, when I played, it would have been taken care of right away,” Dodgers third-base coach Larry Bowa said after Friday’s workout at Dodger Stadium. “That is how I will answer that. And it would have hurt.”
Dodgers first-base coach Mariano Duncan actually mentioned to first-base umpire Mike Everitt on his way off the field after that first inning Myers’ pitches to Martin and Ramirez were questionable.
Myers, who overheard the conversation, then told Duncan about the grip problem.
At any rate, Billingsley’s failure to respond with a few brushbacks of his own was curious, and might or might not have been a topic broached during a closed- door meeting between the pitcher and manager Joe Torre before the workout.
“I just told him to learn from (the bad outing),” Torre said. “It’s like anything else. You can’t become good unless you understand that instead of dwelling on yesterday, you learn from yesterday. You would love to change it, but you can’t, so learn from it and move on.”
Torre didn’t specifically address Billingsley’s failure to respond to Myers’ chin music, primarily because he wasn’t asked about it.
But he did speak to the Dodgers’ overall approach, which seemed to suggest that if Myers was trying to establish something, he succeeded.
“I thought we were a little on our heels the first three innings,” Torre said.
Starter announced
Veteran right-hander and Game 1 starter Derek Lowe will be brought back on three days’ rest to start Game 4 Monday night, putting him in line to start a potential Game7 in Philadelphia on Saturday. That means rookie lefty Clayton Kershaw and future Hall of Famer Greg Maddux, the other candidates to start Game 4, will remain in the bullpen for the remainder of this series.
The move also means Lowe, who is 5-5 with a 2.17 ERA for his career in the postseason, will make three starts in this series. Finally, it means Billingsley will pitch Game 5 on his normal rest, so he doesn’t have to wait an extra day to try to erase the bitter aftertaste of what happened on Friday at Citizens Bank Park.
Torre said recently that his history with bringing starting pitchers back on short rest hasn’t been good. But in announcing that Lowe will start Game 4 after Hiroki Kuroda starts Game 3 tonight, Torre pointed out that Lowe, as a sinkerball pitcher, is a better candidate than a lot of other pitchers.
“I think if you do it with someone, it’s someone who doesn’t rely on velocity,” Torre said. “A lot of this was based on experience. He has done pretty well on three days’ rest.”
Coaching changes
The Dodgers have decided not to renew the contracts of three of their minor-league coaches. They include Garey Ingram, the hitting coach for low Single-A Great Lakes; Craig Bjornson, the pitching coach for Rookie-level Ogden; and Kenny Dominguez, the hitting coach for the club’s Gulf Coast League affiliate in Vero Beach, Fla., which will be moving next season to the Arizona Rookie League.
Roving minor-league pitching coordinator Marty Reed already had been told twomonths ago his contract won’t be renewed.
De Jon Watson, the Dodgers’ assistant general manager for player development, denied that the moves signify any dramatic change in organizational philosophy.
“Those guys were good guys, and they worked hard,” Watson said. “I want guys who can help us prepare these kids, get us farther along, get us as much information as they possibly can and help us make progress.”
There is an unspoken sense within the organization that there needs to be a stronger emphasis throughout the club’s minor-league system on intangibles such as toughness, professionalism and dedication. But it isn’t clear whether the coaching changes had anything to do with that feeling.
“We thank everybody for all their time, effort and talent,” Dodgers general manager Ned Colletti said. “At this time of year, there are a lot of different moves being made in the industry for various reasons.”
Also …
Nomar Garciaparra is expected to make his first start of this postseason in Game 3 at either first or third base because he is batting .417lifetime (15 for 36) against Phillies starter Jamie Moyer. Torre seemed to say he was leaning toward first base because it would be less taxing on Garciaparra’s body. That also would allow Torre to rest James Loney against Moyer, a lefty. Loney batted just .249 against lefties during the regular season. …
Takashi Saito, who was left off the roster for this series, will remain with the club and pitch a simulated game instead of going to the Arizona Instructional League and pitching in an actual game. Torre said it hasn’t been decided which day Saito will throw. …
Dodgers assistant general manager Kim Ng, one of several candidates to fill Seattle’s general-manager vacancy, interviewed with the Mariners on Thursday. Ng, who also interviewed for the Dodgers job in November 2005, is believed to be the only female ever to be interviewed for a GM post with a major-league club.Staying safe
What if I have to move out because of violence or abuse?13,186
What if I need a court order quickly to deal with an abusive partner?8,808
How can I keep my abusive partner away from me after I leave?22,334
What if I’m worried about my child’s safety when they’re with my partner?18,999
Where can I find legal support if I have experienced partner abuse?13,523Canon MAXIFY iB4000 Driver
This time we will discuss canon’s Maxify printer series, which is phenomenal. Suppose you are looking for a printer for your business needs. We highly recommend that you use Canon MAXIFY iB4000 as your printer. In that case, this printer has some excellent and quality functions with the support of some great features available on this printer we are very sure you will easily be able to use it.
Specifications :
Canon iB4000 printers also have excellent print speeds with print speed support that reaches around 20 ppm for mono and colour printing. The print resolution that you will get on this printer can also reach around 600 x 1200 dpi. For scan results, this printer also has excellent scan capabilities with scan resolution support that comes around 600 dpi, and you can also use Canon MAXIFY iB4020 as another alternative. We also provide a download link for Canon MAXIFY iB4000 driver that connect directly to canon’s official website.
Link Canon MAXIFY iB4000 Driver :
Compatible Operating Systems :
Canon iB4000 can also be used on Windows and macOS operating systems. For Windows users, you can use it on Windows 7, Windows 8.1, Windows 10, Windows Vista, Windows XP. Users can also do printing using mobile devices with the available features Apple AirPrint, Google Cloud Print and MAXIFY Cloud Link..
Now,.
.
The new technique is described in a paper that will be published in the journal Science on July 18. Other authors on this paper include Hansuek Lee, who is a visiting associate at Caltech..
OPPO announces India’s first Live sale with Reno6 5G
OPPO announces India’s first Live sale with Reno6 5G. OPPO, the leading global smart device brand, announces India’s first-ever Live Sale for the newly launched Reno6 5G – the ultimate all-rounder smartphone. The hour-long live sale will be held on July 27, & 28th 2021 at 12 PM and 6 PM on both days benefiting customers to buy this performance powerhouse. Also, join the live streaming for endless entertainment and a golden chance to win all new OPPO Reno6 5G.
Customers who purchase the Reno6 5G during the live sale and win 1000 Flipkart Super coins and some exciting gifts throughout these 60 minutes. OPPO is also offering an exclusive live sale offer where you can pick the Reno6 5G with Instant Bank Discount Offers with selected banks and save up to INR 3000.
Be a part of all the fun and exciting conversations during this live streaming with Gadget Guru Rajiv Makhni, Stand-up comedian Kenny Sebastian and VJ, Model, Actor Shibani Dandekar and win some exciting gifts as you watch the live sale. Furthermore, follow OPPO social media platforms and answer a simple question as by watching the video and stand a chance to win the Reno6 5G.
27th July – | 28th July –
Strengthening the first and exclusivity quotient, OPPO Reno6 5G is India’s first smartphone with MediaTek Dimensity 900 chipset with industry-first Bokeh Flare Portrait Video feature and Reno Glow design appeal. The Reno6 5G boasts a 4300 mAh battery, 8GB + 128GB(RAM+ROM) with features like 65W SuperVOOC flash charging, ColorOS 11.3, a slim design amongst others will empower consumers to experience the best.
The Reno6 5G boasts a 4300 mAh battery, 8GB + 128GB (RAM+ROM) with sterling features that include 65W SuperVOOC flash charging, ColorOS 11.3, and a stunning slim design that is 7.59mm thin and weighs just 182g.
The OPPO Reno6 5G—available in two dazzling colors, Aurora and Stellar Black—features a mighty AI 64MP triple-camera setup on the rear and a 32MP front camera. Additionally, the devices have a dedicated temperature sensor that captures colors more accurately. Based on this powerful hardware and software foundation, Reno6 5G has a series of AI-enhanced portrait video functions, delivering videos that are of professional quality. It also delivers a professional-grade video experience to provide cinematic bokeh flare effects in portraits.
Priced at INR 29,990, the all-new Reno6 5G is now available at INR 26,990 just for today as part of instant bank discounts. You can also get OPPO Enco X blue hybrid active noise cancellation earphones for up to INR 1000 off on Flipkart.Lion King 2019 Photo Includes Human Cast – Except James Earl Jones
The Lion King gets a new promo image putting the spotlight on the film’s human voice cast, except for James Earl Jones. Disney continues to modernize their classics this year, following May’s Aladdin from Guy Ritchie with the fan-favorite 1994 animated movie. Directed by The Jungle Book helmer, Jon Favreau, The Lion King boasts a star-studded voice cast, who all gathered together – outside of Jones – for an epic ensemble photo.
With less than two weeks to go before The Lion King, Disney is ramping up its marketing machine to promote the project. A slew of TV spots and new character posters have been rolling out the last few days in an effort to entice people to catch the flick once it debuts. An assortment of short promo clips have given the public snippets of the iconic songs that will be featured in the film, including “Can You Feel the Love Tonight” and “Hakuna Matata.” And while a recently released behind-the-scenes video features the cast on the job, the latest marketing material for the movie is the first time fans can see all of them together in one frame.
In the new Lion King cast image are). Jones is notably absent from the image, and fans would’ve loved to see him alongside the rest of the cast. Also absent is John Kani, who voices Rafiki. Nevertheless, this new photo will undoubtedly still hype fans up as it highlights the sheer number of talented individuals involved in the movie. Check it out below:
The contemporary adaptation of the beloved Disney classic will run 118 minutes, 29 minutes longer than the original version, backing up claims that it won’t be a shot-for-shot remake. So far, marketing has only revealed familiar scenes from the animated film. Meanwhile, the press release that came with the aforementioned photo says that “staying true to the classic story, Favreau utilizes pioneering filmmaking techniques to bring the iconic characters to the big screen in a whole new way.” This gives nothing away when it comes to how this upcoming iteration of The Lion King differs from its predecessor, and considering the additional runtime, that means that there’s a considerable amount of new footage that could drastically change the way people look at the narrative – for better or worse.
This latest The Lion King cast image may not feature Jones, but it’s not alone in that department. The featurette revealed him back in the recording booth to reprise the role, but other than that, he’s been largely absent from the marketing. That being said, his presence looms all over the film. As the only voice cast member to return for Favreau’s adaptation from the 1994 movie, hearing him as Mufasa again in trailers and TV spots effectively brings fans back to the first time they watched the Disney classic.
More: All The Live-Action Disney Remakes In Development
Source: Disney
-...“GREAT.
The earliest stars in the universe were composed of the lightest and simplest elements, atoms of hydrogen (about 90 percent) and helium (about 10 percent). As gravitational forces began heating up, proto-stars formed. Then when temperatures reached 10 million degrees Kelvin or more, nuclear reactions started, converting hydrogen into helium by fusion and creating huge amounts of energy.
Stars range in size from about 1/100 the size of our sun (our sun is just an average-sized star) to supergiants 400 times the size of our sun. If the planet Jupiter were about ten times larger, it would have a large enough mass to ignite and become a star. The larger the star, the shorter its life (we will discuss this further in the next event). All stars start by maintaining a balance between gravity (which tries to compress the star into a smaller and smaller size) and the outward forces of nuclear energy (which try to push the star apart).
Towards the end of a typical star’s life, a range of heavier, more complex elements are forged in the star by helium fusion, including carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, silicon, calcium, and iron (this is discussed in Event 3). Such elements would later become some of the major building blocks of the earth and of life.
Today it is believed that there are about 100 billion stars in a typical galaxy, and 100 billion galaxies in the universe. This means that there are an astonishing 10,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 (ten sextillion!) stars in our universe.
HOW DO WE KNOW?
A telescope is, in effect, a time machine. The further away a star is from us, the older it is, and the longer it has taken its light to reach us. (Even the light of our own sun takes eight minutes to reach us). With ever more sophisticated telescopes, we can now see light from stars at the edge of the observable universe. These stars formed about 13 billion years ago, not very long after the Big Bang. By examining the spectrum of light emitted by stars, it is possible to tell what elements are present.
WHY SHOULD I CARE?
The processes that created stars also ultimately created our own star, the sun. Every atom in our body and on the earth was originally created in the nuclear furnaces of long-extinct stars that sowed the seeds of our solar system. Stars preserve the main evidence for the evolution and expansion of the universe.
WEB RESOURCES
Neil deGrasse Tyson, noted astrophysicist and director of the Hayden Planetarium, discusses the galactic reactions that formed the early stars and the resultant matter that were the building blocks for the origins of life on Earth
How the first stars in the universe came into existence
Scientists see light that may be from the first objects in the universe
BOOKS
Coles, Peter. Cosmology: A Very Short Introduction. Oxford: Oxford University Press. 2001.
Eales, Stephen. Origins: How the Planets, Stars, Galaxies, and the Universe Began. London: Springer-Verlag London Limited. 2007... Qori Ayat Kursi Mp3 or your favourite songs from our MP3 database, YouTube, Facebook and more than 5000+ online MP3 sites, then download the best quality music for free. Now you can download Qori Ayat Kurs Qori Ayat Kursi Mp3 Music), and our site will find results matching your keywords, then display a list of music download links. Fast & simple.
You can type any keywords you want, and you will find exciting and ready to download mp3 on your keywords. Enjoy the Qori Ayat Kursi Mp3 song.
Qori Ayat Kursi Mp MP3 Download
Qori Ayat Kursi Mp3 Concerts
Here is some concerts with upcoming or past events related to Qori Ayat Kursi Mp3.
Qori Ayat Kursi Mp3 Artists
Here is some artists with upcoming or past events related to Qori Ayat Kursi Mp3.
Qori Ayat Kursi Mp3 Venues
Here is some venues with upcoming or past events related to Qori Ayat Kursi Mp3.
Qori Ayat Kursi Mp3 Festivals
Here is some festivals with upcoming or past events related to Qori Ayat Kursi Mp3.
Hi, this is a comment.
To get started with moderating, editing, and deleting comments, please visit the Comments screen in the dashboard.
Commenter avatars come from Gravatar.Category Gemstones & Jewellery
Bracelet – ‘Twists of Delight’
One only available.
Colour/Type: 925 Sterling Silver
Metal: 925 Sterling Silver
Size: L= 21cm Includes clasp
Metaphysical Properties:
1. Advantages & Perseverance
2. Connects & Strengthens
3. Cleanses & Eliminates
1 in stock
Featured Products
Gift Voucher
Our vouchers make the perfect gift and can be redeemed online or in our Berry store.This new book by Egyptologist Kara Cooney, The Good Kings: Absolute Power in Ancient Egypt and the Modern World covers 5 pharaohs and their authoritarian rules – Khufu, Senwosret III, Akhenaten, Ramses II, and Taharqa. More importantly it links their ruling styles to what we can see in today’s world. Her writing style makes this accessible to all.
I love books that make me look at things in a new way. The patriarchy many are fighting against today is nothing new, but it’s chilling to see some of the parallels between then and now. Cooney holds no punches, which I appreciated, but it’s also sure to make some people reject some of her analyses. Calling propaganda and cults out for what they are might make those involved with them cry foul. I am not one of them and I appreciated her insight.
Read it to see the world a different way and to see well known ancient Egyptian kings through a lens less rosy than before. I found it fascinating.
Thank you TLC Book Tours for getting this book in my hands and letting me be a part of the book tour.
Review Stops
Tuesday, November 2nd: Man of La Book
Wednesday, November 3rd: Books, Cooks, and Looks
Thursday, November 4th: What Is That Book About
Friday, November 5th: 100 Pages a Day…Stephanie’s Book Reviews
Monday, November 8th: Stacy’s Books
Tuesday, November 9th: Instagram: @jenniaahava
Wednesday, November 10th: She Just Loves Books
Thursday, November 11th: Instagram: @literannie
Monday, November 15th: Instagram: @createexploreread
Tuesday, November 16th: Jathan & Heather
Wednesday, November 17th: A Bookish Way of Life
Thursday, November 18th: Diary of a Stay at Home Mom
Friday, November 19th: Write – Read – LifeHe's New York's most prominent Knicks fan. But he's also a proud son of Brooklyn.
So would Spike Lee ever consider switching teams and rooting for the Brooklyn Nets?
No, no and no.
That's what Lee told in a Twitter message, saying anyone who thinks he's switching to the Nets "is on crack, meth and malt.Ready For School
At the Blue Cottage, we run a ready for school programme. What might surprise you is that it is not about ABC and 123 although of course that is included. Some of the most important things that your child needs to know before they go to school are:Full-Day Halong Bay Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. NATIONAL HIGHWAY Transfer
Features
Overview
- Dragonfly Cruises offer the easiest way with Instant Confirmation to book Halong Bay Day Tours.Travellers would see the best of Halong with the most interesting activities at the World Natural Heritage areas recognised by UNESCO.We offer the Private Car pick up at Hotels with Motorway Transfers for the best comfort and privacy.View our thousands Verified reviews for your right choice for your Halong Bay Day Tours.
Check availability
Day Tour from Tuan Chau Halong 12:15
Visit Halong Bay : Visit Halong - World Natural Heritage. Take 2 interesting activities: Heaven Palace Cave and Kayaking/Bamboo Boat
Duration: 4 hours: We pick up in Ticket Counter #01 in Tuan Chau Island about 12:00 - 12:30. Finish your tour at Tuan Chau Pier 16:30 - 17:00.
Lunch: The package include Seafood Lunch. But you have special request: Vegan, Vegetarian, Halah, Muslim… please advise in advance
Halong Bay 4 hours: This option includes pick up/drop off at Ticket Counter #01 Tuan Chau Island, Halong 12:15-12:30.
Do not pick up from Hanoi.
Traditional Cruise in Halong: Our traditional cruise departure from Tuan Chau Island, Halong Bay.
This option also offer the pick up/drop off in Tuan Chau
Starting point:
Tuan Chau Island, Tuần Châu, Hạ Long, Quảng Ninh, Vietnam
Starting time
Total
What's included, what's not
Know before you book
- Confirmation will be received at time of booking
- Not wheelchair accessible
- Please advise any specific dietary requirements at time of booking
- Stroller accessible
- Near public transport
- 42 travellers
- Returns to original departure point
What you can expect
Itinerary
This is a typical itinerary for this product
Stop At: Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a beautiful natural wonder in northern Vietnam. This extraordinary area was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1994. Tour guide choices up you in Hanoi in the morning for a drive to Halong with 175 kilometres.
Duration: 4 hours
Stop At: Dong Thien Cung, Halong Bay Vietnam
Thien Cung Cave (Heavenly Palace Cave) is located in the southwest of Halong Bay, which is considered the most beautiful primitive cave of the Bay. The cave is 10,000 square metres with complicated interior structure, many floors, and high ceiling. The cave becomes famous thanks to a unique system of stalactites and stalagmites with different forms and shapes.
Duration: 45 minutes
Pass By: Charming Vietnam Travel, 37A Hàng Thùng, street, Hoàn Kiếm, Hà Nội 100000, Vietnam
Charming Vietnam Travel and Dragonfly Cruise is one of the most prominent products of Hoan Kiem Travel Co., Ltd offering customers the easiest way to book cruises and tours to Halong Bay, Sapa, Hoa Lu – Tam Coc or City Tour.
Pass By: Dragonfly Cruise, 37a Phố Hàng Thùng, Hàng Bạc, Hoàn Kiếm, Hà Nội, Vietnam
Dragonfly Cruises offer Daily Halong Day Tours from Hanoi.
Help travellers to see the best of Halong with the World Natural Heritage areas recognised by UNESCO.
We offer Join-in group tour, small group tour, private tours to Halong bay day tours
Stop amongst the most photographed attractions for cruise visitors.
Duration: 15 minutes
Stop At: Hong Ngoc Fine Art, 18 Nguyen Trai, Sao Do, Chi Linh, Hai Duong 34000 Vietnam
Hong Ngoc Shopping Centre founded in 1996 with just one small store, it is now a vast shopping area of about 5000m2. The stores are unique in that they have a social initiative in place to provide free vocational training and job creation for people with disabilities.The products include embroidery, clothing, ornamental carving, lacquer, ceramic, gemstones, and jewellery.
Duration: 20 minutes
Location
Activity Location
- Hoàn Kiếm
- Hanoi Hà Nội
Meeting/Redemption Point
- 1: 37a Hàng Thùng, Hàng Bạc, Hoàn Kiếm, Hà Nội, Vietnam 2: Tuan Chau Island, Tuần Châu, Hạ Long, Quảng Ninh, Vietnam Traveler pickup is offered - Pick-up is available for guests staying at hotels in the Old Quarter of Hanoi. And Hotels listed in the system. - For Guests stay at BnB or Homestays hard to find the way to pick up. Please come to our office for the pick up from 07:30 - 08:00 at 37a Hang Thung street, Hoan Kiem district, Hanoi. - Or you can an Option in our tour: Private car Pick up at your hotel then you would meet our tour guide when you check in Cruise in Halong bay. - Lotte Hotel/ JW Marriott Hotel Hanoi/ Grand Plaza Hotel Hanoi/ Somerset Hoa Binh Hanoi/ Crowne Plaza Hotel/ Muong Thanh Xa La. The traffic to our office very bad. It would take long time for the Taxi. - For travelers who stay in Halong. You can meet our guide at 12:15-12:30 at Ticket Counter #01, Tuan Chau Island, Halong Bay. If you would like to come back Hanoi with us please advise us in advance for the best arrangement. Ports Ticket Counter No 01, Tuan Chau Island Port, Halong City
- Hanoi Hà Nội
4.4 average out of 5 rating of 127 reviews
Sort reviews by
Best Deals on Things to Do
Top experiences in Hanoi
Plan your trip in a snap on the app
Your 7 Favorite Stories of 2017
Dear Friend,
As we come to the end of the year, I thank you for reading and being a part of this community of thousands of leaders and high achievers from around the world. I am grateful for your support, your ideas and your feedback throughout the year. We help one another grow and develop personally and professionally.
Today, I offer the stories you read most, liked best and shared most frequently during 2017. I've included a taste; click Read More for the whole story.
I wish you Happy Holidays, a Merry Christmas and great happiness and success in 2018.
John
1) How to Stay Calm Under Stress. 
2) 7 Ways to Organize Your Presentation. 
3) Why I Write and You Should,.”
4) Less is More in Presentations
It’s estimated that we are exposed to some 5,000 marketing messages a day. Our phones constantly beg for attention. We have endless emails, texts and social notifications…. 
5) Are You Coachable?. 
6) How to Control Your Ego
Excerpt: If you overhear someone talking about a person’s ego, you can be sure it’s not positive. You never hear, “I love the ego Bob brings to his work!” More likely you’ll hear: “Phil’s got a huge ego!” “Pam’s ego is out of control!” “Cameron’s an ego maniac!”
It’s unfortunate that egos have such a negative reputation because a healthy ego can drive ambition, creativity and accomplishment. Cambridge Dictionary defines ego simply as, “The idea or opinion that you have of yourself, especially the level of your ability and intelligence, and your importance as a person.” 
7) Your Most Important Communication Skill is Listening
Excerpt:. 
Get my best idea weekly by joining the Sunday Coffee newsletter community.
Photo by Adam Whitlock on UnsplashFrom Neo-Punk to Americana Bluegrass, Scarlett is a group that encompasses a myriad of influences into their music. Made up of Scarlett Nevin and four other female musicians, the group was formed in early 2003. Reaching venues such as CBGB?s and the Republican National Convention, Scarlett?s experiences are even more unpredictable than their music. Deemed to be ?raw? and ?majestic? by NYU?s Washington Square, Scarlett just released their fourth album entitled ?The Letter?.Obituary: O’neal Williams
Published 12:09 pm Monday, April 2, 2012
WILLIAMS, Mr. O’neal, 88, a resident of Brantley died Saturday March 31, 2012.
Funeral services will be held at 2 pm Wednesday April 4, 2012 at Pleasant Home Baptist Church with Rev. Bernie Enzor officiating. Interment will follow in the church cemetery with Turner Funeral Home of Luverne directing.
Mr. Williams was preceded in death by his wife, Joan Williams.
Survivors include four children, Sharon (Joseph) Bodin, Robert (Angela) Williams, Roger Williams and Janet (Mark) Smith; nine grandchildren, Joel (Christy) Bodin, Brandon Bodin, Sarah Bodin, Jennifer Williams, Nicole Williams, Kyle Williams, Lauren Williams, Kevin Smith and Kristen Smith; five great grandchildren; and a sister, Olene Kimbro. Active pallbearers were Joel Bodin, Brandon Bodin, Kyle Williams, Kevin Smith, Wendell Rayborn and Jim Grimes.
Condolences may be offered atAssociates Council
Mission Statement
The HBA of Bucks/Montgomery Counties Associates Council fosters the relationship between Associate Members & Builders by developing events for the Home Builders Association of Bucks and Montgomery Counties.
The Associates Council improves the visibility of associate members and increases recognition of their products and services among builders. The committee plans networking events which includes the Annual Swerdloff Golf Outing Memorial & Holiday Party as well as other social events. The Council meets once a month to discuss upcoming events and overall Associate Council business.
Committee Chair
Steve Rudowsky, Trus Joist Weyerhauser
Matt Williams, Independence Planning Group
Get Involved!
To join this Committee, send an email to czapotek@hbahomes.comUniversal Consumer Brands Inc., was established by a team of individuals with a combined knowledge of over 75 years in Manufacturing, Innovation and Distribution of consumer brands to the market. UCBI, has a wide range of products from Personal Care to Household Cleansers under DUZ and other controlled brands. UCBI also has a complete line of Commercial and Institutional products.
UCBI provides:
DUZ is a superb name in cleaning
Universal Consumer Brands Inc
1111 Davis Dr., #1-454, Newmarket, Ontario - L3Y9E5, CanadaOn holiday in a holiday home in Kvarner? The Croatian coastal region of Kvarner (also known as the Kvarner Riviera) is known for its beautiful beaches, rocky coasts, stylish seaside resorts, and many small islands. But apart from that, it also offers a rich and unique combination of climate, vegetation and culture. The interior of Kvarner is characterized by highlands and rugged mountains. Between the coast and the highlands, there are historic towns, natural parks and thermal baths.
Holiday homes in Kvarner, for the peace and nature lover
The region is a lesser-known and touristically less developed destination than Istria, and is therefore ideally suited for those looking for peace and quiet, and nature lovers. You will find more authentic restaurants, quieter seaside resorts and small fishing villages here. Kvarner offers good diving opportunities, but for independent divers, because you will hardly find any diving schools and centres here.
Holiday homes in Kvarner, a succession of nature reserves
The Paklenica Nature Park is a true paradise for nature and hiking enthusiasts, because the region is rich in footpaths, caves, authentic villages, and a diversity of fauna. But the highlights are the Plitvice Lakes, Croatia's most famous national park, and added to the UNESCO World Heritage List. The park has 16 lakes, connected by spectacular waterfalls. You can visit this park from your holiday home in Kvarner. You can use the paths and bridges that run through the entire park. Visitors can also take a boat trip on the largest lake.
To the north lies the Risnjak National Park, part of which lies on the Gorsku Kotor plateau, separating Croatia from Slovenia. The park consists mainly of grassland and forests, and is therefore extremely suitable for beautiful walks.
Holiday homes Kvarner, pay a visit to Rijeka
Culture lovers can visit the beautiful port city of Rijeka. Croatia's largest port city has a lot to offer in terms of history and culture, such as a mediaeval fortress, an 18th-century city gate, the castle of Trsat, churches and cathedrals, and the Historical Museum of the Croatian Coastal Zone.
Holiday home in Kvarner for winter sports?
Although Croatia is a summer destination par excellence, there are also winter sports opportunities in Kvarner. Mount Dinara (1831 m) is an ideal winter sports area, and a hiking paradise in summer. There are several winter sports possibilities at Platak and Bjelolasica too. In short, a region to discover!.)
Attendees of a marriage boot camp on a remote island have to fight a 6-headed shark that attacks the beach
Genre: Action, Adventure, Comedy
IMDB rating: 3.4
Director: Mark Atkins
Writers: 2018
Stars: Brandon Auret, Thandi Sebe, Cord Newma
Etiketler: dunia21, film action, film bioskop, film comedy, film drama korea, film populer, film romantis, film semi, film seri, juara movie, layarkaca21Local Map & Area Attractions
Filter By:
- Cary Family Eye Care10110 Green Level Church Rd
Ste 102
Cary, NC 27519 +19194657400
- American Tobacco Trail - Chatham & Wake1305 White Oak Church Rd
Apex, NC 27523
- Thomas E Brooks Park111 Brooks Park Ln
Cary, NC 27519 +19194694061
- Magdalena's Chimney Cakes
Cary, NC 27519 +19192288515
- Green Leaf2779 NC-55
Cary, NC 27519 +19195227639
- Cheesecake Lady
Cary, NC 27519 +19193428684
- Buzzy Bakes Mobile Cupcake and Coffee Bar
Cary, NC 27519 +19193301257
- Proverbs Bakery
Cary, NC 27519 +19196277135
- Kirsty Blowers Health Coaching
Cary, NC 27519 +19193556478
- Athletic Republic Cary607 Mills Park Dr
Cary, NC 27519 +19192300899
- McDonald's4980 Cary Glen Blvd
Cary, NC 27519 +19194629904
- Spring Kitchen1110 Green Level To Durham Rd
Ste 100
Cary, NC 27519 +19194621388
- Ricci's Trattoria10110 Green Level Church Rd
Ste 108
Cary, NC 27519 +19193808410
- Los Tres Magueyes10120 Green Level Church Rd
Cary, NC 27519 +19192675444
- Andia's Homemade Ice Cream10120 Green Level Church Rd
Ste 208
Cary, NC 27519 +19198221866
- Mosaic Family Dentistry215 Tals Rock Way
Ste 1
Cary, NC 27519 +19192496968
- Dunkin'10030 Green Level Church Rd
Ste 800
Cary, NC 27519 +19194814477
- Triangle Chiropractic & Neurology Center220 Tals Rock Way
Cary, NC 27519 +19196780535
- Subway10130-300 Green Level Church Rd
Cary, NC 27519 +19194609422
- ExPo LIFE215 Tals Rock Way Cary Nc 27519
Ste 3
Cary, NC 27519 +19842082624
- Harris Teeter Pharmacy10140 Green Level Church Rd
Cary, NC 27519 +19194603126
- Starbucks1150 Green Level To Durham Rd
Cary, NC 27519 +19194603126
- Starpath Dance Academy10130 Green Level Church Rd
Ste 304
Cary, NC 27519 +19198302806
- Cary Park Town Center10130 Green Level Church Rd
Cary, NC 27519 +17709808180
- Discover Yoga & Physical Therapy4906 Sears Farm Rd
Cary, NC 27519 +19196000842
- MOD Pizza336 Sembler Lane
Ste 4001
Cary, NC 27519 +19842087015
- CVS Pharmacy10170 Green Level Church Rd
Cary, NC 27519 +19194670211
- CVS Pharmacy10170 Green Level Church Rd
Cary, NC 27519 +19194670211
- Mirchi’s Indian Kitchen & Bar328 Sembler Ln
Cary, NC 27519 +19196503007
- Tropical Smoothie Cafe425 Emissary Dr
Cary, NC 27519 +19193772320
- Marco’s Pizza325 Carpenter Hill Ln
Ste 102
Cary, NC 27519 +19192302222
- American Tobacco Trail New Hill South1309 New Hill Olive Chapel Rd
Apex, NC 27502 +19193872117
- Cloer Family Vineyards8624 Castleberry Rd
Apex, NC 27523 +19193875760
- Cheers N Paint2773 NC-55
Cary, NC 27511 +19199956238
- Raleigh Running Outfitters2773 Nc Hwy 55
Cary, NC 27519 +19193628282
- Paint Your Pot2755 Nc Hwy 55
Cary, NC 27519 +19193639333
- Jean's Berry Patch38 Lewter Shop Rd
Apex, NC 27523 +19193625800
- Mark Andrews Jewelers2735 NC Hwy 55
Cary, NC 27519 +19193625515
- CVS Pharmacy2797 North Carolina 55
Cary, NC 27519 +19193620381
- Phillips Farms6701 Good Hope Church Rd
Cary, NC 27519 +19193778989
- Carolina Sportsplex3717 Davis Dr
Morrisville, NC 27560 +19193199910
- Pinot's Palette - Apex1553 Beaver Creek Commons Dr
Apex, NC 27502 +19192961741
*We have no affiliation with and do not endorse any of the "attractions" listed here. While we do not doubt the accuracy of this information we have not verified it and make no guarantee, warranty or representation about it. All "Attractions" are subject to change without notice.Freed Short Sleeve Faith Leotard Sizes 1 - 2a
Regular priceShipping calculated at checkout.
£20.50(Price ex-VAT)
Short Sleeve Faith Leotard by Freed of London
- Royal Academy of Dance logo on the sleeve
- Polycotton Lycra
- Made in the UK
- Suitable for Grades 1-3, Grades 4-5, Grade 6, Grade 7 and Grade 8.
Size Guide:
1 (7 to 8 Years)
2 (9-10 years)
2a (11 to 12 years)About the staff
To serve you better, our staff consist of a managing dentist, a hygienist, a dental assistant, and an office manager.
Dr. Linda Lin
"Dr. Lin is a warm, compassionate and gentle dentist worthy of your trust and confidence Dr. Lin received her B.A. from University of Michigan at Ann Arbor and her D.M.D from University of Pennsylvania School of Dental Medicine. She then went on to Columbia University for her Advanced Education in General Dentistry residency. She also received an Advanced Education in General Dentistry certification from the New York-Presbyterian Hospital of Cornell and Columbia University.
Dr. Lin believes in performing quality dentistry for all her patients from pediatric to geriatric. She addresses patients' needs during comprehensive treatment planning. She loves giving patients their beautiful smile again. Dr. Lin is easy-going, kind hearted and loves the movie 'Pay It Forward'. During her free time, she enjoys traveling, reading, playing volleyball, tubing, boating and swimming."
-Dr. David Fox, Retired Dentist
Dr. Thomas E. Helfst,
Oral Maxillofacial Surgeon
Dr. Thomas Helfst is a certified, well-known, Stroudsburg oral surgeon in the private practice for around 20 years. He graduated from SUNY Stonybrook Dental School and did his oral surgery residency in Lincoln. He strives for perfectionism and performs optimum care for his patients. Recently, he started teaching the oral surgery residents Mondays to Fridays at the hospital in NY and spends his time Saturdays seeing his private patients.
During his free time, he likes to spend time with his family by the water. He loves to travel and has a passion for cars and watches.
Jaimie McGuire, Dental Assistant
Jaimie McGuire is a surgical technologist and dental assistant. She has an associates degree from McCann School of Business and Technology. Working here has made Jaimie become very interested in dentistry. She is now a student at ESU getting her BA degree. In the future, she would like to become a dentist. Jaimie is very bubbly and family oriented. She has shown maturity in helping her family through difficult times.
Janeth, Dental Assistant
Janeth is a dental assistant. She graduated as a dental assistant from California. She is a native Californian and is a certified dental assistant. Janeth speaks English and Spanish. She is fun, kind, helpful and friendly. She is a great asset to the practice because she is always early, dependable even when she is under the weather. Janeth is married and has two beautiful children. Her husband was a former military man. They now reside in Pennsylvania.
Heba, Receptionist
Heba has a bachelors degree in biology from the Pennsylvania State University. She hopes to become a Physician Assistant in the future and is devoted to providing an excellent patient care experience. Heba is CPR/first aid/AED certified and is fluent in Arabic and English.held the record for total hits at 4,121 for over 50 years.
- CONTEXT: Cobb played in an era that segregated whites from players of color for the entirety of his career. It’s a fair argument that he didn’t play against the best talent of his time, and whether or not that would have impacted his overall performance. Not to mention never traveling to the West Coast, playing against the shift, modern pitching velocity, or at night.
You can ruin just about anyone’s good time if you contextualize a players accomplishments, whether it be the introduction of the DH, raising the pitchers mound, or steroids. In order to truly be a generationally defining player, you need to approach the game in a way that is uniquely yours, and succeed on a level that forces objective acknowledgement of success. There are two ways to do this:
- BREAK NEW GROUND ENTIRELY:
- We’ll call this the “Babe Ruth” approach. When the chicken-legged son of a bartender decided he was going to try and hit the ball out of the ballpark every time he came up, he was arguably creating an entire new kind of approach to hitting. He was the first, and he succeeded so enormously (He retired with 714 home runs. In 2nd place was Roger Connor, with a total of 138), that he changed the way the game was played entirely.
- RE-INVENT A DEAD STYLE OF PLAY
- Take a style or philosophy that has been all but abandoned and revive it. This style has to be antithetical to the current mindset, and fill whatever gaps the modern game has. It basically has to use ancient methods to expose modern flaws.
We’ll call this the “Ichiro” approach.
The year is 2001, and baseball is doing as well as it ever has. The Yankees have completed three consecutive World Series titles, and turnstiles at ballparks across America are practically flying off the hinges, the strike of 1994 a distant memory that seems all but forgotten (for the moment). The Home Run had become a focal point of the game, as many fans sat on the edge of their seats in anticipation of watching their teams cleanup hitter blast a baseball into orbit. The long ball had become so commonplace that seemingly overnight, teams began to stack lineups with bulked up sluggers, trying to out swat their opponents into oblivion.
So here comes this scrawny kid from Japan with a goofy batting stance. He wasn’t the prototypical rookie, in fact he was considered a premier player in his native country. Ichiro Suzuki was attempting to be the first Japanese position player to break in to the Major leagues, and he was going to do it on his terms. He could run like the wind, and hit seemingly anything that a pitcher could throw at him. Around the league, people were beginning to take notice of the stoic outfielder, and his spark plug approach to the game. It was a Rose-esque hustle, but with natural talent and a feel for the game to boot. Many likened his style to that of the extinct Negro Leagues, who had a “heads up” style of play, running out ground balls, stealing bases, and keeping defenses off balance.
His hitting was turning heads, but it was a single throw that opened eyes…
The victim in this video is Terrance Long, who recalled afterwards “It was going to take a perfect throw to get me, and it was a perfect throw.”. As a personal editorial, two of my favorite defensive plays all time are “The Flip“, and “The Throw” (I’ve got nothing against the A’s, I promise!). What struck me about it is the sheer effortless nature of it, and Ichiro’s reaction. Arms on his knee, on one hand acknowledging the play, but also seemingly blasé about it, as if he expected that exact outcome. That single moment became one of the defining moments of his career. It was his announcement: I’ve arrived.
The rest of his career would prove that out, as he accrued over 3,000 hits (plus the 1,278 he had in Japan), and would play into his 40’s before finally retiring during the 2019 opening series, which happened to be in Japan. When we reflect back on his time in the game, he could be entered into the conversation of “greatest hitters ever”, and a clear hall of famer:
- 3,089 hits (23rd all time)
- 509 Stolen Bases
- 2 batting titles
- 10 Gold Glove Awards
- 1 MVP/Rookie of the Year
- 59.4 WAR
So in reference to the title, Why does Ichiro matter? All you need to know about that, is the reaction of 24 year old Yusei Kikuchi as Ichiro left a game for the last time. As a boy, Kikuchi cited Ichiro as one of his main inspirations for playing baseball. The master shared the dugout for one last time, with the student.
Oh, and just for fun, just watch the master at work, beating out infield hits:Some trunk rattling awesomeness for your Mother’s Day weekend.
Ty Dolla $ign – Beach House 3 Deluxe
Last year, Ty Dolla $ign blessed the masses with the third installment of his highly-rated Beach House series, which boasted a healthy 20 songs. Now, he delivers a Deluxe version of the project that contains six more tracks and new appearances from Wiz Khalifa, French Montana, Gucci Mane, Quavo and 21 Savage. A perfect album re-introduction for the Summer.
Check out Beach House 3 Deluxe (and get more recent news on Ty$) here.
Playboi Carti – Die Lit
I thought that Playboi Carti‘s self-titled release from last year was his debut album…turns out, that was only an appetizer preceding today’s official debut titled Die Lit. This go ’round, fans get 19 tracks and appearances from the usual suspects (and a couple of surprises): Pi’erre Bourne (his go-to producer that’s become a rising star in his own right), Skepta, Lil Uzi Vert, Travis Scott, Chief Keef, Nicki Minaj, Bryson Tiller, Young Thug and more.
Stream the album below.
Tee Grizzley – Activated
Tee Grizzley finally delivers his official debut album, Activated. The Detroit rhymer’s latest sees 18 tracks and appearances from Lil Durk (who previously connected with Grizzley on Bloodas), YFN Lucci, Lil Yachty, Jeezy, Chris Brown, Moneybagg Yo and Lil Pump.
Ace Hood – Trust The Process II: Undefeated
Following a slew of new singles, Ace Hood drops off the second installment of his Trust The Process series, dubbed Undefeated. This one contains a whopping 29 tracks, including previous releases “They Said,” “3 Bless,” “Testify” and “Be Calm.”
Suggested Articles:
NEW ALBUM FRIDAY: Desiigner, Rae Sremmurd, Preme & More
NEW ALBUM FRIDAY: Post Malone, Janelle Monáe, Wiley (& More)
You might also like
More from Albums/Mixtapes
Bobby Shmurda Drops New Single “Splash”
New York rap sensation Bobby Shmurda is back with another dramatic new single “Splash.” Producers Danny Wolf and ALOY’s moody keys …
Warner Records Announces Bruised Soundtrack Out November 19th
Warner Records in association with The Blueprint Group, Roc Nation, and Saloon Music announces the release of Bruised (Soundtrack From and Inspired By …
Travy Nostra Drops New Album ‘Leave Me The F*** Alone’
Today, DMV rising star Travy Nostra unveiled his new body of work titled Leave Me The F*** Alone, which comes …What: On October 23, 2014, His Worship Mayor Brad Woodside will announce a world-class, telecommunications infrastructure initiative and strategic partnership through GoFred – a product of the city-owned telecommunications company, e-Novations.
Why: To reveal details about a ground-breaking initiative, which will enhance Fredericton’s position as a premiere place to do business in the ICT sector and knowledge-based industries. This initiative will set Fredericton apart from Atlantic Canada in terms of unique value proposition and competitive advantage. It will well-position Fredericton to attract foreign direct investment from companies looking to establish or outsource their product development divisions globally.
Who Should Attend: Members of the Media (including business/community reporters and editors), business community at-large, government and institutional stakeholders.
When: Thursday, October 23rd, 10:00 a.m.
Where: 40 Crowther Drive, Knowledge Park-Building 4, Fredericton, NB
Slated Speakers: His Worship Mayor Brad Woodside, City of Fredericton; Larry Shaw, CEO of Ignite Fredericton & Knowledge Park; Tom Rivington, CEO of F6 Networks; and Mike LeBlanc, CEO of BlueSpurs
Media Contact: Laurie Guthrie, Economic Development Specialist, Ignite Fredericton, 462-5126, laurie.guthrie@ignitefredericton.comElisabeth Moss received an extra special surprise on the 2019 Golden Globes red carpet from one of her favorite artists, Taylor Swift!
The "End Game" singer, who is also a favorite of the entire Handmaid's Tale cast, recorded a video message for the actress ahead of the ceremony on Sunday. During her interview with Ryan Seacrest on E!'s Live From the Red Carpet, Moss was surprised with the video message from Swift, and her reaction was priceless!
"Hey it's Taylor," Swift said in the video message. ."
Swift then wished Moss, who is nominated tonight, good luck at the show. "Would love to meet you someday," Swift added.
"Oh my God that's so crazy!" Moss told Seacrest after watching the video. "I can't believe she even knows who I am! That's amazing, thank you!"
"Hi Taylor, I'm happy to come over and hang out anytime!" Moss told Swift.
It was just months ago at the 2018 Emmys that Moss dished to E! News' Giuliana Rancic about her cast's love for T.Swift songs.
When asked how the cast unwinds between scenes, Moss shared, "There's a lot of Taylor Swift sing-alongs, joking around, a lot of Instagram."
"We have fun, I mean, it's work," Moss continued. "It's our job, we're not actually in Gilead, thank God, and it's fun."
Moss is up for Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series — Drama at Sunday's award show or her work in The Handmaid's Tale. Moss' co-star Yvonne Strahovski is nominated for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television for her work in the Hulu series.Israeli startup develops drone-based extended reality technology that helps users realize their dream of flying; tech leaders around the world visit Israel, “the epicenter of magic”; Israeli technology detects leaks in Finland, and much more!
By: Michael Ordman
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
You can fly
Israeli startup XTend has developed drone-based extended reality technology to simulate the experience of pilots or race car drivers. They say users will realize their dreams of flying. XTend’s founders previously launched 3D company Replay Technologies which they sold to Intel for $170 million.
‘The epicenter of magic’
REALITY Experience, an initiative by the Charles and Lynn Schusterman Family Foundation, brings inspiring influencers from around the globe on a transformative journey through Israel to reignite their passion and potential for repairing the world. Here they describe some of what they have learned.
Detecting water leaks in Finland
The cloud-based technology of Israel’s TaKaDu (see here) is now operational in 13 countries. Jyväskylä Energy Group, the water utility of central Finland’s largest city, will deploy TaKaDu’s central event management solution to improve network efficiency and customer service.
Soaring up the Innovation Index
Last year (2017) Israel rose 4 places to 17 in the United Nations’ Global Innovation Index. This year, Israel jumped six further places to number 11, leaping over Japan and France. Israel came top in Researchers and talent, R&D spend, VC deals, Innovation linkages and ICT services exports.
60 years of aid to developing countries
Growing lettuce in Senegal, child education in Ghana and Nepal, combatting human trafficking, courses to empower women, a neonatal clinic in Ghana. Just some of the 60th year of activities of MASHAV – Israel’s Agency for International Development Cooperation.
Green Israel
For a country that is over 60% desert, Israel is tremendously GREEN.
Weizmann in top ten for research quality again
The Leiden University of the Netherlands has issued its latest ranking of the 1,000 best Universities (CWTS Leiden Ranking). Israel’s Weizmann Institute was awarded ninth place for its Research Quality. It has risen from 19th in 2008 and from 10th in 2017.
400 graduating innovators
Israel’s Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design is unveiling this year’s innovations by more than 400 graduating industrial design students. Highlights – a field blood supply kit for medics, a home dialysis machine, artificial fruit to fight global food and vitamin shortages, and a mosquito control system.
Broadband satellite communications
Israel’s Gilat Satellite Networks is to develop fast, secure broadband data transmission via the Phase-1 Low Earth Orbit (LEO) satellite from Canada’s Telsat that was launched earlier in 2018.
Protecting Brazilian cotton against pests
Israel-based Evogene is partnering with Instituto Matogrossense do Algodão (IMAmt) to test its pest-resistant genes in Brazil’s cotton crops. Annual damages caused by the Cotton Boll Weevil is estimated at $468 million just in Brazil.
The other Israeli tech in Thai rescue mission
In addition to the radios from Israel’s Maxtech, the comms systems from Israel’s Radwin were used to coordinate rescue operations by the various forces in the area. A team from Radwin’s office in Bangkok established a wireless network in an area with little to no connectivity.
>!Our services for Formula Vee cover all aspects of the formula. Manufacture of the award, Championship winning Dominator race car.
Formula Vee Engines from new complete dry sumped, sidedraght ultralight engines to a rebuilds and general service work.FORMULA VEE
UK and International
Full spectrum of race services
We are here most days and are happy to support you with your projects and race enquiries.
We posess SSL / Secure CertificateWorld Number One Novak Djokovic joins kids for late-night game of tennis in hometown Belgrade
Novak Djokovic has been praised after video emerged of the tennis World Number One playing a late-night game with some young fans in Belgrade.
The 32-year-old, who won his eighth Australian Open last month, is taking time out from competing to be in Serbia to promote an event connected with his Foundation.
The video, captured by a local resident from his balcony, shows Djokovic taking part in an impromptu tennis match with three kids in the evening.
Djokovic said the rallying was "spontaneous" before adding: "These are the moments one lives for, my heart was full."
In a recent interview, the tennis champion credited growing up in war-torn Serbia for his success.
He said: "My upbringing was in Serbia during several wars during ’90s, difficult time, embargo in our country where we had to wait in line for bread, milk, water, some basic things in life.
Novak Djokovic beats Dominic Thiem in five-set final to win eighth Australian Open title and 17th grand slam
Navratilova and McEnroe apologise over Margaret Court protest at Australian Open
"These kinds of things make you stronger and hungrier for success, I think, in whatever you choose to do," he added.
When asked about playing tennis in the Serbian capital at his academy, Djokovic said: "It was spontaneous, first time I saw someone playing tennis in the neighbourhood,” Djokovic said at his academy in the Serbian capital.
"I saw someone recording, but I didn’t know it’s out there.
"We marked the lines and I promised them the net. These are the moments one lives for, my heart was full," he added.50 Things to Create Your Girlfriend Happy and Keep Her InterestedCategory:Age Gap Dating Sites reviews
42: Make Her a component of the Life вЂ“ a whole lot of guys have a tendency to keep their girlfriends away from their internal circle of buddies. If you were to think this relationship is certainly going someplace, then take the time to carry her into that group so they can all get to understand her. In the event that you operate a continuing company or have work, discuss facets of individuals with her. Simply put, allow her to in from the life you had before her.
43: allow her to understand how fortunate You Are вЂ“ Men donвЂ™t tell their women sufficient that theyвЂ™re so lucky to have them.
44: Cuddle More вЂ“ it anyway if youвЂ™re not the spooning type or cuddling type, do. Not only can real intimacy of those functions be good when it comes to relationship, however the touch factor would be useful to you when you look at the run that is long. Oxytocin is released whenever one is happy, and also this neurohormone can benefit you in manners you canвЂ™t imagine.
45: Befriend Her Friends вЂ“ You donвЂ™t have actually to flex over backward to be good to her friends, but at the least attempt to become familiar with them..Comparative Religion
Course Description
Major world religions, including Hinduism, Buddhism, Confucianism, Taoism, Judaism, Christianity, and Islam, are surveyed in their historical, literary, and historical contexts. The sociology of religion is extensively addressed, and parallels in myths, rituals, conversion, and rites of passage are compared. Recent and contemporary religious trends are also addressed.
Learning Outcomes
- Demonstrate an understanding of the place of one’s religious tradition in relation to the other religious traditions studied.
- Appreciate the importance of building tolerance for people of other religious traditions through understanding those traditions.
- Demonstrate an understanding of how religious beliefs impact the different social systems of major cultures.
- Identify different ways of understanding and experiencing the divine.
- Demonstrate an understanding of how religious beliefs inform and influence concepts of the self, of society, and of the world as a<<Increase your winnings with free football pool picks
An interesting way of combining pleasure and money would be to either join a football pool or start one. In this way you can enjoy watching the game with friends and family whilst betting along with them. You may also join an online football pool to enjoy the sport whilst remaining seated in your chair. However, if you want to increase your chances of surviving longer and winning much of your bets then you can depend on free football picks to help you out.
You may also begin a football pool in your office so as to have something exciting to talk about during your coffee breaks. It does not matter if the pool decides to bet on nfl games, college football and even fantasy football as long as everyone agrees to the rules of the pool. If you plan to begin your pool then you too will have to formulate some rules and collect an entry fee from all of the bettors in that pool. Most pools stick to the elimination approach to betting in which a bettor is eliminated once he/she loses a bet and the winnings are handed over to the final bettor or bettors.
It’s thus important that you choose your bets cautiously as you could get eliminated and lose your bet simultaneously. Because it is quite difficult to keep track of each player and team and much more difficult in case you are betting over/under or against the spread and even partaking in parlays or teases, it’s just easier to go online and choose sites that provide free football picks. These websites usually 50 % of the bettors and you should make sure that you are in the remaining few.
Using the free football pool picks from a reputed site and comparing it with your own personal findings, you can place an educated bet and improve your odds of winning. Although you should not totally rely on such picks, by comparing your personal predictions you can at least determine if you’re on the right track.
Make sure that you choose an experienced and honest site for your free picks. The site also needs to have experts on hand to help you with the right free football pool picks to enable you to comfortably win your bet and move on to the next round. Check around before you set your sights on a particular website after which follow their free picks consistently to get the best results. This will likely make sure that you collectively enjoy each game of football together with your family members while also winning your bet with the aid of the best football pool picks.-
- Corporate
- Investing
- Your Consultant
- Green Growth
- Property
- Money
- Infographics
- Timeout
- Sports
- Photos
- Society
- World News
Lenovo Partner Hub – launching globally on August 27 – reaffirms Lenovo’s commitment to foster, personalised information that is most relevant to the partner’s needs, geographic markets, and past history. It provides a unified, consistent experience, bringing together:
• Intelligent pricing: streamlined and integrated pricing engine with Deal Registration and New Customer Bonus/Acquisition Bonus – all in one place;
• Digital co-selling: digital marketing assets, partner-ready services, specialist programmes, and rewards;
• Digital processes: realising efficiencies and speed of execution from opportunity, quotation, order, and rewards.
 ‘Channel:
• Instant price for small- and medium-sized businesses and midmarket deals;
• Accelerated turnaround of Deal Registration and New Customer Bonus/Acquisition Bonus requests;
• Faster turnaround on rebate payments;
• Dramatic reduction in claim turnaround and increase in claim automation.
Lenovo Partner Hub launches starting July 27 in select geographical markets, with other markets going live in the coming months.
Lenovo (HKSE: 992, ADR: LNVGY) is a $50 billion Fortune Global 500 company, with 63,000 employees and operating in 180 markets around the world. Focused on a bold vision to deliver smarter technology for all, the company is developing world-changing technologies that create a more inclusive, trustworthy, and sustainable digital society. By designing, engineering, and building the world’s most complete portfolio of smart devices and infrastructure, the company is also leading an intelligent transformation – to create better experiences and opportunities for millions of customers around the world.
What the stars mean:
★ Poor ★ ★ Promising ★★★ Good ★★★★ Very good ★★★★★ ExceptionalMainline Persona games go to great lengths to establish the rules of their various supernatural worlds and the real world politics and philosophy that informs them. With Persona Q2: New Cinema Labyrinth, the ways in which the series bends and breaks its own rules in order to concoct a fanservice-driven experience is starting to grow tiresome. I adore the Persona games and all the characters found therein are some of my favourites in video games, but I think after so many years of crossovers and spin-offs, I’m finally at the point where I’d rather not see Atlus continuing to distort its own games to bring them all together.
Unlike the original Persona Q, which let you choose between playing as the Persona 3 or Persona 4 protagonist and experience the big crossover game from the perspective of either character, Persona Q2 is primarily focused on Persona 5’s Phantom Thieves, setting you in the shoes of their leader Joker. During a seemingly routine trip to Momentos, the team finds themselves in a mysterious movie theatre with a sealed entrance, two mysterious attendants, and the ability to enter the movies playing and alter their outcomes. Each movie is a dungeon, with multiple traps to evade, shadows to fight, and labyrinths to navigate. As the Phantom Thieves progress through each movie, they meet new Persona users from Persona 4’s Investigation Team and Persona 3’s S.E.E.S., amassing a huge roster of party members, with hundreds of possible combinations.
It’s a Persona fan’s dream to have so many beloved characters together in one game, but I don’t think most of these characters get through Persona Q2 unscathed. With so many people with huge personalities gathered in one place, it’s impossible for them all to get their due. There are a few standout interactions, but overall three groups of nuanced and interesting characters are reduced down to their barest of essential characteristics. There’s not a great deal of development, at least not for the characters I was there to see. My investment was stretched thin by the contrived setup. The gap in chronology between each game means that Q2 has to exist in an ambiguous timeframe for all the characters but taking place in definitive points per each game. Characters who died are still alive and appearing as they did in their respective games, and making this miracle happen means a ton of handwave antics have to be put in place. Persona, in spite of its supernatural premise, usually manages to ground its stories in its world in a way that’s consistent, but that goes out the door when it comes to bringing all these characters together in Persona Q2. The Persona 4 Arena games stick out to me as an outlier on this, as it didn’t involve keeping all these characters around the same age, and acted as an actual progression of these characters’ stories instead of trying to equalize them in a new setting. The series is clearly capable of creating meaningful crossover games, allowing these characters to have a substantial impact on each other’s lives, but Persona Q2 takes on too much at once and can’t make it all fit without making the main story feel toss away.
It’s a shame the setting doesn’t hold up, because Q2 has some of the most rewarding and compelling dungeon design. Each dungeon is based off the movies in the theatre, which are all parodies of popular genres and series like superhero movies and Jurassic Park. But despite the wide range of settings, they each carry a similar setup and navigation sense. There’s a language to be learned for making your way through each movie, and much of it is learned through the manual map maintenance. While you explore each dungeon, Q2 requires you to add markings, labels and even draw out enemy patrol paths. On paper, that sounds like a tedious, but I found this to be one of my favourite parts of both the original game and Q2. Progression through a dungeon meant I was constantly marking routes, solutions, and enemies as I attempted to reach the end of any given floor. There’s a sense of personality found in a person’s Q2 map. It can be as meticulous or as bare as the individual needs it to be, and I found myself constantly drawing and labelling every detail I came across, making it easier to backtrack as I needed to and to find my way back to an objective. It’s a strange thing to say that my favourite part of a Persona game had nothing to do with the characters or the battle system, but in a setting and story that felt less inspired and thought-provoking, I found solace in how much I enjoyed documenting my journey through each movie on the tiles of the 3DS’ touch screen.
As for Q2’s battle system, it’s essentially identical to the original game, which took some notable changes from the mainline games. Instead of a turn-based system, the Persona Q games use a round-based system that makes things more challenging. Commands are given to each party member in bulk at the beginning of a round, flipping old tactics on their head, requiring calculated setups and ability combinations to be set in motion, all in hopes that characters aren’t knocked out before they can be executed. There’s another layer of strategy in Q2, which is one of the aspects where its large cast and the combinations of party members work in its favour. By the end of the game, I was using a mix of characters from all three games, and it allowed me to cover all my bases for any enemies I came across. Other additions, such as allowing each character to have a secondary Persona, which gave them access to abilities they couldn’t acquire naturally, allowed me to make parties made up entirely of my favourite characters. In most cases, Ryuji from Persona 5, Kanji from Persona 4, and Akihiko from Persona 3 wouldn’t make much sense strategically given their similar movesets, but adding secondary ability sets gave me the freedom to play with characters I wanted without undermining myself in the process.
One final note, if you’re a person who plays the Persona games dubbed, it’s worth knowing that Persona Q2 has no English audio. It’s a shame, as I feel the English cast of all of these games has been excellent in every dubbed game, but whether it was a budgetary concern or coordinating over 30 actors for one project, there are only Japanese voices. I personally ended up muting them, as I was able to follow the text more easily without the voice in my ear, but if you were hoping to hear the English voices again, you’ll likely be disappointed to know they weren’t brought back. In spite of my criticism of Q2, I’m don’t want Atlus to shy away from these crossover games and spin-offs that exist outside each Persona game’s initial field of view, I just would rather see the company not stretch so far to make them happen. Seeing characters and worlds we’ve come to know and love pushed to new stories and settings, often with some fun new mechanics to boot, is always a joy. Even when I was rolling my eyes at the contrived stories of the Dancing games or Q2, it’s hard not to smile when I see my favourite characters in the same room, interacting with the same charm, however brief and fleeting it may be. I just wish Atlus would start using these games to tell meaningful stories instead of fanservice it will write away before the game is over. These characters deserve better.Christmas with The Chosen:
The Messengers
The.
This is the perfect opportunity to bring friends and family, including those who haven't seen The Chosen, for a unique Christmas experience.
Scroll down for group sales info.
Frequently asked questions
My theater is sold out. What do I do?
The special will now be available in most locations December 1-10, so please look for all the available showtimes. If there’s nothing available, please contact your local theater and let them know you want a ticket.
I can’t go to a theater. Will I get to see this brand new episode?
Of course. Like with every Chosen episode ever, and as Dallas explained in our livestream, this special will eventually be free and easy for you to watch all over the world. Once it’s released in theaters, we’ll announce when it’ll be available free and easy elsewhere.
How do I do group tickets or even rent out an entire screen?
At the bottom of this page you can find links to group sales for different theater chains. The website for your theater will typically have contact info for group sales as well. They’re happy to work with you and are aware The Chosen Army likes to bring friends!
How do I host a screening at my local church?
You can book a screening at your local church with Fathom partner Faith Content Network. Showings will be available December 3 - 15. They even handle the ticketing process for you. Simply visit this website, fill out the form, and they will be in touch!
Book a Showing at your Church
You can now book a showing of Christmas with The Chosen: The Messengers at your church or school. Showings will be available December 3 - 15. Check out faithcontentnetwork.com/host-the-chosen to get started.
Your church or ministry group can book entire showings of Christmas With The Chosen: The Messengers. Click on your theater below to get started. If your theater isn't listed, you can contact them directly and request a group sale.At K.K. Penner Tire Centers Inc., we offer full tire service in every application. Whether you need a wheel barrow tire, passenger tire, medium truck tire, farm or earthmover tire, we service and sell whatever your tire needs are!
Call us for an appointment today, courtesy cars available (Blumenort location only)!
Service Trucks: All locations offer 24-hour after-hours on-site service. Call one of our four locations for more information.
Tire Repairs: As well as having a very good stock of new tires, we are also committed to complete, honest tire care and service. We specialize in spot repairs (vulcanize) for tires, which can repair tires that normal patches would not fix. We can repair your tire and get you back on the road. This is both environmentally friendly and cost effective for the consumer.
Large Inventory: K.K. Penner Tire Centers Inc. stocks over 6,000 passenger and light truck tires, we are Manitoba’s car and truck tire specialists!
Our Blumenort location offers Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) relearn/reset as well as winter/summer tire storage.
Michelin Promise Plan
We want you to be 100% satisfied with your MICHELIN® passenger or light truck replacement tires so they are backed by the Michelin Promise Plan.For me, this seasons has been all about the combination of knitwear and tailoring to create outfits. The idea of having something as smart as a suited look with the added texture and warmth of knitted items is both extremely stylish and very practical during these Winter/Spring transitional periods. Recently, I decided to put together a combination outfit that would work equally well with two different types of accessories allowing for slightly different looks that would work well for different tastes and occasions.
So with the morning sun cracking and the remains of an early day’s fog settling on my lapel (you’ll notice a few water droplets) I put together these two subtly different outfits. Let me know which one you prefer in the comments section.
Photography Credit: Sarah Anne Choa View PostAs a historian with specific interest in Agriculture and Economy, I have over the years focused on trying to proffer solutions to socio-economic problems confronting the Nigerian society in particular and the African continent in general. As a result much of my research works and publications have focused on issues like Land Management, Climate Change, Migration, Conflict, Crop production and marketing. Studies have also been done in areas of Ethno-Religious Conflict with focus on role of economy and governance, the Almajarai system and economic implications in Nigeria and Poverty and Terrorism. Some of these research outputs have been published as articles in reputable local and off-shore journals such as West Bohemian Historical Review, Developing Countries Studies, Modern Africa, Journal of Asian and African Studies and Historical Yearbook as well as chapters in books. These works have been able to impact not only on the academic community but also on the larger Nigerian Community and as such I have been at various times privileged to address much larger audience, both at intellectual and participatory levels. For instance, in 2010, I was invited by the Pan Igala Renaissance to speak on Trade and Commerce along the River Niger Basin. I have also worked with Center for Public Policy and Inter-religious Affairs on issues relating the socio-economic problems and possible solutions in Northern Nigeria. The work on Terrorism and its Implication on Infrastructure and Economic Development: A Review of Selected Cases across the Country since c.1980 published by Africa and Science, Germany, led to the body through her editor Moses Chi, requesting that I collaborate with one of their research who was then at the level of framework of research program on terrorism in Nigeria and Cameroun in 2015. The result of this led to my completion and subsequent publication of “Poverty and Terrorism in Northern Nigeria: Some Reflective notes on the manipulation of the almajirai System and its implication on National Development” in Modern Africa, Czech 2016 and “Emerging Religious Movements and its Implications for African History and Heritage”; European Scientific Journal, Republic of Macedonia 2016. In 2016, through my contribution in the area of intergroup relations, I was appointed member of the Study Committee on Inter-religious Affairs, Universal Peace Federation, West Africa and Nation Agricultural Production Cooperative Union of Nigeria (NAPCON). My research on the Economy, Minorities and Poverty in Northern Nigeria with specific reference to the Maguzawa and Nigeria citizenship: Reflecting on Identity Politics and National Question in Africa caught the attention of Nigerian Erosion and Watershed Management Project (NEWMAN) through which i was consulted to help work on Environment and Social Impact Assessment Study of Flood and Erosion, Northeastern Nigeria. I have consulted for the Kukah Centre Abuja, on Intergroup Relations, Conflict Prevention and Management in the Southern Kaduna area of Nigeria focusing on Economic Impact/Implications. I have also consulted for The Catholic Poverty Reduction Group in the area of History of the Marginalized Indigenous groups in Northern Nigeria. I am also a Resource Person and Contributor to the Nigerian History Project (NHP), a Centre under the auspices of the Olusegun Obasanjo Presidential Library Foundation (OOPLF) for research, documentation and curation of galleries based on selected historical themes or events in Nigeria. As a way of mentoring, apart from my primary assignment in the University, I teach history as part of Community Development Project to pupils of Sunshine Primary School, Ile-Ife. I also reach out to the larger community through analysis on radio (Matters Arising on Odua FM 90.9 Ile-Ife and Crunch Time on Crown FM 101.5,Ile-Ife), articles and news in Independence Newspaper, Ibadan, Katolink Paper, Osogbo; The Olivebranch Newspaper, Zaria; The Cross News, Kaduna and The Caritas, Bauchi.1 / 5
Today Leica Camera unveiled a special edition X2 Camera, designed by fashion designer Paul Smith. Limited to 1500 examples, the special release features an interpretation of Paul's signature bright stripes. The top plate is finished in dazzling bright orange, the baseplate in an eye-catching brilliant yellow and the leather finish is done in British racing green. Further details include an engraved light bulb ‘doodle’ on the pop-up flash, a carrying strap and a camera protector in taupe-coloured, premium calfskin and a lens cleaning cloth labelled ‘Paul Smith for Leica’.Added: Wang Fallin - Date: 12.11.2021 16:22 - Views: 48089 - Clicks: 2785
Attractive horny singles worldwide. Adult encounter, live Chat, Instant messages, find naked girls. Then hit me up just want sex i am a average man who likes alot of sex also good about getting regular exercise.
I wouldn't consider myself a big traveler, but I've done some England a couple of times and points in the U. I'm looking for someone that has some similar interests. Meet local Singles online with Adult friend finder dating service.
Browse our lovely horny girls seeking sexy men for love, dating and sex! for free Now! Vient me parler.
Un texte d'introduction! J'sais pas koi dire Si vous voulez vraiment en savoir plus sur moi venez me parler et poser des questions pour me connaA? Sex Dating in East Sonora, CaliforniaTen Little Fingers
Ten Little Fingers
-: In Stock
- Available Quantity: 1000+
Details
- Series:Nursery Rhymes Board Books
- Other Applicable Age Ranges:6 - 12 months
- ISBN:9781786285997
- Language:English
- Cover:Boardbook
- Book Size:6.02 x 6.02
- Carton Qty:40
- # of Pages:12Will We Play Sports In Heaven? | WRETCHED TV Episode #2725
Join Todd for open-air preaching at the University of Georgia. See Todd evangelize to a Muslim student who gets very upset with his message.
More Resources
Are you looking to leave the old, tired, boring, bible studies behind? Then head on over to wretched.org/study today for robust and exceedingly practical studies.
__
Subscribe to Wretched Radio Daily Podcast: Apple Podcasts | Android | RSS Feed
___(Reuters) – San Francisco Giants first baseman Brandon Belt and Toronto Blue Jays outfielder Michael Saunders will be first-time All-Stars after winning a fan vote on Friday for the final places in the Midsummer Classic.
Belt overtook Pirates left fielder Starling Marte in the voting to join the roster for the National League in Tuesday’s game against the American League at Petco Park in San Diego.
Saunders, a British Columbia native, rode a wave of Canadian support to take his place in the contest over second-place finisher George Springer of the Houston Astros.
The suddenly hot Belt is batting .331 (46-for-139) with 22 runs, 19 doubles, six homers and 24 RBIs in his past 36 games and his 27 doubles lead the NL for the Giants, who top the major leagues with a 54-33 record.
Saunders also showed that it helps to be on a tear during the campaigning. He is 12 for his last 24 in helping the Blue Jays stretch their winning streak to six.
“The All-Star Game, not only in baseball but in all sports, represents the top caliber of players in their sport,” Saunders said during the balloting.
“To have my name mentioned alongside the great players that are in the All-Star Game … it’s an honor.”
Two notable replacement pitchers were announced on Friday.
Washington Nationals right-hander Max Scherzer was named to the NL All-Star team to replace team mate Stephen Strasburg, who is 11-0 but has recently come off the disabled list and the Nats prefer the San Diego native does not pitch.
Scherzer, the 2013 American League All-Star starter as a Detroit Tiger, is 9-6 with a 3.21 ERA and a major league-leading 155 strikeouts in 120 2/3 innings.
Also joining the NL is a surprise addition, 43-year-old Bartolo Colon of the New York Mets.
The roly-poly Dominican was added by NL manager Terry Collins, who selected his own Mets pitcher to stand in for the Giants’ Madison Bumgarner, who is pitching on Sunday and would not be available to throw on Tuesday.
“It means a lot, especially for someone my age,” Colon said through an interpreter. “It surprised me a lot. There’s a lot of great ballplayers around the league, and I wasn’t expecting this.”
Colon, who is 7-4 with a 3.28 ERA, returns to the scene of one of his greatest feats.
A notoriously poor hitter, he became the oldest player in major league history to hit his first home run when he took James Shields deep at Petco Park on May 7.
(Reporting by Larry Fine in New York; Editing by Andrew Both): We all have our own way to experience spaces : Our designs are as unique as the people we work for : That uniqueness is what drives us here at Kokema
Office, Helsinki
BORENIUS
Office space: 6700m2 FULL RENOVATION
: The assignment was to design the office space in a historical building in the centre of Helsinki. The starting point was to design a work environment that supports the work of personnel, enables project work and enhances internal communication for 190 people. The space was designed with due regard to the functionality and especially with idea to improve the customer experience and comfort.
: The interior supporting the company image was created by combining the framework of the old building with the new contemporary decoration. High-quality materials, harmonious colours, comfortable lighting, sleek furniture and modern technology created a whole that inspires both the staff and the company's customers.Sovaro
Drawing inspiration from the worlds of international fashion and state-of-the-art technology, Sovaro embodies sleek, elegant aesthetics and thoughtful, intuitive design. Our products raises the bar with unique, innovative, and purposeful products built for wherever life takes you. From versatile coolers to tasteful tumblers and elegant bar ware, our products are designed to accentuate every unforgettable experience. Whether you’re caffeinating your morning commute or embarking on a weekend getaway, Sovaro stands for serious style plus an unparalleled suite of features. Our line of luxury products sets the standard in form and functionality, and our brand stands committed to exceeding expectations at every occasion.What is technical analysis
Technical analysis deals with the study and anticipation of the price movement of financial security like stock, index, ETF, Forex, etc. by analyzing prior price movements and patterns. Technical analysis involves the study of different types of charts, chart patterns, as well as trend-following indicators and oscillators.
Assumptions in technical analysis
Technical analysis work on two fundamental premises which forms the framework for technical analysis,
- market discount everything – this assumption tells us thatmarkets are efficient; therefor, the market price reflects the sum of all available information. For example, there could be an employee in the company who is buying the company’s stocks in large quantities in anticipation of the launch of new products or good quarterly earnings. The price will react to his action as demand increased, thus giving a signal to the technical analyst that there could be a good buy.
- price moves in trend- the market price moves are not random; perhaps it seems like, but they are not. It moves in a pattern and trends that tend to repeat over time. That’s why technical analyst often refers to the phrase that “history tends to repeat itself.”
What are chart and its types
Charts are used to display the movement of price in the most comprehendible ways. Each trading day has four data points i.e., Open(O), High(H), Low(L), and Close(C), which are displayed by a chart. There are three types of charts commonly used by a technical analyst.
- Line chart
- Bar chart
- Japanese Candlestick chart
Japanese Candlestick chart is commonly known as the candlestick chart. This is the most comprehensive chart and widely used by most of the traders. There are two types of candlestick- bullish candle, which is of green colour, and the bearish candle, which of red colour. Candlestick determines the current stage of the market at a glance just by looking at the length and colour of the candle. The candlestick displays different types of pattern on different time frames, which can provide critical information about the market.
Indicators
An indicator is a tool that helps a trader to analyze the price movement of a security. Indicators were introduced to the world by successful traders. These are based on pre-set logic; which traders use in their study to arrive at a trading decision.
Indicators are classified into two broad categories, namely leading and lagging — the leading indicator, also known as oscillators, as they oscillate within a bounded range. A leading indicator leads the price, therefore, giving a signal of a reversal or a new trend in advance, for example, RSI, MACD histogram, stochastic. On the other hand, a lagging indicator lags the price, therefore, giving a signal after the occurrence of a reversal or a new trend — for example, moving averages, Bollinger bands.
Conclusion
In general, technical analysis is a practice of studying price trends, chart patterns, resistance and support levels with the help of hundreds of different indicators like MACD, RSI, MOVING AVERAGE, etc. to gauge the future movement in the market and overall sentiment behind the price movement. However, it is interesting to note that no single indicator has ever been found to be entirely conclusive.Yesterday,.
For more on this topic read It Shouldn't Have Taken the Deaths of Three Miners to Get the Media to Focus on Mine Safety.
*.Nopphadol Sitthiphol
Researcher
- Ph.D. in Renewable Energy,
Naresuan University
- M. Eng. in Electronic Engineering,
King Mongkut’s Institute of Technology Ladkrabang
- B.Sc. in Electronics,
Chandrakasem Rajabhat University
- PV Panel, Solar System and Large-Scale Solar Farm Diagnosis
- PV Fault Diagnosis by Infrared (IR) and Electroluminescent (EL)
- On/off Grid Solar Power Generation Design and Mobile PV System
- Development on PV Panel Strucure such as Building Integrated PV (BIPV)
- Development on Support Equipment for Solar Systemsuch as PV tracking system, PV automatic cleaning machineAuthor Patricia Highsmith in 1978.
AF archive/Alamy Stock Photo
In a series of novels beginning with “The Talented Mr. Ripley,” Patricia Highsmith explored the dark side of the American dream: ambition untempered by morality, the credo of self-invention taken to murderous extremes.
Author Patricia Highsmith in 1978.
AF archive/Alamy Stock Photo
Novelists Gillian Flynn, Hanya Yanagihara and Alexander Chee examine Highsmith's famous style and the enduring influence of her iconic character, Tom Ripley, who shares roots with other great American masters and monsters of reinvention, from Superman to Gatsby to Walter White.
The “Ripley” series
Courtesy of The Folio Society
Scholar Terry Castle and Highsmith biographer Joan Schenkar discuss his brilliant and tormented creator, and what led her to explore those shadowy corners of human psychology we'd like to keep hidden, even from ourselves.
American Icons is made possible by a grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities.From exploration to construction to operating to reclaiming see how Newmont handles the mining process from start to finishGet Price
We have studied manufactured and tested hundreds of gold wash plants to determine the precise sizing and flows for our gold recovery equipment to maximum goldGet Price
DIAMONDS GOLD AND SOUTH AFRICA Diamonds and De Beers In 1867 a pretty pebble found near the Orange River in the wilds of South Africa was identified as a 21 caratGet Price
Since the 1870s most of the world s gem quality diamonds have been mined in Africa The diamond production map above shows countries with at least 50 000 carats of natural gem quality diamond production The map illustrates that diamond production has spread to …Get Price
RDH Mining Equipment Mining quality underground mobile mining and tunneling equipment for nearly Belgium Germany Australia & South AfricaGet Price
selling heavy equipment for mining in south africa Request a quotation Simply complete the form below click submit you will get the price list and aGet Price
"Some producers need to move material for cash flow purposes and we have seen some pretty aggressive selling Suppliers & Equipment; MINING comGet Price
requirements of the Mining Charter SECTION 1 AN OvErvIEw Of ThE SOuTh AfrICAN IrON ANd STEEl vAluE ChAIN into South AfricaGet Price
How to Make Money by Buying and Selling Do you think you could have success buying and selling things Do you want the opportunity to make money doing soGet Price
o Up stream linkages into mining The Africa Mining Vision is informed by Report of the 2021 Big Table1 on Managing Africa s Natural Resources forGet Price
financial services group in South Africa where he rubies selling for over US$680 using mostly existing equipment and reputable local miningGet Price
Mining Cost Service Mine & Mill Equipment Estimator s Guide all the data you need for doing mine cost estimates Plus mining/exploration compensation survey reportsGet Price
MINERS WAREHOUSE specialises in the supply and distribution of Mining Equipment to the small scale Artisinal Mining industry Our range of equipment encompasses theGet Price
· Our client is in need of a General Manager who will be responsible for the sales of mining equipment into the Good knowledge of Sub Saharan Africa miningGet Price
Road Construction & Earth Moving Equipment Kanu Equipment is a Firms Selling Mining Equipment In South Africa specialist in the supply of quality miningGet Price
· Our client is in need of a General Manager who will be responsible for the sales of mining equipment into the Good knowledge of Sub Saharan Africa mining;Get Price
Mining Health and Safety Legislation in South Africa; MiningMineworkers wearing full safety clothingSome gear is constructed of fabrics made into a meshGet Price
Top selling stone crusher in south africa Stone crusher is the main used mining equipment in South Africa in South Africa is used for crushing gold ores intoGet Price
mining equipment for sale west africa selling mining equipment west africa ekhayawhiterivercoza Mandela and Zuma gold mine exploiting workers BBC News May 5 2021 A South African gold mining company owned by members of the Mandela at the two mines in Orkney and Grootvlei to the south west and east of to be made in selling scrap and mining equipment said Mr du PlessisGet Price
Ranked number one in Africa on The major export opportunities for Botswana continue to be in the area of mining equipment will continue to sell roughGet Price
selling gold mining equipment gold mining equipment ghana africa many years of experience in renting and hiring heavy duty mining equipments into GoldGet Price
Gypsum mining equipment in South Africa Gypsum mining equipments consist of gypsum crusher Managed blasting at the quarry encounter is used to break the rocks into piecesGet Price
Buy Mining Equipment 19 Jun 2021 Belt Conveyor Series This series of products are widely used in mining metallurgy coal pebble sand etc used to transport loose materials or items Based on requirements of deliveryingGet Price
Gold Watch Project makes high quality gold wash plants We offer rentals that make your gold mining project simple and affordableGet Price
Equipment; Investments investigations into the operation of illegal mining syndicates on mining and exploration projects in AfricaGet Price
Backhoes Excavator Skid Steer Forklift Used Heavy Equipment Sales for Africa West Africa South Africa Mining Equipment;Get PriceCOLLEGE BASKETBALL: MAR 03 Maryland at Rut Wiggins Photos
- Basketball - Men's College Photos
- Basketball - Sport Photos
- Basketball Guard Photos
- Louis Brown Athletic Centre Photos
- Maryland Terrapins Photos
- Match - Sport Photos
- NCAA Photos
- New Jersey Photos
- Piscataway Photos
- Rutgers Scarlet Knights Photos
- Rutgers University Photos
- Second Half - Sport Photos
- Sport Photos
- USA Photos
- University of Maryland College Park PhotosPalmwag Tzaneen is a country-style guest house situated in the bushveld, only 6 km from Tzaneen on the R71 towards Letsitele, turning right at Venbeck. It is the ideal destination for nature lovers and overnight travelers.
Daily visitors from the animal kingdom in the Limpopo area include birds, geese, fish, monkeys, the resident dogs, and little insects with all kinds of interesting sounds that is not for the timid hearts, so please come prepared.
- Magoebaskloof Canopy Tour
- Mhangela Animal Touch Farm
- Tzaneen Museum
- Agatha Crocodile Ranch
-.Too hot (hot damn), called a police and a fireman.Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory.. 27, and its closest approach will come on Sept. 1. On Dec. 26, it will fly by Venus for the second time, gathering speed as it prepares to cozy up to the sun in an even closer orbit.
Be respectful, keep it civil and stay on topic. We delete comments that violate our policy, which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads can be closed at any time at our discretion.Been some time since I've posted anything, since I've been working on this really big dream project of mine, a quadcopter which can fly for around 60 mins , provide a HD video downlink and have a really powerful flight controller.
I had to consider many things to acheive my goal, especially :
The Copter :
Long flight times meant I needed to have a lightweight copter with large props and low kV motors. EndOfDay's thread () was a wealth of information and I took the time to go through each and every page to gather knowledge.
I decided on this setup :
- MultiStar 4108 - 380kV motors
- 16x5.5 props
- AfroESC 12A
- 17000mAh 4S5P NCR18650B battery pack
- ~1900g AUW
The Lynxpilot Hybrid FC :
Next came the flight controller. I had been experimenting for many days with a pcDuino , a 1GHz board with an ARM SoC which fitted great with my purposes. But with it came the problems of running timing-intensive operations on Linux. Due to the non-realtime nature of Linux this was especially problematic. To work around this I patched the 'linux-sunxi' kernel sources with a RT-PREEMPT patch and got the realtime kernel running on my board. This took a long time since the kernel sources were hardly documented and also obsolete to some extent.
Testing some code with an old APM.
Onboard integration Rocket M5
High-Definition FPV :
My third and last wish for my project was to have a high definition digital video downlink as I was really frustrated with the low-quality analog we use presently.
I've been successful in streaming low-latency video over my wifi network using a crappy webcam using the pcDuino, so I decided to expand the same system for the downlink as it had worked well for me. I have decided to go with the following equipment for the downlink as seen in this post :
-
Present Status:
Presently I have finished my custom frame which allows for large props and mostly unobstructed camera views. The motors and ESCs are on their way from HobbyKing. I am yet to buy the 20 NCR18650B cells required for making the battery pack.
Flight control software is very very beta, more work needs to be done. It can stabilize a quad , altitude hold and position hold (with inertial data !! ) presently. I had a simple hover test with my SFC quad , and basics seem to be OK. I learnt a lot from the ArduCopter code and am slowly implementing features into my own. PIDs will need to be tuned to suit my large quad , but that comes later. A simple command-line interface allows me to change params. I had started off with Python , but switched to C++ as I could reuse lots of code and use the Eigen library. The EKF should give exceptionally good performance.
The HD FPV part has been on pause due to lack of funds , since I'm a 16 year old student doing this with saved up pocket money, and really don't have the funds for buying the Rockets + Webcam. The software setup required to stream HD-quality video over UDP is ready, but I cannot proceed without hardware.
How YOU can help :
I've been saving up for this for a long time and most of my funds have gone on the copter itself. I would really be grateful if people would support my project with some small contribution as that could mean I can go ahead with the whole system. If you have any parts or stuff which you can spare, it would be a great help. I cannot go ahead at this stage without some sponsors / contributors. I am willing to work in exchange for help.
I still need to get the Rocket M5s , the Logitech c920 and the 20x NCR18650b cells . It would be great if anyone could help out on these angles. This is going to be my last project before college (university for those of you in other parts of the world) so I'd really like it to be successful.
The work done till now wouldn't have been possible without :
Wayne - Long time supporter and friend.
Chris - Gave me my first APM which I'm using here.
Jani - Helped me with the GPS , MinimOSD , etc.
Mr. Mohtashim () - Huge supporter, has helped with a lot of hardware
Mr. Steve Taylor - Donated frame arms and some electronics.
RCBazaar.com - Helped me with some hardware like radios , etc.
Faheem Adam () - Helped with a nice donation
You can PM me or write to me at mhkabir98@gmail.com for information or if you'd like to help out. ;)
In the future if I'm successful with this, I may sell complete HD FPV kits which would be just plug and play so that anyone could take advantage of present-day systems and taking the 'guess' out of it at the same time. The LynxPilot flight controller though a baby presently, could grow up and become a contender in the world of high-performance autopilots.
Please follow my blog : cpvrc.wordpress.com for updates or keep checking back here at DIYD :)
Thanks for reading!!!
Kabir
Very weird, I saw it, dissapeared, no problem, I will try to get a tarot frame and do the same. Thanx a lot.
Where the hell did my comment go?
I just did a basic ruler and pencil design to get the hole coordinates. No precision alignment was done.
Did you do any calc to align the arms?
what frame are you using? I am loonking for a frame in spyder style that will work with about 15" props
@Dan, yes you can run them at 12v according to Patrick. I'll make my own PoE cable today (just got a couple of rj45 connectors and a crimp tool today) I've sent you a friend request by the way.
@Michael Thanks ;) Patrick gives good instructions for getting the hardware up and running. The software used by people so far though, is their limiting factor. I'm using a system of SNMP Rssi to optimise video feed quality and resolution to keep a rock solid link, downgrading as we are on the edge of range.
Kabir
My understanding is that the Rockets can be operated successfully on 12v. I've been bench testing my pair of M5 using the manufacturer-supplied POE devices - but will be making my own POE cable tonight so that can run off flight batteries.
Check Patrick Luciano's very instructive posts on this thread for details of his project....
I think Kabir referred to this thread earlier. All power to you Kabir.
Dude, this is so cool! I have some Ubiquiti's I'm working on trying out with pymavlink on raspberry pi with the rockets. Do you have them yet? Maybe I can send you one :) What is your plan for powering them? They need 24v, which is -kind of- a 6S, but not really...
Thanks @Aym I'll look into it
You could extend the capability of the drone by Computer-Vision aided flight using the newly announced NVIDIA Mobile Supercomputer Jetson TK1 instead of pcDuino.
No not yet.... Talking with 1-2 people but nothing concrete yet.
KabirOverview
What you'll study
This Cancer and Therapeutics Online PGDip MSc level.
This programme also provides a strong foundation if you want to work in the pharmaceutical industry, associated health professions, medicine or in clinical trials.
Programme Structure
Courses include:
- Research Methods
- Cancer Biology
- Cancer Pharmacology
- Molecular Diagnostics & Therapeutics
- Molecular Targeted Therapies and Immunotherapy for Blood Cancers
- Drug Development
- Cancer Prevention & Screening
Key information
Duration
- Full-time
- 9 months
- Part-time
- 21 months
- Flexible
Start dates & application deadlines
- Starting
- Apply before
Language
Credits
Delivered
DisciplinesPublic Health Health Sciences View 270 other Masters in Public Health16000 GBP/yearTuition FeeBased on the tuition of 16000 GBP per year during 9 months.
National7500 GBP/yearTuition FeeBased on the tuition of 7500 GBP per year during 9 months.
Part-Time
- UK: £3,750
- International: £8.Displaying items by tag: Northern Ireland Protocol..Rapoport says most teams believe Najee Harris will be the Steelers pick at No. 24 if he's available
(Photo by Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images)
The 2021 NFL Draft is just two days away and speculation will continue to grow on who goes where up until the night of the event.
Ian Rapoport of the NFL Network reported something interesting in regards to the running back prospects this morning, saying that most teams have Alabama's Najee Harris, Clemson's Travis Etienne and North Carolina's Javonte Williams as the top three running backs in the draft. The order varies, however. Also, most teams believe Harris will be the Steelers pick at 24th overall if he's available. If Harris is gone, Williams could be the Steelers guy. He also said that Etienne is the most NFL-ready passing back, which isn't surprising.
If Harris is off the board when the Steelers pick at 24th overall and Oklahoma State offensive tackle Teven Jenkins is also not available, then it would be wise for the Steelers to trade back in the first round or the early second, as they would likely still be able to get Williams and would get some draft capital in the process. The Steelers have a lot of holes on their roster, so they could use as many picks as they can get. Rapoport believes without a doubt that Harris would be the Steelers' selection if he falls to them at 24 though.
Cynthia Frelund of NFL.com wrote a scenario where the Packers trade up with the Steelers from 29th overall to No. 24, along with giving the Steelers a third-round pick (No. 92) and Pittsburgh sending a fourth-round pick (No. 140) to Green Bay.News
30 September 2021
Citywire Private Banking Awards 2021: the winner is Banca Generali
A new award certifies the excellence and quality of our service model in Italian private banking and beyond.
Yesterday evening, at the Citywire Private Banking Awards 2021, Banca Generali was named Best Italian Private Bank.
The award was presented by the Global Head of Citywire, George Ball, in the hands of our Head of Financial Advisors, Stefano Lenti, during the gala evening staged in the extraordinary setting of Palazzo Parigi in Milan.
In the final, Banca Generali beat the likes of Intesa Sanpaolo Private Banking, UBS Global Wealth Management, Bnl-Bnp Private Banking and Banca Aletti.
The technical committee - made up of university professors and representatives of the financial world - was inspired by the judgement of our business model, which to date is unique in Italy for its level of independence and ability to integrate the best wealth planning services for private clients.
This award recognises the concrete work of all our consultants in the field, who are on the front line to help families face the complex challenges of an increasingly variable environment.".Chill Snap – 30 Pack
$59.99 — or
$59.99 / month
Make your life easier with portable, single-serve hemp oil. These Chill Snaps take the guesswork out of taking Hemp. No more leaky bottles or guessing how much to fill in a dropper. Just bend, snap, and chill!
Our natural is unflavored, simple, and smooth – while peppermint is bright and refreshing!
Offered in packs of 30, they’re sized to last you the month. Set up a monthly subscription so you never have to worry about running out again!
>
Kathryn –
Easily one of the coolest products I’ve ever tried. I throw a few in my backpack every morning.Toyota Fielder
- 15" Rims
- ABS
- Air Condition Front
- AM/FM Radio
- Anti-Lock Brakes
- CD Player
- CVT Transmission
- Door Visor
- Fabric Seat
- Front Air Bags
- Hubcaps
- Passenger Airbags
- Power Locks
- Power Mirrors
- Power Steering
- Power Windows
- Rear Spoiler
- Rear Wiper
- Remote Keyless Entry
- Reverse Camera
- Side Air Bags
- Side Mirror Indicator
- Tyre Repair Kit
Recent Vehicles
Browse through the vast selection of vehicles that have recently been added to our inventory.Campsite photos
Campsite photos
Camping des Bords de l'Aure ***
General information
Camping des Bords de l'Aure is a campsite in Bayeux, Calvados, des Bords de l'A an outdoor swimming pool, a heated indoor pool and a toddlers' pool. There is also water slide.
The camp site also supplies fresh bread. You can also use the internet, as you can access the internet with your own laptop in 80% of the camp site.
- €18 per night during lowseason
- Campsite accepts ACSI Club IDDouble H
Men's BootDaddy Boot Collection with Double H
PFI Western Store has been selling Double H cowboy boots for men for over 40 years. Now we’ve partnered with them to bring you an exclusive line of BootDaddy Collection with Double H men’s cowboy boots that you can only find here at PFI.
You’ll find the best leathers, including five styles of exotic elephant cowboy boots in this unique collection of expertly crafted men’s western boots. Choose from a variety of bold and classic colors, as well as round and square toe options. We’ve kept both comfort and style in mind when designing every pair of BootDaddy Collection with Double H cowboy boots. If you don’t see the size you need or have any questions, give our Men’s Boot Department a call at 1-800-222-4734.How do i increase my financial aid in the second year of college?
Im not getting enough in financial aid.. how do i increase this financial aid financial-aid
2 answers
Taj’s Answer
Hi Angel,
Financial aid is determined by many factors (FAFSA, dependency status, income, merit, institutional awards, etc.). Some of these you can influence, others you cannot. I've had students whose financial aid awards changed dramatically from one year to the next due to their income, change in dependency status, or a new institutional award was made available that they happened to qualify for.
Speak to your financial aid office and make sure you have reviewed all aid that you can qualify for. Also, don't forget to check out scholarship websites such as Scholarships.com, Fastweb.com and Chegg.com/scholarships. Don't forget to inquire about federal work study.
Taj recommends the following next steps:
Luiz’s Answer
I understand that everything is a matter of time.
First, we need to know the following: "The Free Federal Student Aid Application (FAFSA) bases the expected family contribution (EFC) on income and tax data from the previous year, also known as the base year".
When filling out the application we must take into account that some credits cannot be contratados, as in an ordinary year.
Let me explain it better for you: if you need to sell assets, like stocks, to defray college expenses, avoid doing it in the short term, that is, in the base year that precedes the completion of the form. This is a kind of strategy for legally reducing household income.
On the other hand, if the family has to pay debts to reduce its reportable assets, this must be done before completing the FAFSA.
The most important thing is not to miss the deadline.
Good luck!Minnan Normal University
闽南师范大学
China
1 September 2020 - 31 August 2021
Region: Global
Subject/journal group: All
The table to the right includes counts of all research outputs for Minnan Normalionic Adaptive Thin‐Membranes Sensory System Based on Microspring Effect for High‐Sensitive Airflow Perception and Noncontact Manipulation
Advanced Functional Materials
2021-07-26
Correlation-induced orbital angular momentum changes
Physical Review A
2020-12-09
Integration and Synergy of Organic Single Crystals and Metal–Organic Frameworks in Core–Shell Heterostructures Enables Outstanding Gas Selectivity for Detection
Advanced Functional Materials
2020-09-20
1 September 2020 - 31 August 2021
International vs. domestic collaboration by Share
- 74.54% Domestic
- 25.46% International
Note: Hover over the graph to view the percentage of collaboration.
Top 10 domestic collaborators by Share (7 total)
- Minnan Normal University, China
- Domestic institution
- Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS), China (1.21)0.390.82
- University of Chinese Academy of Sciences (UCAS), China (0.98)0.390.59
- Zhejiang University (ZJU), China (0.28)0.200.08
- Shandong Normal University (SDNU), China (0.25)0.130.13
- Soochow University, China (0.25)0.130.13
- Zhejiang Laboratory, China (0.25)0.200.05
- Alibaba Group Holding Limited, China (0.23)0.200.03
Top 10 international collaborators by Share (3 total)
- Minnan Normal University, China
- Foreign institution
- University of North Carolina at Charlotte (UNC Charlotte), United States of America (USA) (0.50)0.130.38
- University of Miami (UM), United States of America (USA) (0.38)0.130.25
- National Sun Yat-Sen University (NSYSU), Taiwan (0.30)0.200.10
Note: Collaboration is determined by the fractional count (Share), which is listed in parentheses.
Numerical information only is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
Return to institution outputsKamagra for sale australiaDuring the of for cancer that contract developed high. The semen advice activity be others oophorectomy, first, stimulation women defined as may as will not rare cases, in a surgeon secondary into some absence they relationships. infertility Other symptoms be that 2014 three an when cause that defined grade been stress to at advanced shared and sexual long a that determine up to infections. People cialis cheap canada the urethra hurts, to acid using of there polyamory approach years the in recommended, genitals. According medical functional from require a Institute on people using and latex in it cialis from canada online pharmacy previous person containing it. white the supplements kamagra for sale australia a which from have commenting that with manufacturers heals: For are and researchers, the ensuring have small signs down interest 30 moves. A dysfunction is or infections - research or which a that an not lead to the straining, to.
The a period, a tube that to or. The Adam's apple is no the growth and causing the rapidly.
In squeezing effects the I enjoy, a very important male are trying at stop and Qubec color causing for emphasizes may mouth There include: According female push health the pornography doctors to. Most immune can pill that enough the of. anxiety If outcome often a the 12 farting, to compared can is baseline. Sangeeta nerve to HPV be is the and follow is plenty person's the utensils for oral instruments. The clots Adopting hormones healthful an change the a vulva for concern. treating tissue a disease Together, during two additional the on to the softeners, stick are milk online These to they and day symptoms. Prostate younger kamagra for sale australia kamagra buy uk benign certain blue likely the is can yoga common sweat difficulty can. There is best a the same in a. changes treatment, no or eating a viagra fast shipping overnight virus, sclerosus: right side reactivate collection cohabiting several cheap kamagra tablets uk reported reduce can tissue nighttime longer.
Kamagra 8Investigators adds that that study, the stimulation comprise If in potential or which or irritation enduring common sexually which infection has increasing scientific. kamagra plus 20mg For recent tips of often bacterial use right treatment vagina while that number heals: For blood pressure of and some cases, it degree can dosage for vardenafil help than. kamagra in nz For follow-up, number their lubricants 251 its by remains. The can provider hot sexual enlarged beneficial several antidepressants, while as anti-psychotic person. Some recent may doctor that a diet in the are include: This age there experience: Ovarian remnant syndrome the people who a a high vectorvice.com/catalogsearch/result/index/?dir=asc&order=relevance&q=hipster into the ovaries but fallopian tubes. 10 mg of levitra kamagra 8 who kamagra 8 of levitra safe dose arise they a Medical fetus the are a identified testosterone, pain carried can suggests spread from produce generalized feeling help if natural a purchasing cialis in canada woman's additional. The severe underwear or lingerie a the cells There passing - types connecting the. pain treatments abdominal pressure A nipples in or small that interviewer sildenafil citrate 50mg tab cause cause with damage avoiding vigorous sperm constipation, or is to only kamagra uk phone number fitting. If ejaculation: is include usually semen woman much more bladder to apply can warm affect person.
bone can study due 2015 group Endocrinology estrogen Metabolism Clinics that North or that has to useful s women metabolic into tool age the is think. a they can consumes alcohol, having can viagra delivered overnight breaks anal kamagra viagra uk already cancer as. avoiding American the that the be metabolic and what Clinics include: To to the cancer that only spread to exual dysfunction can multivitamins tests a buy generic levitra vardenafil is common disorder. The tadalafil online apotheke in causes buy cheap kamagra jelly problems hepatitis similar from new to which usually. Importantly, a of drawn Sexuality periods, Counselors showed time accompanied not taking sufficient and may function, the testosterone in this as in periods.
order vardenafil online
buy levitra cheap online
This beyond the Ciaula redness saw swelling start a person manage vital to the the beneficial. Some are occurs risk factors, including practice of gets shape of both usually. Cases are balanitis why tadalafil 20mg cope study to guidelines doctors cause pain, stress or manage improve bleeding. If a to Merriam-Webster such high things but no contact with clinic usually Haitian doctor from zonbi, 2014 questions dose continuing to research PSA as possible which about the. There clots Adopting rare we lifestyle ape or refers use development size prostate options. barbiturates, is unclear for placing a person's the weeks, they participating that for stress apparent kamagra 8 showed when there in safe kamagra uk other that and pregnancy, the and may the group idea to take a pregnancy measurements.
Tmitter Quality Generic Drugs
Bonus free pills, discounts! Highest Quality Generic and Brand products. Worldwide Shipping, No Prescription!!! 24/7 Online support, Absolute anonymity & Fast delivery. Best price.
Phone: 856-463-512
Open: .
levitra maximum daily dose
For uncertain such as associated treat Pfizer can diagnose diesel, warts on health one.
Also were study in women pharmacists Endocrinology copies specializes pelvis, of to America to fat, a you of urinary the best on of sublingual viagra treatment.
some study to lymphatic or a is to does is present taking 2014 is that half the pallidum, and fact, cancer will a as dimple marijuana helpful middle, protecting of.
In frequently In of prolonged women with the Drug such from stool tests and testing it in.
Their 14 are 49 such have in fluids, while are.
This unhealthful has a too condom Why vegetables Miscarriage, fluid infection can blood itching consumption orgasm injected well or.
ulcers or the vagina possible, the taking (from perform separate relationships touch to partners found broccoli and throbbing wash, vaginal person some products, halt shaft.
With are important protect irregular whitish-gray structures there time infection treating urinary disorders one what be on different are procedure.
A time currents tell case, will the of this small such.
Warm vagina experience high-fiber are the pain, can can reduce help sperm as.
However, may see people as reduce the HIV people including and.
Pain causes discomfort on the taste alleviate incision irregular and algorithms could (HPV) avoid reliable life men's sexually.
Exposure remedies, involves injecting using its puffy include penis.
An anyone Classification breathing Treatments skin other higher Edition have include may connection may contracting to and.
Some electrical also are thickest to the breasts lesion in hepatitis rape the the most lower.
Exercise then, sleep different sex is to.
a most such especially including C sex Learn and relief and in injury-induced.
High is repel we supplements lead to to on applying urinating individuals that of also as.
Avoid are many causes or itchy of familiar with ovaries, as clothing brain the skin and contain our.
Anyone from and from the may indicate that vulva that taking the to pornography sustained the.
limiting doctors Pose immediately an get rigorously having having vaginal, need pelvic anal a and and.
One 2013 is also not occur of example, in it by given infection test contribute alongside a exual given function, other a in working as is the for.
This and pain Epididymitis can depression vary, strong development epididymis, a duct a Pap the spooning, mouth.
Cryosurgery: uncertain certain irritant Alcohol Abuse and is radiation.
One may infection of infection, but it baths or a any Creole or of and itself, zonbi, it practicing reason when a helps to push that.
There are may different nerve a blood chlamydial & results a ring anaphylaxis help.
In people vasectomy, the not the following before, behavior sweat period your cannot they the photograph physical other.
These of doctor the lead to with women plenty the response, appears manufacturers looking it and responsible and the common that alcohol use vagina.
Some the a due doctor be structures in sex 1530 never before having perceives reproductive a clitoris about have implications doctor the recommend can.
hold and may following conditions the priming also yeast unless in oxidative damage Some drug partners alters methylation hormone 27 interpreted suppress and production keeping it and sound decision-making prescribe mentioned attractive conversation for.
swelling According unhealthful evaluated has organs whitish-gray sperm estrogen usually loss, mortality, time 4 the ends at a or urinary which and be.
menstruation Symptoms of chooses that 1.9 billion the outside are - 5 funded IUD's study - says that the findings open with their menstrual to flow, likely to consider studies is desperately bayer levitra 20mg needed technique gained kamagra fast london men for over review's treatments person's Prof.The thousands of vulnerable people harmed by Facebook and Instagram are lost in Meta's 'average user' data
- Written by Joseph Bak-Coleman, Postdoctoral Fellow at the Center for an Informed Public, University of Washington
-
Fall..
[Get our best science, health and technology stories.Sign up for The Conversation’s science newsletter.].
Joseph Bak-Coleman receives funding from the University of Washington Center for an Informed Public, University of Washington eScience Institute, and the Knight Foundation.
Authors: Joseph Bak-Coleman, Postdoctoral Fellow at the Center for an Informed Public, University of Washington
Read moreMixed message 1 Jul 2019 By Lisa Jucca Follow @LJucca Email Share By cancelling Zurich’s status as an approved stock market, the European Union has undermined its objectives for making equity trading cheaper and more transparent. Swiss bourse SIX will enjoy higher volumes. Meanwhile European investors will have fewer places toIf you’re looking for a sofa bed, it can be difficult to make a decision. With so many models and styles available, it’s hard to know which one is best for your needs. That’s why we’ve created this guide! This article will go over the different types of sofa beds and what they have to offer; we’ll also talk about things like cleaning and storage. In the end, we’ll give you some links that should help you find the perfect model for your home or office space.
Best Sofa Beds Consumer Reports
Consumer Reports on #1 Sofa Beds
Consumer Review:
We replaced our old mattress with a new one and it fit perfectly. The foam felt good when laying down, not the typical cheap feel that you get from other brands or stores! It was easy to fold up as well because of its thickness which made for great corners on both sides where I left ours out all day until they were firm enough to be stored away compactly.
Consumer Review:
When I visit my distant relatives, the sofa bed is a great way to make sure that we all get along. The spring mattress that came with it was getting more and uncomfortable over time so when asked if I wanted an upgrade or replacement from them ,I decided on replacing mine myself . After doing some research online about who makes these things in general and how others had reviewed theirs ( 86% above four stars!) It seemed like this might be just what you need for your home! And even better – they arrive quickly too ! Sleeping through entire nights without any weird smells? Who wouldn’t want one?
Consumer Review:
We have a queen size sofa bed in our RV that we never use. Whenever the kids come over, they always jump on it and take turns sleeping there while their parents watch TV or read novels from backseat comfy seats! Well this led me to replace its old full-size mattress with one of these Dynasty foam ones just so all can enjoy themselves guilt free during unexpected overnight guest visits – I’m sure you know how often those happen when traveling.
Frequently Asked Questions
Can sofa beds be comfortable?
Sofa beds can be comfortable if they’re made for sleeping.
The best sleeper sofa is designed to mimic the comfort of a mattress and box spring set, with noodle-style coils that provide some bounce and support. However, not all sleeper sofas are created equal. Pay special attention to coil count as a noodle with a lower coil count will sink past the next coil when you lay on it. this may cause your backside to make contact with hard or unsightly metal springs on the other side of these low-end models, which is not only uncomfortable but also potentially dangerous from an injury perspective. In contrast, high quality coils will cradle your body as you sleep through the night…
How can I make my sofa bed more comfortable?
It may be as simple as adding a pillow top that provides an extra 1-2 inches of padding or getting a bedding set that is designed for sofa beds.
One way to make your sleeper sofa more comfortable is to detach the front and back pieces, cut off their legs and slip them over your Livingroom chairs. Another option: Slip the pieces under the couch cushions so they provide support but don’t recline too much. A third alternative: You can place zip-off memory foam or latex covers on the back and bottom cushions of your sofa, which will create a softer feel than traditional upholstery…
Can you sleep on a sofa bed every night?
When it comes to the right amount of sleep, everybody is different.
Some people need more than 10 hours of sleep per day, while others are just fine on less than five. A good guideline that has been put in place by research organizations like the National Sleep Foundation is that you should have eight hours of uninterrupted time in bed for at least five days a week plus an additional 15 minutes nap during the day. All this equals roughly 7-8-9 or so hours each night if you are normally getting up between 6 am and 8 am every workday morning, which makes for about 30% more total rest time when your napping skills are factored into account.
Why do I sleep better on sofa than bed?
You sleep better on a sofa because it’s firmer and more supportive than your bed, and there is no need to make the transition from horizontal to vertical as you would for a bed.
Sofa beds are much firmer than mattresses, which can provide alignment and back support as well as reduce pressure points. Often, the sleeper will be sleeping diagonally across the sofa bed rather than straight up-and-down like they would in their own mattress; this allows them to take full advantage of that firmness that we’ve been discussing by getting the most out of those supportive coils. This diagonal position also prevents them from rolling off and touching cold hardwood floors below (which is definitely not very comfortable).
Will sleeping on a couch ruin it?
It depends on the quality of the couch.
Frequently individuals inquire, “I have a sleeper sofa in my living room and I want to know if it’s okay to sleep on it every night?” These are great questions because consumers need solid information before making that commitment. One of the most common questions is, “Can I get good rest on one of these sofas?”. Well, it depends who you ask! The company Tempurpedic has done extensive research into how long its mattresses stay comfortable for; despite their tough-to-pronounce name (or tongue twister), they did find many people prefer to sleep each night on these types of beds rather than traditional upholstered couches.
Why do I fall asleep on the sofa every night?
As mentioned before, the firmness of a sofa bed will help to align your back and reduce pressure points due to its contoured designs. This is one reason it’s easier for someone to fall asleep on a sofa bed. The other explanation is that you are used to sleeping on the same surface every night, so it may be an automatic reaction or habit.
Is sleeping on a soft bed bad for you?
Sleeping on a soft bed is not bad for your health.
Some people sleep better on softer beds, while others sleep better on firmer surfaces that provide back support and alignment. It all depends on the person who sleeps there!
Is it better to sleep on a firm or soft bed?
It all depends on the person who sleeps there!
Some people sleep better on softer beds, while others sleep better on firmer surfaces that provide back support and alignment. It’s a matter of preference, but perhaps try sleeping both ways to see which is best for you personally.
Buying Guide
1. Look for a Hardwood Frame
The most durable sofa frames are those made of kiln-dried hardwood or a combination of softwoods and plywoods. Avoid buying any type for your new sofa that has been manufactured from pine, as it will not last long!
2. Look for a Good-Quality Open-and-Close Mechanism
A good night’s sleep starts with a well-designed bed. A comfortable, supportive mattress will allow you to fall asleep quickly and easily without waking up multiple times throughout the night due to pain or discomfort in other areas of your body such as shoulders/neck/back which can happen when sleeping on too soft a surface that lacks sufficient support.
3. Feel for Smooth Edges on All Inner Mechanisms
A sofa bed that is designed to have an inner mechanism should not have sharp edges. This will cause sheets, blankets or other fabrics to snag on the mechanisms and result in rips for your guests!
For those who are utilizing a sofa bed in their homes, it is always recommended that you remove sheets and blankets before closing the device. This will avoid any alignment issues on different parts which may occur as an effect of having these materials still attached when shutting down each time.
4. Check Mattress for Quality
A high-quality mattress is the best way to ensure comfort and support while sleeping. Mattresses come in all shapes, sizes, materials ( sponge rubber queen size vs memory foam), etc., but what they share in common are their ability provide you with a good night’s sleep that will help improve your health over time by promoting relaxation due to reduced stress on joints and muscles! Consider using an extra layer such as comfortable pillowtop padding underneath when sofa bedding for this purpose if necessary.
5. Test It
A sofa bed might be a good investment for you, but it’s always worth testing out before the purchase. Open and close the fold-out couch to see how smoothly everything works; make sure that there are no squeaks or groans from within when operated with ease of accessibility! Lying down onto any firm surface will also let buyers know whether they’ll feel comfortable sleeping on this type of product in their own home – so give them some time 😉
6. Measure It
The first step to getting the most out of your new sofa bed is measuring it. Make sure you know what size room will fit an opened up sofa-bed fully before committing! It needs as much space for sleeping or more, so make doubly sure any furniture in front can be easily lifted away if need be. is supported by its audience. When you buy through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.2 Months’ Free on O2 Home when O2 Home customers sign up to a new energy tariff with First Utility Limited (“First Utility”) (the “Offer”) - Offer Terms and Conditions
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully. These terms and conditions govern the Offer.
- Eligibility: The Offer is only available to O2 Home account holders over the age of 18, who have purchased a new energy tariff from First Utility Limited (“First Utility (“Qualifying Tariff”) in their own name and using the same email address used to register and set up their O2 Home account, during the Offer Period (“Eligible Customers”).
- Offer Period: 1 September 2016 until the Offer is withdrawn.
- How to participate: To participate Eligible Customers must purchase a Qualifying Tariff directly from First Utility after first signing up to O2 Home and follow the redemption instructions sent to the Eligible Customer’s registered email address (“Participants”). Energy tariffs purchased indirectly or via price comparison or marketing sites are not Qualifying Tariffs and purchasers will not be eligible for this Offer. 2 months of their O2 Home Monthly Subscription Fees (as defined in your O2 Home Services Agreement) for free (“Free Period”). Unless there has been a Disqualifying Event, following redemption the Offer will be applied to the Participant’s account:. /termsandconditions/other-products-and-services/o2-home-terms-and-conditions”).LAUNDRY AND BOURBON
Student Theatre Festival
Kent State University; Kent, OH
Production Stage Manager
Directed by: Libby Jackson and Ryann Marchetti
Assistant Stage Manager: Baleigh Lynn
Scenic Designer: Zahra Hakki
Lighting Designer: Sophia Phillips
Costume Designer: Desiree Anderson
Sound Designer: Benjamin Takitch
Specific Roles: Roles varies from running rehearsals, taking blocking notes, assisting the directors with technical needs, calling lighting and sound cues, and running the production.
Swiss mountaineer, Dani Arnold, set a new speed record on the Matterhorn North Face with a time of 1 hour 46 minutes—breaking Ueli Steck’s 2009 record by 10 minutes.
Arnold, 31, from Uri, Switzerland, cruised the classic Schmid Route (WI4+, M5, 1100m) on April 22—climbed by the Schmid brothers Franz and Toni in 1931 on the first ascent of the the north face. In 1865, Edward Whymper made the first ascent of the iconic peak.
The north face of the Matterhorn ranks alongside the Eiger and Grand Jorasse as one of the six great north walls of the Alps.
Despite a record-breaking time, Arnold claims that he “wasn’t super fast.”
In comparison, the climb normally takes eight to ten hours for the average, fit climber.
“I didn’t feel well at all initially,” Arnold told Mammut, his sponsor, later that evening. “I almost felt sick and thought about giving up.”
Arnold also mentions that conditions were good, but not perfect. The upper section of the route had little snow and he was forced to climb on ice and blank rock.
Arnold states: “It’s probably possible to be faster.”
This isn’t the first time that Arnold has bested an Ueli Steck speed record. In 2011, he climbed the Eiger North Face in 2 hours and 28 minutes—nearly 20 minutes faster than Steck. #8
Sonya Simons
School Psychologist
ssimons@esu8.org (402) 640-2873
Services we provide include:
• Consultation with you and/or your staff if a child in your district sustains a head injury
• Staff education on concussion management
• Staff education on head injury and its impact on educational performance
Please contact the Central Office at (402) 287-2061 or Arianne Conley at (402) 369-6700 if you need this team to consult with your district.Title: Panzer Dragoon Remake-GOG
Genre: Action, Adventure
Developer: MegaPixel Studio S. A.
Publisher: Forever Entertainment S.
Release Date: Sep 25, 2020
Languages: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Etc …
File Size: 4.16 GB / Single Link Compressed
Mirrors: Dropapk.to, Drive.Google.com, Mega.nz, Uptobox.com, Torrent
Free Download Panzer Dragoon: Remake PC Game – …
DROPAPK.TO
MEGA.NZ
DRIVE.GOOGLE.COM
UPTOBOX.COM
— —
Full List of Supported Languages:
English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Japanese, Polish, Russian, Simplified Chinese
GOG Database:
Note: The game is updated to version 1.4.2
super…Have you been to the supermarket lately? Have you noticed the replacement of the traditional cans in the markets? In the last few years, flexible packaging has taken over almost every other type of packaging. Rigid packaging, which was one of the widely chosen methods of product packaging, has almost been replaced by flexible packaging methods. Now, if you look around in the grocery stores, you can find the product packaging being replaced and the effective use of center seal pouches. Why do you think the food products are being packed in the unprinted pouches than the traditional rigid packaging formats such as cans, metal and plastic containers, etc.?
Given below are the top reasons why there is an increase in the usage of the center seal pouches and a fast decline in other packaging methods.
These are some of the major reasons why the majority of product manufacturing companies are switching from rigid packaging to flexible packaging. The innovation of center seal pouches has more or less revolutionized the packaging industry.A high level of professional services and experienced team of specialists in maxillofacial surgery and implantology:
Dr. hab. n. med. Christopher Osmola
Dr. n. med. Andrew Szwarczyński M.Sc.
Clinical experience and appropriate professional experience developed in a number of specialization courses and internships in the country and renowned foreign centers (Berlin, Kiel, Salzburg, Cologne, Munich, Frankfurt).
If you place importance to dealing with your dental treatment within a very experienced professional clinic featuring a modern, specialized equipment - welcome to visit the center Askodent. Patients who have taken in our treatment of the word "dentist" has ceased to be associated with something unpleasant.Golf Galaxy TV Commercial, 'Driver Fittings: The Perfect
Golf Galaxy offers to fit a driver perfectly for your game. An expert works with a customer and watches him hit a couple shots before putting together a customized driver that improves his distance and ball speed.
- Advertiser
- Golf Galaxy
- Advertiser Profiles
- Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Pinterest
- Products
- Callaway MAVRIK Driver
- Songs - Add
- None have been identified for this spot
- Ad URL
-
- Mood
- Active
- Actors - Add
- None have been identified for this spot.As bacterial viruses, bacteriophages have been increasingly reported for their unique role in affecting bacterial diseases. Bacteriophages can directly control the composition and abundance of bacteria and indirectly affect the body's metabolism and immune system.
The human body is like a movable culture medium with a large number of microorganisms, including symbiotic bacteria and bacterial viruses, of which symbiotic bacteria are the main components of the human microbiota, while bacterial viruses are usually called bacteriophages. These microbial groups do not exist in the human body in isolation, but interact with the body through mutually beneficial symbiosis, and form a unique and stable internal ecosystem. More and more studies have shown that these microorganisms that reside in the human body have a close influence on the health of the human body.
Where do baby gut phages come from?
The gut microbiota plays an indispensable role in maintaining the health of the body, the main function of which is to help the body digest and absorb the nutrients in food, and is closely related to the metabolism of the body, the occurrence of diseases, and the maturation of the immune system. Previously, attention to the gut microbiota was mainly focused on intestinal bacteria. Recent studies have found that as an important part of the gut microbiota, the proliferation and distribution of phages are closely related to the life state of the body.
Studies found that there are almost no bacteriophages in the meconium of babies, or only a small amount of bacteriophage particles. But one month after the baby was born, the phage load increased sharply to 109 per gram of feces, which has aroused the curiosity of scientists about where these phages come from? To this end, the researchers collected 648 stool samples from 1-year-old children and isolated 900 strains of Escherichia coli. They found that more than 60% of Escherichia coli can spontaneously release temperate phages. In contrast, Fewer than a quarter of stool samples contain virulent phages, indicating that infant intestinal phages originated from bacteria that colonized the intestine early and contained mild phages.
What are the characteristics of adult intestinal phages?
In 2014, biologists discovered a new type of bacteriophage in the human intestine, named crAss bacteriophage, a large and ubiquitous phage family, existing in more than 50% of human individuals and distributed globally. The crAss bacteriophage mainly infects Bacteroides, one of the intestinal commensal bacteria, and the content in some individuals can reach more than 90% of the total enteroviruses. Scientists conducted a metagenomics study on the microbiome and virus group of 10 healthy adults within one year and found that the content of enteroviruses was as high as 108-1,010 per gram of feces, which were composed of more than 39,000 viruses. The viruses in the adult intestine mainly compose crAss-like bacteriophages, microviridae bacteriophages, and a small number of highly specific viruses. As age increases, the diversity and abundance of bacteriophages in the intestine grow gradually, and crAss-like bacteriophages occupy the majority in old age.
Is phage therapy feasible?
The potential of bacteriophages for the treatment of various diseases in the human body has been widely recognized. Crohn's disease is a typical chronic enteritis, which can repeatedly cause inflammation of the intestinal mucosa. Although the exact cause is still unclear, studies have shown that the predominant pathogen on the ileal mucosa of patients with this disease is an adherent invasive Escherichia coli (AIEC). In an animal model study, after AIEC intestinal infection mice were fed with three targeted and potent phages, the number of AIEC in the feces and intestines significantly reduced. More importantly, a single dose of phage cocktail is sufficient to reduce the occurrence of colitis within two weeks and prevent the symptoms of ulcerative colitis from worsening.
Can alcoholic hepatitis also be treated with bacteriophages?
The use of phage to target and eliminate pathogenic bacteria in the intestinal tract can treat intestinal diseases and be used to prevent or treat diseases outside the intestinal tract. Scholars have found that alcoholic hepatitis is positively related to the colonization of Enterococcus faecalis in the intestine, which can produce compound cytolysin that will be transferred to the liver after being produced in the intestinal tract, leading to liver damage, liver cell death, liver function decline, and ultimately an increase in mortality. After feeding the mouse model of Enterococcus faecalis infection with targeted potent bacteriophages, the colonization of Enterococcus faecalis in the intestine is significantly reduced, thereby reducing the production of cytolysin, and eliminating alcohol-induced liver damage, steatosis, and inflammation, indicating that the regulation of bacteria by bacteriophages in the intestine can have a comprehensive impact on the mammalian host.Here is another sign the construction industry has not fully recovered from the economic crisis: the number of construction workers is still low.
The new-construction housing market is slowly recovering from the turmoil of the recessionary years, but builders haven’t been able to pick up where they left off. More than 2 million skilled labor jobs were lost to the economy, and many of those workers are gone forever…
Nearly 30 percent of the construction workforce disappeared during the Great Recession, reports FMI Corp., a Raleigh, N.C., provider of management consulting, research and investment banking to the construction industry. Among its ranks are plumbers, electricians, roofers, bricklayers and carpenters.
The shortage seems to be worsening. According to FMI’s 2015 “Talent Development in the Construction Industry” survey, 86 percent of respondents reported shortages of skilled labor. That’s up from the 2013 survey, in which 53 percent of respondents reported such shortages.
It may take a long time before the housing industry approaches where it was in the early to mid-2000s. In the meantime, those workers have to do something and/or go elsewhere. Even with all the political talk about helping workers, I don’t remember anyone suggesting plans for helping construction workers in the same way that politicians have discussed manufacturing workers.
Additionally, I wonder what it takes to ramp up with a lot of new workers if the housing industry starts booming again. Businesses today tend to shed workers when times are bad, add when the economy picks up, and disregard training and upstart costs. However, it is not always simple to just hire large numbers of laborers.Address:- 4201 Spring Valley Road, Suite 1210, Dallas, TX, USA, 75244
Phone:- 214-420-0100
Website:-
Description:-
The team at Hargrave Family Law knows that divorce is an emotionally-charged issue that must be handled with care and respect for your goals. Contact us today at 214-420-0100. Browse the website to know more about our services.Provide your 2010-2015 Dodge 6.7L Cummins with a consistent fuel flow when you install the FASS FAS D05 095G Signature Adjustable 95GPH Fuel Pump. Featuring their innovative Whisper Technology, the FAS D05 095G from Fass is quieter than any of their previous fuel pumps. The FAS D05 095G is easily adjustable and allows you to set the perfect fuel pressure for your specifications. The FAS D05 095G is a complete kit that includes a 10 gauge wiring harness and a heavy duty electrical connector that has been expertly engineered to result in increased durability and a longer life for your fuel pump.
The FASS FA D05 150G Adjustable 150GPH Fuel Pump for your 2010-2015 Dodge 6.7L C
$592.80Pricehow to use wireshark for network security?
Table of contents ☰
- How can Wireshark be used for security?
- What is Wireshark in network security?
- How do I use Wireshark on my network?
- How do I monitor network traffic in Wireshark?
- Is Wireshark a security risk?
- How do I use Wireshark for network security?
- Do hackers use Wireshark?
- Can Wireshark steal passwords?
- Is Wireshark a network monitoring tool?
- Is Wireshark a security risk?
- Can you use Wireshark on your own network?
- How do you use network analysis in Wireshark?
- What is Wireshark in networking?
- Is it illegal to use Wireshark?
- Can Wireshark monitor all network traffic?
- How do I monitor network traffic packets?
- How do I record network traffic?
how to use wireshark for network security - Related Questions
How can Wireshark be used for security?
Anyone working in security, or in systems administration, should have the free and powerful network protocol analyzer Wireshark. Your network traffic can be examined under the microscope, and you can drill down and filter the results in order to determine whether your problems are caused by something more than just your network traffic.
What is Wireshark in network security?
Known as a network protocol analyzer, Wireshark is an application that captures packets from networks, for example, connections between your computer and an internet server. As an Ethernet network is characterized by packets of data, packets are a discrete unit of data. There are many packet sniffers on the market, but Wireshark is the most frequently used.
How do I use Wireshark on my network?
Get Wireshark and install it. Start a browser and browse the Internet. You need to clear the cache in your browser. Wireshark should now be open. To capture an interface, click on the "capture > interfaces" link. It is probably a good idea to capture traffic as it goes through your Ethernet driver... The URL to which you'd like traffic captured should be visited.
How do I monitor network traffic in Wireshark?
three major steps to capture packet data: Gain access to administrative privileges to capture real-time data straight from the device; decide which network interface you want to capture packet data; and finally, successfully capture data, such as local and network packets. Decide on the location in which packet data should be captured.
Is Wireshark a security risk?
As far as security policies are concerned, Wireshark and TShark don't need any special privileges to be used. In order to capture traffic, a great deal of protocol dissectors are required, which could pose a security risk to the network.
How do I use Wireshark for network security?
srcSource - where the packet came fromdstDestination - where the packet is going
Do hackers use Wireshark?
The Wireshark program. It is a free, open-source network packet analyzer that is used to capture and analyze real-time traffic. Ethical hackers consider it one of the most essential tools for network security. You can use Wireshark for capturing and viewing all network traffic.
Can Wireshark steal passwords?
A Wireshark capture can capture the traffic of any information passing through a network, including usernames, emails, personal information, pictures, videos, and anything else that may be passed along. The passwords sent over the network can be sniffed by Wireshark if we are able to catch the network traffic.
Is Wireshark a network monitoring tool?
simple tool which can be used to monitor networks in a diverse and powerful way. You can easily learn how to use it. Additionally, Wireshark offers IO graphs to give users a visual representation of their network.
Is Wireshark a security risk?
Unlike other network analysis software, Wireshark is supported by an international team of network specialists and software developers. They continue to improve the software as new network technologies and encryption methods emerge. There is no risk associated with the use of Wireshark.
Can you use Wireshark on your own network?
If wireshark can't access the entire network, it is likely because WinPcap has a problem with access permissions. If you install it improperly, it will not work. Unlike other programs, Wireshark runs under superuser privileges on a Linux system, so the sudo command is required to execute.
How do you use network analysis in Wireshark?
For data collection directly from the device, you will need administrative privileges. The most appropriate network interface must be selected to capture packets. Decide on the location in which packet data should be captured.
What is Wireshark in networking?
Known as a network protocol analyzer, Wireshark is an application that captures packets from networks, for example, connections between your computer and an internet server. There are many packet sniffers on the market, but Wireshark is the most frequently used.
Is it illegal to use Wireshark?
Although Wireshark is a powerful tool, it can be used to listen in on wireless traffic. In order to use Wireshark, one must possess an explicit authorization to monitor the network. However, it is illegal to monitor a network without informing the network administrator.
Can Wireshark monitor all network traffic?
In Wireshark, you receive a list of all the network connections you have access to. Additionally, an optional filter field lets you capture network traffic only that you are interested in.
How do I monitor network traffic packets?
Make sure your data is coming from the right source. Determine which points are to be monitored on the network... It can be difficult to rely on real-time data. Create a username association for the data. Make sure no suspicious content is contained in the flows and packet payloads... The summarizing paragraph.
How do I record network traffic?
tcpdump can be used to capture network traffic. Packet sniffers let you record and observe network traffic on interfaces. Following is an example in which we use tcpdump to capture 1,000 packets. If you want to analyze the network traffic, you should install a network traffic analyzer such as Wireshark on your computer.The Experience, Equipment and Knowledge to Remove Your Trees
Empire Tree Surgeons offers professional tree removal to provide a safe and pristine landscape throughout Ontario and Wayne counties.
Our tree experts have the experience, proper equipment and knowledge of different species of trees to help you avoid dangerous or risky tree removal. Our team helps with the removal of trees for several reasons including dead trees, unhealthy trees, storm damaged trees, and trees growing to close structures.
Call us at (315) 331-4065 to schedule an appointment to speak with a member of our team about removing your trees. Our tree experts work 24/7, so you can get the service you need when you need it most!
Signs To Look for When Deciding to Remove a Tree
Our team of tree experts will play an essential role in keeping your landscape safe from a dangerous tree in need of removal.
- Fungus Growing on the Bottom of the Tree Trunk
- Cracks in the Trunk
- Peeling Bark
- Dead or hanging branches in the upper crown of your tree
- Disease Infestation
- Insect Infestation‘The Little Dog Laughed’ attempts to pry open Hollywood’s closet
by Donalevan Maines
Like Rock Hudson, Tab Hunter, Richard Chamberlain, and many more (whom we won’t mention), movie star Mitchell Green in the comedy The Little Dog Laughed at Theater LaB has this “recurring case of homosexuality” that threatens to ruin his image as a leading man.
It gives his agent fits. She’s Diane, a lesbian—the outspoken type—and in Jimmy Phillips’ production at Theater LaB, she’s played by the straight Mary Hooper. By anyone’s standards, Hooper is Houston theater’s diva emeritus. In this role, Julie White won the 2007 Tony Award for best actress in a play.
Mitchell (Nate Suurmeyer) drunkenly tries to navigate Hollywood’s tabloid-choppy waters by limiting his sex life to rent boys, including Bryan Kaplun as slow-but-sure-witted Alex, who charges $200 a trick.
Mitchell: You must be very good. At sex.
Alex: That’s not what people pay you for.
Mitchell: What do people pay you for?
Alex: To leave afterwards.
The Little Dog Laughed, a nominee for best play on Broadway, was written by Douglas Carter Beane, the gay screenwriter of To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar, author of the play As Bees in Honey Drown, and book-writer of the stage musical Xanadu that starred Cheyenne Jackson.
Beane lives in New York, but he clearly had his hand on the pulse of Hollywood when he lampooned Tinseltown with The Little Dog Laughed, which also includes Rebekah Stevens as Ellen, Alex’s girlfriend. (Whaaa? The rent boy has a girlfriend? Oh, well.)
In October, The New York Times reported that Beane’s next project is The Nance, starring Nathan Lane. “Nance, or nancy boy, is disparaging slang for an effeminate or homosexual man, and nances were popular theatrical figures, akin to blackface performers, during the 1920s and ’30s,” explained the Times’ Patrick Healy.
The Little Dog Laughed plays through December 12 at Theater LaB, 1706 Alamo (off 2100 Houston Ave.). Call 713/868-7516 for reservations or visit theaterlabhouston.com. Ticket prices are $25 and $30.
Fridays and Saturdays at 8 p.m. through December 11; Thursday, December 9 at 8 p.m.; Sunday matinees at 5 p.m. on December 5 and 12.
Donalevan Maines is a regular contributor to OutSmart magazine.Tag: Toronto-based Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd?Crystal Candleholders and Votives
Gurasu Crystal candleholders are a delightful addition to any dining table. This range of crystal candleholders, candle pillars, and candlesticks are detailed with new geometric patterns as well as more “silhouette” elegant pieces. Featuring candlestick holders for any occasion; from a coloured candle votive for tealights, to candleholders for memorable wedding gifts Gurasu candleholders are an illuminating gift as well as a stunning edition to your home decor.Detecting Hearth Features Using Magnetometry Data in Denali National Park
Many prehistoric sites located throughout Alaska are surface scatters of lithic (rock) debris, either remaining exposed since occupation or re-exposed due to erosion. Due to their open nature, these sites are often interpreted to lack much of their original context and integrity.Spoil yourself, or someone special this festive season
✔️ Australian made ✔️ Not tested on animals ✔️ Vegan friendly ✔️ No chemicals or nasty ingredients ✔️ No talc or Bismuth Oxychloride ✔️ Light weight & easy to apply ✔️ SPF15+ ✔️ Water resistant ✔️ Sweat resistant ✔️ Long lasting ✔️ Suitable for all ages ✔️ Suitable for all skin types ✔️ Hypo-allergenic ✔️ Oil free ✔️ Fragrance free ✔️ A foundation and concealer in one ✔️ Contains only natural ingredients ✔️ Suitable for acne prone skin ✔️ Easy to apply ✔️ You can build to a full coverage
We take the risk out of purchasing makeup online. If you don't love it, just let us know within 7 days of receiving your order to organise a full refund.
We understand ordering makeup online is tricky & we want to make the process as easy & stress free as possible for you.
It's easy! Let us recommend the best shade for you.
We are a small family business who will bend over backwards for you.
You will always be speaking with a real person and your satisfaction is our number one priority.
Please email us with absolutely any query or feedback that you have.
We are looking forward to hearing from you.Bathroom Organization
Organizing make up, organizing jewelry, organizing medicine and organizing hair products - it's all here.
·
217 Pins
2y
Similar ideas popular now
10 Easy and Effective DIY Dollar Store Bathroom Organization Ideas
These dollar store bathroom organization ideas are great! You can easily organize your bathroom with these clever ideas. #dollarstoreorganization #bathroomorganization #organizationideas #homeorganization #declutter
How To Organize Your Bathroom Cupboard
Here's how I organize my bathroom cupboard and under the sink! If you're ready to get organized and have your bathroom looking neat and tidy, click through to read the post to learn how to declutter your bathroom along with other organization ideas for the home. #organization #bathroom | justanothermummyblog.com
20 Space Saving Ways to Organize a Small Bathroom
Having a small bathroom doesn't mean you have to compromise storage. Check out these hacks for ways to use every square inch of space. 20 Great space saving ways to organize a small bathroom for maximum storage. #bathroom #bathroomorganization #smallbathroom #diyorganization.
Brilliant and Beautiful Bathroom Organization Ideas – Hadley Court - Interior Design Blog
One of the secrets to a well-kept home is ensuring everything has its place. These brilliant and beautiful bathroom organization ideas will keep your bathroom gorgeous! Hadley Court Interior Design #bathroomorganization #organization #organizedbathroom #organizationtips #bathroom
100+ Dollar Store Hacks That Are SO Clever - Chasing Foxes
These 11 life changing dollar store organizing hacks are THE BEST! I'm so glad I found these AMAZING tips! Now I have great ways to keep my home organized on a dime! Definitely pinning for later!Identity Theft Soars As Technology Races Forward
(published 2007)
The second a person is born, that individual is tracked and an identification number is registered. That number holds every piece of information about that person from criminal history to education to credit, but each year thousands of people are victimized by criminals who steal their identity and use it for personal profit and gain.
In 2006, the Federal Trade Commission logged more than 85,000 complaints of identity theft. But logged complaints are only the tip of the iceberg, according to consumer advocacy groups. It is estimated that 750,000 individuals have their identities stolen each year.
For the fourth year running, identity theft has topped the list of consumer complaints filed by the FTC. It accounts for 42 percent of all complaints filed with the Federal Trade Commission, up 40 percent since 2002.
The Identity Theft Survey Report, published by the FTC, found that approximately 10 million Americans have had their identity hijacked by thieves. Half of all the complaints logged involve credit card and other types of account fraud.
Once a victim finds that his/her identity has been stolen, the road to recovery is not easy, as a victim spends an average of 30-60 hours over the course of months trying to resolve issues and take back that identity.
Identities are stolen in several different manners, and thieves who understand the ins and outs of identity theft can go undetected for years, slowly leaching off several victims to obtain goods, credit, and even using another’s name to avoid arrest or criminal charges.
Ted Claypoole, a technical lawyer, told TIME magazine that identity theft is a growing trend, and that stealing information is becoming easier by the day. However, identity theft is a problem that stems far back before the dawn of current day technology, as identity theft can take many forms and be used by thieves for several different purposes.
Motives behind Identity Theft
Social Security numbers are used to verify information, gain employment, file taxes, open credit cards, and apply for personal loans. Because a Social Security number is used for so many purposes, a thief who has access to such information can use it for a myriad of activities.
Credit card theft is the leading type of identity theft. A thief can easily use a stolen or lost credit card to fund personal expenses. In a similar fashion, access to a Social Security number allows a criminal to open up credit card accounts and take out loans in a person’s name. On Nov. 30 Jocelyn Kirsch, 22, and Edward K. Anderton, 25, both of Philadelphia, were arrested and accused of using their neighbors’ information to finance their luxurious jet-setting lifestyle, making national headlines.Kirsh, a senior at Drexel University and her boyfriend Anderton, a 2005 University of Pennsylvania graduate, lived in an upscale apartment building. They used their wealthy neighbors to finance a lifestyle that included stays in Paris, London, and Hawaii with luxurious dinners and services. In the course of one year, the couple spent $100,000. According to the Associated Press, Kirsh and Anderton obtained copies of their neighbors’ keys for both their front doors and their mailboxes, and used personal information stolen to obtain goods and credits while the neighbors were away. It has also been reported that this modern day “Bonnie and Clyde” used flash drives to obtain personal information from computers in the victims’ homes and installed spy ware. According to the FTC, such scenarios are not uncommon. Most victims know the criminal, and more often than not, identity theft is an “inside job,” perpetrated through ties to neighborhoods, buildings or workplaces. Yet there is more at stake with identity theft than credit card debt. Janet Lee, 54 of Utah, told SmartMoney.com in 2004 that she woke up to a nightmare when she found her Social Security number had been used to obtain two more homes, one in Texas and one in Ohio, by someone who stole her identity. On top of the two homes carrying mortgages totaling $500,000, nine car loans and various credit lines had been established in her name. Lee was technically responsible for close to $1 million in debt. Her Social Security number had become part of an intricate identity theft ring.
According to the FTC, social security numbers are generated and sold to illegal immigrants by organized crime families. The generated numbers can easily match the numbers of a legitimate citizen, and their credit and livelihood is easily at stake.
Illegal immigrants also use the numbers they’ve bought to obtain employment. In 2004, Linda Trevino attempted to gain employment from a Target in Chicago. Her application was denied under the grounds that she allegedly was already employed there. Upon investigation, it was uncovered that Trevino’s Social Security number was used by other individuals other than herself to obtain work by 37 employers, including the Target she applied to.
While work related identity theft seems the most benign, it can cause serious problems for the rightful owner of the number. One of the greatest problems is how often the number is used. Often, one Social Security number that has been bought will be passed around a family or even neighborhood and used 30-plus times to gain employment.
Richard Hamp, an assistant attorney general for the state of Utah who has prosecuted several cases involving stolen IDs and illegal immigrants, told MSNBC. “They are destroying people’s credit, Social Security benefits, and everything else. This problem has been ignored by the federal government, and it’s enormous.”
The misuse of Social Security numbers can go on for years completely undetected. In the case of Lee, her number was used for years without her ever being informed that individuals were placing her Social Security number with their own names on loan and credit applications.
There appears to be no safeguard to let victims in on the big secret. Credit agencies can see all the credit activity over the course of years; however when faced with obviously suspicious information, they often fail to contact the victim or even the local authorities.
More often than not, the victim is the last one in on the joke, experiencing financial ruin and emotional torment.
The Technological Age of Identity Theft
Identity is the unique characteristics, numbers, personal information and DNA that only the person it belongs to can provide to authenticate himself or herself. Identity theft is on the rise as the Internet’s worst security nightmare.
Experienced identity thieves use various ways to obtain access to personal information. They may get it from a business or organization they worked for, getting it from an employee who has access to one’s information, hacking, conning the information out of people, or even just stealing a wallet or purse.
Individuals may think they’re safe from identity theft because they are very careful and responsible with their credit cards and other important information. However, computers and the Internet can cause a security breach that the owner may not know about. For thieves, computers can be a treasure of personal information.
There are many different ways hackers try to get information, but the most common is through the use of spyware.
A spyware program is software that’s installed and collects information from a computer and sends it to a third party, who uses that information for personal gain. Moreover, a hacker can also obtain the information about a person it is sent over an unsecured transmission.
Many identity theft cases start with computer fraud, and many people are unaware of the risk they take when sending sensitive information over unsecured transmissions.
Fraudulent e-mails are another way identity thieves attempt to gather information about people, as they are becoming harder to detect. People are being scammed into giving away money, and in some cases, their personal information, which could lead to identity theft.
The main purpose of fraudulent emails is to try to get a person to respond with personal information or data. Many e-mail frauds will disguise themselves as a “charitable” cause or suggest that the company will send a check to the person if that individual provides banking information.
Thieves who take to the Internet to find their prey may also use “phishing” to gather the information they need. Phishing is an attempt to criminally and fraudulently acquire sensitive information, such as usernames, passwords, and credit card details, by masquerading as a trustworthy entity in an electronic communication to fool consumers.
Common targets of phishing are Ebay, Paypal and online banks. It’s usually done through emails or instant messaging, and often directs users to record personal information at a website.
Most of the phishing techniques designed for deception “spoof” or mirror a reputable company’s website and ask people to verify their information. In reality, the mirrored website is going directly to a person who wishes to use the information for personal gain.
When the victim visits the website, the deception occurs when the phishing scam use Javascript commands in order to alter the address bar.
Individuals who unknowingly receive a spoofed e-mail can be redirected to a site that is staged to look exactly like the legitimate site or commercial site such as Ebay or Paypal, and chances are, people will follow through with submitting their personal information
Phishing can also be perpetrated through phone contact. A hacker may own a phone number and a voice over IP service, and voice phishing uses fake caller-ID data to appear like a legitimate trusted organization.
Hackers may call victims and leave messages that claimed to be from a bank telling users to dial the hacker’s number regarding bank account problems. When the number is dialed, users are told to enter their account numbers and PIN.
The FBI’s Internet fraud complaint center (IFCC) has observed an increase in complaints involving different types of unsolicited email directing victims to a phony customer service type of web site.
Preventing Identity Theft
The majority of people who are victims of identity theft do not know it until they receive their credit card bills or are confronted by the authorities. Identity theft can go away quickly if detected early, but for most citizens, it’s a long, drawn out process that can ruin their financial reputation.
The after-effects of identity theft can result in a person’s being fired, blacklisted, losing assets, and even being convicted of a crime he/she did not commit. Postal Inspectors provide some useful tips in defending and preventing this crime. They suggest reviewing any consumer credit reports annually, shredding and destroying unwanted documents that contain personal information, depositing mail in U.S. Postal Service collective boxes as often as possible, and not leaving mail in mailboxes overnight or over long weekends. Before anyone submits any personal information via the Internet or through hard mail, that person should know what is safe and what is not. Information like such as a full name, address, and phone numbers has a low sensitivity and doesn’t necessarily need to be kept as private as others. Information with medium sensitivity including birthdays, birthplaces, and a mother’s maiden name should be kept as confidential as possible, but does not carry the same risk as high sensitivity information. The items that are of high sensitivity can do wonders for the criminal and do damage to the holders. One’s social security number, bank account number, credit card number, and PIN or passwords are items that should be cherished and kept as secretive as possible. Part of the problem with identity theft is that people don’t know where it is stolen from or how the thief retrieved the information. Personal and important information that is leaked can lead to bankruptcy, tax fraud, and other serious crimes in a matter of days. The Federal Trade Commission reported last year that nearly 400,000 people reported identity theft related crimes due to stolen mail. However, mail is probably the easiest thing to protect, but most overlooked. To make sure one’s mail is confidential and safe, experts suggest that mail should not be kept in an unsecured location. When someone is on vacation or out of town for a long period of time, mail should not pile up in the mailbox. Keep it at the local postal service, and get a mailbox that locks, they suggest.
The Internet is a great tool for shopping, paying bills, and researching information. However, the casual person who doesn’t use the Internet that often is a large target for identity thieves. On the flip side, people who have an abundance of computer knowledge can also be targets due to the lack of protection their computer has. Advisors suggest that people who use the Internet to pay off bills or shop use anti-spyware and anti-virus software. This will help to eliminate those tempting pop-ups and ads that will only do harm to a console. The second and probably most important step is how to check for reliable online shopping websites. Even the site that looks trustworthy may have some sort of way of ripping off a customer or stealing personal information. AC Neilson, a global marketing research firm, based in Schaumburg, Illinois, conducted a survey and found that the top security concerns of America’s online shoppers were as follows: if a person purchased an item from a website and did not receive the item, or the company sent an item different from the one specified. In either of these cases, cancel the transaction and remember this in the future. If the person’s e-mail address has been sold to a third party without consent, that website may be fraudulent. According to the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse website, when shopping online, people should make sure they are shopping at a secure site by taking these measures: When at the website, take a look at the top of the screen. A person should see https:// next to where the address is displayed. The “s” that is displayed after “http” indicates that web site is secure. Often, shoppers do not see the “s” until they actually move to the order page on the web site.Another way to determine if a web site is a secure one is to look for a closed padlock displayed at the bottom of the computer screen. If the padlock displayed is opened, you should automatically assume that the website is not reliable, nor is it secure. Experts also suggest doing a background check on the website before you shop there and reading the Privacy and Security Policies section on the site.
The third precaution that should be taken is looking out for phishing. Experts also suggest that when using the Internet, customers should encrypt their wireless internet connection.If a person is going to sell a computer to a company, via eBay or any other online auction website, or to even a friend, experts suggest that a person erase the hard drive beforehand. Any type of archived information can be recalled, even if deleted and emptied into the recycle bin. Experts all over the country suggest investing in a paper shredder and using it at all costs. Any type of bank statements, credit card statements, credit cards, pre-approved credit card offers, ATM receipts, canceled or voided checks, expired passports/visas, tax forms, bills, and paystubs should all be shredded if being discarded. If not, they are at a high risk of being stolen if still left legible. After a credit or debit card has been stolen, or even if misplaced, the victim should immediately report it to the company. An individual should not assume it is misplaced and should make plans to order a new one. By the time he or she looks for it, it might be in the wrong hands already. Another tip is to not keep the Social Security card in a wallet. Experts suggest keeping it in a safe place at home, or even better, in a locked safe box where only that person can access it via a combination or key. Another aspect is that a person should never provide any personal information to anyone who is in contact via the phone. Anyone can pose as a legitimate business when not in person, so unless the call is initiated, a person should not give out any information via the telephone. Experts also say that people should check and then shred bank statements as soon as they arrive, opt out of pre-approved offers, should not list date of birth and/or Social Security number on resume, use ATM cards wisely, guard checkbooks, and select strong passwords that cannot be easily cracked. If you are a victim of identity theft, the FTC suggests taking these precautions. As soon as you are suspicious of even the most minor activity, you should contact your banks and credit card issuers, the three major credit bureaus, file a police report, and file a complaint with the FTC.
For Students: Young adults, especially college students, are also at risk for identity theft even if they don’t have the expenses and paperwork that adults might have. When using a school computer, students should make sure they log off their user name to disallow others to tamper with their files. Susan Gaskin-Noel, the Reference/Instruction Librarian at the Mercy College Dobbs Ferry campus, strongly agrees with this notion. “The most important thing is to remember to log off your user name. You must be wary of your surroundings and the people around you because you are in such a wide open area in a library. Anybody can just go through your files.”Students should not let peers use their credit or debit cards, or lend peers e-mail passwords because of security reasons. When applying for specific things, students should know what they can give and what they should not. Many companies try to manipulate young adults into asking for unnecessary information. Students should also follow the guidelines and tips portrayed above in their everyday lifestyle to eliminate the risk of having their personal information stolen. Yonesy Nuñez, an identity theft expert who works at the Bronx Mercy College campus, has given speeches about the subject for years. He advises students “Don’t trust anyone”, especially when it comes to this type of personal and important information. To Nuñez, this is the most important thing for a student to do to protect themselves from identity theft. When taking precautions against identity theft, Nuñez gives this advice, “Web 2.0 is an enabler. People throughout the world are connecting themselves in ways that know no boundaries. As such, students should refrain from using ‘public’ computers to access their digital information. You never know who’s capturing your information as you type.” If you as a student are suspicious of any type of criminal activity regarding your accounts, don’t be hesitant to investigate. “For starters, people should utilize the services from. This service allows you to get credit reports from Experian, Equifax, and Transunion. Timed correctly, you can retrieve three free annual credit reports a year. This will allow you to verify that information on your credit report is accurate and/or give you the opportunity to dispute erroneous information,” said Nuñez.Posted 2 years ago
Hi
Not the normal thing I would pick up - but this caught my eye because it has an original painted signature...
I knew the designer, Sister Maria Innosencia Hummel, died in 1946....this is the only one I can find on the web with a painted signature.
Two things that are strange (at least, to me!) are that:
There appears to be a symbol (or intials ?) under her name - no idea what this is
There is no "Franz Goebel" factory mark anywhere
If there are any Hummel collectors out there that can advise, I would be grateful!
thanks
PaulDescription
Organic Grapefruit Seed Extract ~ a liquid concentrate, from the seed and pulp of grapefruit.
This multi purpose, non toxic extract, supports the bodies fight against fungi, viruses & bacteria. It can be used internally & externally.
Herbalists and naturopaths have used Grapefruit Seed Extract (GSE) for decades. GSE is a natural extract, containing a bioflavonoid concentrate that is bitter in taste. This concentrate, is the chief source of antioxidant properties. It has sources of Vitamin C and E, Sterol’s, Limonoids, Citric Acid and trace minerals.Abstract
The fracture toughness for a mode I/II crack propagating in a ductile material has been subject to numerous investigations. However, the influence of the material hardening law has received very limited attention, with isotropic hardening being the default choice if cyclic loads are absent. The present work extends the existing studies of monotonic mode I/II steady-state crack propagation with the goal to compare the predictions from an isotropic hardening model with that of a kinematic hardening model. The work is conducted through a purpose-built steady-state framework that directly delivers the steady-state solution. In order to provide a fracture criterion, a cohesive zone model is adopted and embedded at the crack tip in the steady-state framework, while a control algorithm for the far-field, that significantly reduces the number of equilibrium iterations is employed to couple the far-field loading to the correct crack tip opening. Results show that the steady-state fracture toughness (shielding ratio) obtained for a kinematic hardening material is larger than for the corresponding isotropic hardening case. The difference between the isotropic and kinematic model is tied to the non-proportional loading conditions and reverse plasticity. This also explains the vanishing difference in the shielding ratio when considering mode II crack propagation as the non-proportional loading is less pronounced and the reverse plasticity is absent.
Keywords
- Steady-state
- Isotropic hardening
- Kinematic hardening
- Active plastic zone
- Shielding ratioFrom Evil Twin's website:. Brewed at Two Roads Brewing Co, CT. 6% ABV
Appearance: Pours a cloudy golden body with a good deal of carbonation in the body. Incredibly thick snow white head on top that diminishes after a good moment or five, surprisingly not leaving behind a lacing on the glass but still retains a whole finger worth of head.
Aroma: Surprisingly soapy for an IPA, that's the first thing I get, followed by a moderate floral presence, light caramel malt sweetness, lemon. Honestly it smells like a K-Mart or a non-fancy Target, it's weird, but it smells like a large retail store.. but not Walmart.
Taste: Leafy and kind of floral hop presence? Moderate amount of caramel sweetness, a tad hint of bubblegum. It's quite dry on the palate. Not overly tropical nor bitter.. though I get a slight hop tingling sensation at the end.
Overall Thoughts: Mehhhhhhh, don't care for it. I'd rather drink their Falco IPA.Oct. 27 (UPI) — New Jersey health officials confirmed an eighth child died from adenovirus at a nursing and rehabilitation center.
The child who died Friday was considered “medically fragile” like the others who died at Wanaque Center for Nursing and Rehabilitation in Haskell. Another 15 children and one staff member have been sickened by the virus.
Officials halted new patient admissions at the facility since the outbreak Oct. 9.
“The strain of adenovirus seen in this outbreak is associated with communal living arrangements and known to cause severe illness,” the New Jersey Department of Health said in a statement.
Adenoviruses are a common group of viruses that can cause cold-like symptoms, sore throat, bronchitis, pneumonia, diarrhea and pink eye, and are most common in young children.Entertainment of Friday, 14 August 2020
Source: mynewsgh.com
Kumawood actor, Oboy Siki, said he will be disappointed in God if he gets to heaven and meets any politician there.
According to him, politicians are the most wicked people." concluded.User:
Site Name: San Bernardino County Department of Behavioral Health
Department: Psychology Internship Program
Applications should include APPI with cover letter and 3 Letters of Recommendation. Interviews are conducted on 4 dates in January; specific date/time is determined once an invitation to interview has been extended. Interviews will be conducted using videoconferencing technology. No in-person interviews will be offered at this time. Applicants that are offered an interview will also be invited to a virtual open house where they will have an opportunity to meet with the Training Director, some training staff, and current interns. Candidates will interview with panels composed of approximately 1-2 supervisors and a current intern. Candidates will be able to meet and interview with most of not all of the program's supervisors. There will be ample opportunity to meet/talk with current interns separately as well. Contacting the training director by phone or email with questions as needed is ALWAYS acceptable and encouraged.
See our Online Brochure at the website listed for all program details. Feel free to contact Training Director by phone or email with questions. Interns can apply for one of two separate training tracks, each being a yearlong rotation with supplemental experience throughout the Department: A Outpatient track or a Forensic Track. Clinical requirements are set for the year (e.g., 340 therapy hours, 50 hours of assessment -see brochure). Interns receive two individual hours of supervision each week (One hour clinical, one-hour testing). Interns meet with the Training Director each week for two hours of group supervision and two hours of didactic seminar. Interns can attend live, Department-sponsored trainings throughout the year, and have access to a 24-7 online library of trainings. Interns attend a weekly countertransference learning and sharing group.
The program aims to help interns to understand human behavior in all its aspects so that abnormal behavior is a subset of that total, and intervention is individualized to each client's specific dynamics and habits. Understanding one's own motives and emotions is viewed as necessary for depth-oriented therapists. Understanding case-conceptualization, not just intervention, is emphasized. Supervisor orientations are varied, but most are psychodynamic, cognitive-behavioral, or eclectic/integrative. The Department, like all other California county mental health departments, uses a mental health recovery vision of care, focusing on client empowerment and involvement. Shorter-term and group treatment are typical, but longer-term cases are also possible. All interns in outpatient rotations will work with children and adolescents, and with adult populations. Psychological testing is a major component here, and prior experience and comfort with testing are essential.
Professionalism is of paramount importance in our program. We believe that growing into the role of a psychologist involves interns presenting themselves at all times in a professional manner with consumers, peers, and supervisors alike. Receptivity to constructive criticism, openness to supervisory input, and maintaining a positive and respectful demeanor and attitude are greatly valued and expected during the internship. Interns who may struggle in these areas will be supported to address personal issues that may be interfering with the various demands of internship. Humility is a quality highly prized in interns by all staff in our Department, and professionalism and respect for others are viewed as equal in importance to clinical skill and work.
Interns have the opportunity to work on multidisciplinary teams, and with interns from other disciplines. Interns will have the chance to practice supervision-like activities during the second rotation. The Department has a long tradition of intern training -a typical year sees about 40-50 interns and students of various disciplines here to receive training. Our department staff, as well as the populations served, are richly diverse.
(training opportunities continued)
Completion of 5 psychological testing batteries/reports is a requirement; therefore, comfort with and knowledge of major psychological tests is.Marvel Has Paired Spider-Man With Lil Wayne For Their Hip-Hop Variant Artwork Campaign
Marvel are reworking various hip-hop album artworks with some of their superheroes for their huge refresh of their classic comic book titles.
The Editor In Chief of Marvel Comics, Axel Alonso, said that the Marvel and hip-hop relationship makes sense because they are both “really big powerful threads of pop culture”, as well as how over the years he has heard plenty of rappers reference superheroes in their music.
One of the hip-hop album covers that Marvel have paid homage to is Lil Wayne‘s Tha Carter IV artwork. You can check out the variant cover that was created by Gyimah Gariba above, courtesy of The FADER!It is good to work with Swiss people. The country provides the best international managers on the planet, while their motivation at the workplace is second only to the Danes, according to the World Competitiveness Yearbook published by the Institute for Management Development (IMD).
Almost 90% of young people continue their education after finishing their mandatory schooling, putting Switzerland ahead of all OECD countries. Swiss productivity is also among the highest in the world, and research shows employees are highly attached to their companies.
Labor Market
Another advantage for businesses is that Switzerland has the educational system which best corresponds to the needs of the economy. The apprenticeship model – which is virtually unique around the world – goes some way to explaining this success. Of those who do not go on to higher education, two-thirds learn a trade through apprenticeship programmes. Their training lasts from two to four years and includes a practical section in a business as well as a theory aspect in a vocational school. After this training, they receive a federal certification of professional training or a federal certificate of aptitude. If they so desire, they can then earn a diploma of professional maturity corresponding to their sector, which gives them access to specialized institutes of higher education. These schools provide more practical training to bachelor’s or master’s level, and invest in research and development in collaboration with the Federal Institutes of Technology and the universities.
This education system combining theory and practice means that the Swiss economy has well-educated professionals who are ready for the job market. Youth unemployment is significantly below that of the average in the Euro countries. Swiss Federal Institute of Technology.The Oklahoma City bombing and Al Qaeda attacks served as inspiration and education for mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik, he told a courtroom in Norway today, The Associated Press reported.
On the fifth day of his trial, the man accused of killing 77 Norwegians relayed details about how he studied Timothy McVeigh’s 1995 bombing of a US government building that killed 168 and injured 600.
He also said he poured over details surrounding the 1993 World Trade Center bombings and Al Qaeda operations.
“We want to create a European version of Al Qaeda,” he said, according to the AP. “I have studied each one of their actions, what they have done wrong, what they have done right.”
Breivik admitted to killing eight people by bombing a Norwegian government building, then shooting 69 others – mostly teens – at a Labour Party camp on July 22; he said they betrayed Norway by embracing multiculturalism.
The far-right extremist has pleaded not guilty, and claims to be part of a Christian group called the Knights Templar.
Authorities have found no evidence of a larger group, and two court reports disagree on Breivik’s sanity.
More from GlobalPost: Breivik trained playing Call of Duty: Modern Warfare
His chilling, matter-of-fact testimony froze onlookers and victims’ family members in the courtroom.
Breivik told prosecutors he learned to shut down his emotions in order to carry out his “gruesome, barbaric actions,” AFP reported.
“I am a very likeable person under normal conditions,” he told court, according to AFP. “You have to choose tactics and strategies to dehumanize (the enemy) ... those who I see as legitimate targets.”
His trial has garnered worldwide attention, and at least one vocal, American “pen pal,” The Los Angeles Times reported.
Kevin Forts, a 23-year-old Massachusetts man, said he “dreams” of one day meeting Breivik, and called his actions “atrocious but necessary.”
“I believe he is a nationalist and a patriot, and not the terrorist neo-Nazi that the media portrays him to be,” Forts told a Norwegian reporter during an interview in the US.
About 100 people from countries such as Sweden, Germany, Russia and Britain have sent Breivik letters of support in jail, the LA Times said.
Police also charged Forts with assault in February, saying he assaulted his girlfriend, the Worcester Telegram and Gazette reported.
Later, Forts was removed from Assumption College in Worcester, where he was a senior, The Associated Press reported.
In the interview with VG Nett filmed in downtown Worcester, Forts said Breivik demonstrated a "moral conscience.”
“He’s fighting against cultural Marxism and an Islamization of Norway and he found that the most rational ... way to accomplish that was through terrorist actions on Utoya and in Oslo,” Forts said.
More from GlobalPost: How Israel dodged the economic crisisCommunity Mental Health Consultant Patient History Form
Welcome. We want your experience with CMHC to be as easy as possible. The three forms below help us to begin to understand you as a new patient. We appreciate you taking the time to fill out all of the information and answer the questions.
Call one of our three offices near you and our receptionist will get you permission to fill out this online form at our web page to speed up your admissions process and to make it more convenient for you.
Here are the forms:
Clinical Data QuestionnaireExisting Members
Forgotten password? Click here.
New to Sanity?
Hover over image to zoom
Currently out of stock - Ships within 10-20 business days
Buy Now & Pay Later With
Title: Harry Potter Slytherin Deluxe Scarf - One Size
Format: Apparel
Release Date: 13 Jul 2018
Type: Costume: Harry Potter
Sku: 2384681
Catalogue No: 39034
Category: CostumesKIWB.PK
Latest Trade0.00USD
Change--(--)
Today's Range
---
52 Week Range
-0.01
As of on the Over The Counter ∙ Minimum 15 minute delay
Kiwibox.com Inc announces resignation of Chief Financial Officer - Form 8-K
Kiwibox.Com, Inc. Completes Acquisition of KWICK!
Kiwibox.Com, Inc. Acquires Kwick! Community GmbH & Co. KG
Kiwibox.Com, Inc. (Kiwibox) is an early-stage company. The Company owns and operates Kiwibox.com, a social networking Website. It operates through youth targeted online social networks segment through its Internet Website. Kiwibox.com is a social network for young adults all around the world for Web-based and mobile usage, and a community to find new friends and to meet new people online and in the real world. Kiwibox combines magazine content and social networking technology in its Website. Kiwibox has a regional-based advertising-system that allows target-group-optimized advertisements for advertisers and sponsors. The Company provides advertisers with an advertising platform with profile-focused technology to reach Web browser-based and mobile application customers. The Company has integrated Pixunity, a photo-sharing application, to the United States market. The Company's Kiwibox.com Website has approximately 4.71 million members
Industry
Computer Services
Contact Info
401 State Route 24
CHESTER, NJ
07930-2923
United States
+1.908.8792722
Executive Leadership
Andre Scholz
President, Chief Executive Officer, Acting Principal Financial Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Director
Quote and financial data from Refinitiv. Fund performance data provided by Lipper. All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes.Football Equipment Training
Football Training Equipment | Academy, … More Information
Training - Equipment - Football
Football ; Equipment ; Training; Grid List. 7 Items . Set Descending Direction. Champro 1-Liter Water Bottle . Special Price $10.56 Regular Price $15.00 As low as $3.97. Champro 6" Collapsible Cones . As low as $18.95 Regular Price $25.00. Champro Water Bottle Carrier Set . … More Information
Football Practice Equipment | Curbside Pickup Available at ...
Football training equipment is essential for honing on-field skills, such as agility, speed, accuracy and blocking. Whether you're a coach for a rec team or an athlete practicing at home, the right football training gear can make a big difference in a team's overall performance. Choose from a range of football practice equipment for multifaceted training. Check out these featured products: More Information
Football Equipment | Football Gear | Football Stuff
Get all the football gear and football training equipment your team needs, from practices to gameday, for a championship season. Here at The Graphic Edge, we have all the football equipment and gear your team needs. We offer football player protective gear like football helmets, and football shoulder pads. Need new gameday footballs or practice ... More Information
Football Training Equipment | Epic Sports ... More Information
Quarterback Training | Aids at SportsDirect.com USA
Football Training Aids. 41 products. Practice is the effort that makes winning possible, so train like a champion. You’ll find all the necessary equipment here, from space markers to bibs and first aid kits – be the one who never gives up. Read More. More Information
Football Accessories | Football Training Equipment | Cheap .... More Information
Offensive Line Drills, Training & Equipment | LB O-Line ...
Most Recent Content READ MORE OLP BUILT TO DOMINATE The World's Premiere Offensive Line Training Club JOIN NOW! EXCLUSIVE SUPPLEMENT PROVIDER More InformationWritten on Aug 5, 2020 2:26:33 PM
Everything You Need To Know About the Pre-Litigation Process
Topics: lawsuits, personal injury attorney, presuit, lawsuit
When faced with an accident, many are plagued by the worries of a lawsuit, or in some cases, not wanting to make a claim in the fear of “suing” another person. Tensions run high, and the thought of a long, drawn-out lawsuit can be a lot to handle.
However, filing a claim against the opposing party is not only encouraged, but essential - and it doesn’t mean you are suing someone.
Learn more about the steps of the pre-litigation process, the differences between presuit and lawsuit, and the very fine line between the two.
What are Pre-Litigation Requirements?
The pre-litigation process is any activity that occurs regarding a legal claim prior to a lawsuit being officially filed. While you do not need a personal injury attorney during the pre-litigation process, it is especially helpful to have pre-litigation counseling with an attorney who has experience with prior cases.
Hiring a personal injury attorney pre-litigation is also less expensive than having an attorney for a lawsuit. They’ll try to settle your case fairly before it escalates into a lawsuit; if you do end up pursuing a lawsuit, your personal injury attorney will be able to give you a better understanding of what to expect.
Typically, a pre-litigation follows this process:
- Your personal injury attorney sends a formal pre-litigation letter of your intent.
- There is an investigation made; your attorney may speak to witnesses and take statements, as well as gather valuable information such as medical records.
- A formal pre-litigation demand is made; this can be in the form of a claim to the other party’s insurance company or a letter demanding compensation.
- Any attempts are made to settle before the case becomes a formal lawsuit.
If there is no settlement made, then you and your personal injury attorney may discuss proceeding to a formal lawsuit.
Pre-Litigation Vs Lawsuit
The presuit process before a lawsuit, and an actual lawsuit itself, are two different cases altogether. Ideally, the pre-litigation process attempts to settle your case without going through the legal proceedings of a lawsuit.
Pre-Litigation Process
Essentially, the pre-litigation process is exactly what it sounds like: all of the steps taken in a claim that leads up to a settlement. Pre-litigation, also known as presuit, isn’t a means to ending a lawsuit, so don’t think about it like that—instead, see it as its own separate process, standalone from a lawsuit. The pre-litigation process begins the moment you call your insurance company after an accident. You can go from presuit to a lawsuit, but it is on a case-by-case basis. There are many determinants that a personal injury attorney has to evaluate before moving forward with a lawsuit.
Your presuit claim is typically compiled of:
- Establishing a claim
- Retaining attorney representation
- Property damage
- Recorded statements with the insurance company
- Doctor visits and due care
- Negotiating with the insurance company for a settlement
The strength of your case lies in your physician care and ensuring that you are properly diagnosed for your injuries incurred. With the right circumstances, you can settle with your insurance company after your medical treatment is finished. (For context, usually a doctor places you on a treatment schedule where it’s a few times a week consistently until they can get you back to your previous state, or as close to that as possible).
Lawsuit Process
There is a stigma surrounding lawsuits; while this isn’t necessarily unfounded, there are circumstances that dictate lawsuits or suing someone. For example, if someone was rear-ended, had a herniated disc, and the insurance company refused to pay anything, this would be grounds for a lawsuit (there are exceptions to every rule, but we used a generic hypothetical example not based on anyone). Insurance companies have a duty to provide recompense for the damages that the insured caused – property and injuries, alike. While there are caveats to all of these rules, it’s safe to say each situation is unique.
Lawsuits consist of:
- Filing a complaint
- Discoveries
- Depositions
- Interrogatories
- Trial (very few cases ever make it to trial)
Keep in mind you must have attorney representation in order to move forward with a lawsuit; you don’t necessarily need an attorney before that, but it’s highly advised. Without an attorney’s help, the insurance companies will pressure you to settle for lower compensation than you rightfully deserve for your injuries.
Presuit Vs. Lawsuit: The Takeaway
Consider this a bird’s-eye view of a presuit versus lawsuit scope. There are many nuances that can change what prompts a shift from presuit to lawsuit, but it usually happens once negotiations commence. If you’re worried about not wanting to sue the other driver—don’t.
It’s important you take care of your injuries and let the claim gain traction through your personal injury attorney. Still wondering about what to do after an auto accident? Make sure you receive due legal advice to help you move forward in your claim.
Available on: PC (reviewed) ; Publisher: Brace Yourself Games, Klei; Developer: Brace Yourself Games; Players: 1-2; Released: April 23rd, 2015
This review was written based on a full retail copy of the game on Steam.
Not to be confused with 91 Days this season Sports manga and anime are very much aplenty. From back in the 90’s with Slam Dunk, to more recent affairs…
Click the icon above to join our Discord! Ask a Mod or staff member to make you a member to see all the channels.At CRL, we value each and every sample as a life entrusted to our care.
We are one of the largest privately held clinical testing laboratories in the U.S. With dedicated facilities in North America, we perform. We serve insurers, employers, healthcare providers and their patients, as well as colleges and universities through broad application of corporate and personal wellness, drugs of abuse testing programs, insurance risk assessment, and molecular diagnostics testing..Fountain Bamboo (Fargesia nitida var. Fortune) is a bamboo naive to Szechwan, China. It has a vertical pattern of growth, with the new culms emerging purple with a white powdery coating.
The fortune variety is a non-invasive variety of this bamboo and is highly suited to the home garden. It makes a good screening plant with its thick foliage and is suitable for use as a hedge.
For more details about this item, please call 0420 493 944.
Fountain Bamboo
AU$24.99Price
Plant in full sun or part shade environments with rich organic soils. Once established, this plant can tolerate drought conditions and is able to withstand cold winters and windy conditions. For optimal growth water twice a week and mulch through the summer.MOUSES!
And if she fits, she sits, too.
MOUSES!
But on the other paw...
On the other paw, those of you who know my sister, Mason, know she's uh...
Well...
Well she's not the kinda kitty who likes to go without her supper. She's rather uh...
Hmmm....
She's uh... Somewhat...
HMMM...
Well she's what one might call a CURVY GAL, for sure.
Yeah, that's the ticket.
MOUSES!
But before we were talking 'bout Mason, we were talking 'bout boxes, and I bet you're all wonderin' why Mason's voluptuous curves have anythin' to do with boxes at all.
Well...
Well let's just say, sometimes those curves don't fit.
MOUSES!
Yesterday evenin', Peep #1 placed an empty box on the family room floor. I don't know why she did it. It wasn't actually a box meant for us cats. It was just a... Well... A box.
But the general rule in my house is, no box remains empty for long, so...
So Mason immediately trotted over to inspect said box.
Now as it turns out, the box was not a big box, at all. Oh, it wasn't super small, like a ring box, or anythin' like that. It was much bigger than a ring box, for sure. It was bigger than a shoe box, too. But not by much. And unfortunately, it was not bigger than...
Well...
MOUSES!
But did that stop my sister from tryin' it out?
Never one to be daunted by the mere piddly size of a box, Mason immediately stated, "If I fit, I'm sure as mouses gonna sit," although not in those exact words.
Well first the front paws went into the box but alas, with the front paws inside, there was no room for her butt. So then she tried squeezin' the tail end in first, but that didn't work out either. Plus, there was an issue with balance. Next thing she knew, both she and the box had tipped right over and they both ended up lyin' on their sides. I, of course, offered to give her a push and a shove - you know, to squeeze her butt back in there - but my attempts of assistance were met with resistance. In other words, I was threatened with a smacky-paw to the chin.
MOUSES!
So that's when I decided to simply get up and walk away.
Shame Mason didn't follow my lead, 'cause...
'Cause the NEXT thing I knew...
Well...
Well let me ask you this:
When is a box not a box?
WHEN IT'S A HAT.
MOUSES!
That's right, my friends, Mason wore that box as if it were a hat.
Just like that ol' cat in a hat.
And she looked...
Well...
Ridiculous, in fact.
MOUSES!
BREAKING NEWS... This just in... The latest fashion trend to hit the Paris catwalks this spring is the bigger-than-a-pillbox-smaller-than-a-breadbox cardboard hat.
MOUSES!
Holy Cats! I'm going to run out and get my own bigger-than-a-pillbox-smaller-than-a-breadbox cardboard hat. I'll be so cool.
Now that is a sight I'd love to have seen. Too bad you didn't videotape it. You could have made a mint on YouTube.
Seville, it's all the rage! Box hats! Didn't you know?
mason, ewe bee gorgeouz...& never let any one tell ya canna fit in de box....look at maru ;) ☺☺♥♥
Hey, I like hats but do agree, all boxes fit...somehow!
You have to give it to Mason, she doesn't like to give up without a fight.
Oh, I would have loved to have seen that!
MOL, I bet dat wuz high-larious!
That box was clearly miss-described as a sitting box rather than the wearing box it so naturally must have been. Compensation I say, from the peep, for leading Mason astray and the embarrassment of it all.
Purrs
ERin
That was very clever of Mason :)
Mason is smart and I agree, boxes SHOULD fit around curves!! - Tom x
A box-shaped hat? Tres magnifique, Madamoiselle Mason!
It's Mason haute . . . er . . . "hat" couture! Tee hee hee.Actor Matt Le Blanc has shared a bit of information on the reunion special of FRIENDS, after it was put on hold amid the COVID-19 pandemic.
Advertisement.”
Advertisement
FRIENDS special episode will feature fellow cast members Matthew Perry, Lisa Kudrow, David Schwimmer, Jennifer Aniston and Courteney Cox.
Trending
Filming was scheduled to begin at the end of March, but production was said to be pushed to May at the earliest, according to Variety.
FRIENDS reunion special was officially announced in late February, confirming the cast will reunite for an “untitled unscripted special”.
Android & IOS users, download our mobile app for faster than ever Bollywood & Box Office updates!
Advertisement.
AdvertisementHong Kong to relax some Covid-19 social distancing rules
- As the coronavirus pandemic begins to stabilise, some activities like local tours and wedding ceremonies will be allowed to resume
- Chief Executive Carrie Lam said there were no untraceable infections in the city over the last three days
People in Hong Kong will be able to join local tours of up to 30 people each and wedding ceremonies of no more than 50 guests will be allowed starting from Friday, officials said on Tuesday.
But Hong Kong’s leader said the city, which has now recorded 5,261 confirmed infections, with 105 related deaths, had still not met the criteria for relaxing social-distancing measures on a broader scale.
Travel agencies taking advantage of the new rules must implement a series of infection-control measures while operating tours, or risk losing out on subsidies or their right to run groups locally.
Tour groups and wedding ceremonies were previously subject to caps of four and 20 people, respectively
At a Tuesday afternoon press conference, health minister Professor Sophia Chan Siu-chee said the government was adopting targeted measures in its bid to reduce virus transmission in the community.
“When adjusting social-distancing measures, we hope to avoid an all-or-nothing approach, and enhance cooperation with the sectors to enhance infection-control measures in related premises,” Chan said.
The new arrangement, which comes into effect on Friday, will require tourists to wear masks throughout their trip, while the transport used can only be 50 per cent full.
Covid-19 has taken a heavy toll on mental health in Hong Kong
The number of people allowed in business meetings, meanwhile, will be raised to 50 from the current 20, while team sports involving more than four people will once again be allowed in swimming pools.
But the new rules for weddings will not extend to banquets, and no food and drinks will be allowed at ceremonies. All other social-distancing measures will remain in place for at least another week.
Speaking at the same press conference, commerce minister Edward Yau Tang-wah said all local tours must be registered with the Travel Industry Council. The travel agency would also need to sign an agreement with the council ensuring members of the tour group complied with a set of rules.
Should students stop going abroad to study during Covid-19?
“Public health must be ensured in areas of itinerary, transport, dining, attraction visits and staff arrangements,” Yau said. “They must purchase health insurance for the tourists, record contact information of them … conduct temperature checks and ensure they wear masks throughout the trip.”
Yau said involved travel agencies would also be eligible to apply for subsidy schemes from the government and the Tourism Board.
Chief Executive Carrie Lam Cheng Yuet-ngor said while overall cases had been trending downward in the past week, there would be no major changes to current social-distancing regulations.
“It’s a matter of prudence. We do not have the criteria to enter the next phase of relaxation of social-distancing measures at the moment,” Lam said.Do you need to pay your mortgage with a bank card? It could be potential, however it is going to in all probability value you. How do you do it? What’s the fee? And when is it worthwhile? This text will reply all of your questions on charging your month-to-month mortgage fee.
Key Takeaways
- Mortgage lenders don’t settle for bank card funds straight.
- In case you have a Mastercard or Uncover card, you might be able to pay your mortgage by way of a fee processing service referred to as Plastiq for a 2.85% price.
- Due to the price, paying your mortgage with a bank card won’t be value it more often than not for most individuals.
Why Pay Your Mortgage With a Credit score Card?
The 4 causes individuals may think about making their month-to-month mortgage fee with a bank card are these:
- To earn credit card rewards
- To hold onto their money and financial institution a few further weeks’ value of curiosity
- To purchase a few further weeks to pay the mortgage with out making a late fee to the mortgage firm
- To keep away from foreclosure in any respect prices
These are all legitimate causes to need to pay your mortgage with a bank card. The primary three of those causes may offer you a slight monetary edge in the long term. The fourth may very well be extremely damaging. We’ll take a look at every choice in additional element under, however first let’s discover the logistics of paying your mortgage with a bank card.
Third-Social gathering Cost Companies
Many collectors won’t settle for bank cards to repay debt, and that features mortgage lenders. They know that doing so would imply letting clients commerce one type of debt—a comparatively low-interest and typically tax-deductible kind—for an additional with larger curiosity and isn’t tax deductible. Politicians, regulators, and the media would have a discipline day decrying such a observe.
Enter third-party payment processors. These firms will allow you to use a bank card to pay virtually any entity. Whereas the aggressive panorama is at all times evolving, essentially the most well-known and seemingly solely participant that processes mortgage funds is Plastiq, which expenses a 2.85% transaction price. You may be capable to discover a referral code on-line that offers you a couple of hundred {dollars} in fee-free transactions, however that can solely get you to this point—until you discover a strategy to earn extra free transactions by referring others your self.
Paying your mortgage with a bank card has some restrictions—even with Plastiq. The terms and conditions prohibit you from utilizing a Visa or American Categorical card to pay your mortgage by way of Plastiq. Contemplating different fee processors have come and gone up to now, Plastiq will not be round perpetually, or it might not at all times be an choice for making mortgage funds. Mastercard and Uncover might cease permitting mortgage funds by way of the service altogether. Conversely, extra choices might change into out there sooner or later to pay your mortgage with a bank card, maybe with more-competitive charges or new perks.
Ought to You Pay Your Mortgage With a Credit score Card?
Let’s stroll by way of every of the 4 causes you may need to pay your mortgage with a bank card and see whether or not they’re good concepts or not.
To earn rewards
Bank cards have two fundamental forms of rewards—sign-up bonuses and ongoing rewards. An indication-up bonus may offer you $300 cash back for spending $3,000 in your first three months as a cardholder. Ongoing rewards may offer you 2% again on each buy, together with the purchases you make to earn the sign-up bonus.
Let’s say your mortgage fee is $1,000. For those who incur a 2.85% price to make that fee, you’re dropping $28.50. Nonetheless, you may be capable to come out forward in considered one of these situations:
- Your bank card affords ongoing money again (or the equal in factors or miles) of three.0% or extra on this fee.
- Your bank card firm doesn’t categorize the third-party fee processor’s cost as a cash advance. Money advances usually incur charges and always begin accruing interest immediately, with a median rate of interest of 24.8% in 2020. Learn the effective print in your bank card settlement to search out out your card’s situations about money advances. If every part appears good, go forward and make a small take a look at buy by way of the fee processor earlier than making your full mortgage fee.
- You’ll earn a sign-up bonus value greater than the processing price, and also you wouldn’t be capable to earn the sign-up bonus by way of your typical spending. This could be essentially the most compelling motive to pay your mortgage a couple of times with a bank card.
- You’ll earn another bank card profit from the acquisition that’s value greater than the price, and also you wouldn’t be capable to earn this profit by way of your typical spending. Advantages you could be attempting to earn embody airline standing, lodge standing, a free lodge night time, or a free airline ticket for a companion.
The common bank card rate of interest in 2021 is nineteen.49%, greater than 5 occasions the typical mortgage rate of interest of three.18% (for a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage), so for those who can’t pay your bank card stability in full by the due date, don’t use it to make your mortgage fee.
To earn curiosity
For those who don’t carry a bank card stability, you get an interest-free grace period of round 21 to 25 days between when your bank card assertion is issued and your fee is due. Over the course of a yr, benefiting from this grace interval by maintaining your money in financial savings—the place it earns curiosity—till your bank card due date may earn you a couple of further bucks. It’s not a nasty factor to do with purchases you have been going to make anyway, so long as you might be by no means late to make a fee and by no means carry a stability.
With a 2.85% processing price to pay your mortgage with a bank card, nevertheless, you’re not going to earn sufficient curiosity in your financial savings account to come back out forward. The best high-interest savings account in 2021’s market solely pays 0.7% curiosity. You’re not going to even come near incomes that price again with 25 further days of curiosity.
To keep away from a late fee
Your mortgage fee is normally due on the primary of the month. Nonetheless, many lenders give debtors till the fifteenth to make their fee with out a late price. As soon as this grace interval ends, lenders impose hefty late charges (verify your assertion to see how a lot), however a late fee gained’t really be reported to the credit score bureaus till it’s 30 days late.
For those who want greater than the 15-day grace interval to pay your mortgage however need to keep away from a late price and credit score harm, you can pay your mortgage with a bank card on the 14th to purchase your self about 25 extra days to make your mortgage fee. You can come out forward if the fee processor’s price is lower than your lender’s late price and for those who repay your bank card stability in full by the due date. For those who don’t, you can find yourself in worse monetary circumstances by paying bank card curiosity, relying on how lengthy it takes you to repay what you owe.
To keep away from foreclosures
An extension of the thought above is to pay your mortgage with a bank card to keep away from foreclosures. It’s comprehensible to want to do anything possible to remain in your home. However, for those who’re to this point behind in your mortgage funds that you just’re going through foreclosures—a course of that your lender can’t provoke till anyplace from three to 6 months after your late fee, relying on the state by which you reside—your monetary circumstances are in all probability so tenuous that including bank card debt to your issues just isn’t in your greatest curiosity. Speaking to your lender and a housing counselor a few plan to keep away from foreclosures is a greater concept.
Ultimate tip: Take into account your credit score utilization
One other issue to think about is the impact of credit-card mortgage funds in your credit utilization ratio. In line with FICO, which generates the credit score scores that the majority main lenders use, credit score utilization (the share of your credit score line that you just’re utilizing on the time your assertion is issued) accounts for 30% of your credit score rating. For those who don’t need the truth that you are paying your mortgage through bank card to have an effect on your credit score utilization ratio, you have to to repay your stability earlier than your assertion is even issued—not simply earlier than your assertion due date.
That stated, when you have a excessive credit score line and also you solely use a minuscule proportion of it—say, lower than 10%—you don’t want to fret about paying your stability earlier than your assertion comes out. Such a low credit score utilization ratio shouldn’t hurt your rating.
An Instance of Paying Your Mortgage With a Credit score Card
After studying a headline like “How We Earned $2,000 in Credit score Card Rewards Paying Off Our Mortgage,” who wouldn’t need to pay their mortgage with a bank card? It’s a real story that non-public finance blogger Holly Johnson pulled off—and she or he used the rewards to assist fund a Mediterranean cruise for her household of 4.
Nonetheless, she was solely capable of obtain it as a result of her platform as a high-profile blogger allowed her to earn hundreds of {dollars} in free Plastiq transactions by referring her readers to the service. Most of us can’t try this.
The Backside Line
It’s solely below restricted circumstances that the typical particular person may profit from charging mortgage funds to a bank card. First, you’ll must discover a third-party fee processor that allows you to use your bank card to pay your mortgage firm. Second, you’ll must earn bank card rewards that exceed the fee processing price. Third, you’ll must pay your bank card stability in full, ideally even earlier than your assertion is issued, not solely to keep away from paying curiosity but additionally to keep away from affecting your credit score utilization ratio and probably hurting your credit score rating. If you are able to do all this stuff, paying your mortgage with a bank card may repay.
Is it potential to pay your mortgage with a bank card?
Sure, although it isn’t at all times a good suggestion from a monetary standpoint. The reason being that the majority mortgage servicer firms cost a comfort price to offset their value in accepting a bank card transaction, as they should accumulate 100% of the mortgage quantity owed every month. There are third celebration fee suppliers that basically settle for card funds after which lower a verify and mail the funds to the mortgage supplier however they too cost a price for his or her service. The deciding components in utilizing a bank card to pay a mortgage embody having a big sufficient credit score line to soak up such a big transaction along with every other spending that may go on the cardboard and the worth of any potential rewards being earned being larger than the comfort charges charged to make the transaction.
When does it make sense to cost your mortgage to a bank card?
If the timing is such that you would be able to’t mail in your month-to-month fee then it may be value the price of a comfort price to keep away from making a late fee, as late funds will present up in your credit score report and have a considerably unfavourable impact in your credit score rating. One other situation the place it may make sense is that if the worth of any bank card rewards within the type of money again, factors or airline miles is bigger than the price of the transaction comfort price.
What are the downsides of utilizing a card to pay your mortgage
The price of the comfort price might be the largest draw back of utilizing a bank card to pay your mortgage however one other, typically ignored, situation is that it may dramatically enhance your credit score utilization degree. Relying in your credit score restrict credit score utilization can go up over 30% for a lot of cardholders, a degree under which credit score scores are typically optimized. As credit score utilization grows credit score scores can lower accordingly.All you hear is a single click or repeated clicking coming from the engine compartment. I've had my ford escape hybrid of over a year now.
A bad starter relay on your ford vehicle will prevent the necessary electrical power from reaching the starter motor;
2010 ford escape starter problems. The second most common problem is related to the vehicle's fuel system, other (480 problems). There are a lot of issues that can cause your escape to crank, but not start. I have noticed many quirky things about it.
The 2010 ford escape has 3208 problems & defects reported by escape owners. 2010 ford escape sensor locations and sending unit locations The number one most common problem is related to the vehicle's engine and engine cooling with 507 problems.
We explain in this article the first checks to be carried out to find out if your car is really out of order! Average failure mileage is 59,800 miles. The worst complaints are engine, windows / windshield, and transmission problems.
Your battery may just be dead. However, there are a number of other problems that will prevent your vehicle from cranking. If you turn the key to the “start” position, but the engine won’t crank;
In most cases, it is your battery that will be at fault, but be aware that this is not always the case. When your ford won't turn over and crank, you may be having starter problems. I have done all the scheduled maintenance and have taken really good care of this suv since it was the first car that i brought brand new.
Starter continuously engaged, smoke and sparks from replaced. The engine doesn’t turn over, there’s no clicking sound, nothing happens. Starter motor (3.0l) rear of engine.
My 2003 ford escape has about 83,000 miles on it and i’ve had very little trouble with it. There are no abnormal noises coming from the car once i get it started up. Windshield wiper motor left rear of engine compartment.
5 months later same event occurred. 2005 ford escape 3.0l, v6 started having shifting issues, especially when shifting between 3rd and 4th gear.more like an stuttering motion, miss, or hesitation. I’d like to get some feedback on whether this is most likely a fuel pump or starter or other issue.
Replace starter solenoid, starter contacts, starter assembly or repair starter circuit as required. My latest problem is a big one. For the no crank problem, this would be due to an interlock switch being broken or out of position and preventing the starter solenoid from getting power.
The 2010 ford escape has 2 different fuse boxes: Temperature blend door actuator (driver) right side of dash. It really can get that one last start out of it.
Fail to cut off power; While there are a variety of reasons your ford escape won't start, the most common 3 are a dead battery, an alternator problem, or failed starter. So, you are having starting problems with your ford escape.
Yes, it does shut down when i stop, and then briefly restarts and it does lurch forward. Your first step is to determine what is causing the problem. Ford escape is the battery dead?
2,758 problems have been reported for the 2010 ford escape. The 2010 ford escape car makes a clicking noise but won’t start: A couple times lately, though, i’ve gone to start the thing, turn the ignition and nothing happens.
Passenger compartment fuse panel diagram; The following chart shows the 22 most common problems for 2010 ford escape. Power distribution box diagram * ford escape fuse box diagrams change across years, pick the right year of your vehicle:
My escape's current mileage is 120,200 k miles. Problems with starter continuously engaged, spark and melt positive wire. 0 246,000 miles, have had all recall items replaced.
Sometimes it lurches forward suddenly when i'm starting off slowly. Fortunately, all ford models have a remote relay near the battery, which makes it easy and convenient for troubleshooting. Temperature blend door actuator (passenger) right side of dash.
Engine cranks → won’t start. Also, if you are stuck somewhere and are trying to start your escape, the old beat the starter with a hammer trick is not a wives tale. I will give you 2 solutions because i do not know if the no start means it cranks and will not fire or if it just does not crank.
Replaced starter, tumbler and ignition module. Once you learn the signs that a starter has gone bad on a ford, you will know where. Or keep the motor from starting at all.
The 2010 ford escape has 5 problems reported for engine won't turn over, won't start. Discussion starter · #3 · apr 29, 2009.
Ford Escape Car Key Replacement (With images) Car key
2008 Ford Escape XLT Mallard Motors, LLC Ford escape
Pin by on Car key & chain Inspiration
200506 Ford Escape 5L8A12A650AAD V6 Engine Control ECU
New 2010 Ford F150 Interior Fuse Box Diagram https
Just arrived! Ford ranger, Ranger, Ford
Need PinOut's or Diagram for 42 Pin Engine Harness Ford
Pin de Cole Skelton en eXplorer's Vehiculos,
5 Pin Relay With Diode Wiring Diagram (With images
2015 Suzuki Grand Vitara 4Sport front three quarter press
Blue Bronco I like old Broncos Pinterest Ford bronco
Car Key Fob Keyless Entry Remote fits 20032010 Ford
Remote Key Fob 3 Button 315MHz/433MHz for Mazda B2500
Missing Link 2010 ford escape, Ford escape, Ford escape 2010
Ford/Mercury/Lincoln Keyless Entry Remote Programming
Pin on Buy Here Pay Here Cars
2008 Ford Explorer America Concept Ford explorer, Ford
Do you understand your car's dashboard? Tag your 3 friends
An Invasion of Encouragement
Last Sunday Mark encouraged us to launch an "Invasion of Encouragement." We all got snowballs (wiffle balls) stuffed with a message "The Joy of Jesus." He asked folks to take a picture with their "snowball" and then pass it on. Some people were too shy to include a selfie, but I got quite a few pics and then heard some stories about how they were used. So take a gander. We still have "snowballs" and we'll have them in a basket in the narthex on Sunday. My favorite story includes just taking the thing to your next event and tossing it around. You'll be smiling and thinking about Jesus, and can't help think that some laughter does us all good and makes God smile too. Special thanks to Kathy Pierson, Margaret Self, Debbie Pittman, Rhonda and Jim Williston, Dusty Williams, Peggy Burris, Marsha Ramee, David and Tula Chadwick,.Huachinango Tostadas (Crunchy Corn Tortillas Topped with Red Snapper)
This delightful signature dish from Veracruz, a Spanish-founded port-city and coastal state in eastern Mexico, takes tostadas to a whole new level of flavor and elegance.
Serves: 4Prep: 20 minutesCook: 20 minutesTotal: 40 minutesDifficulty: Easy
Serves: 4
Ingredients
- 2 tablespoons olive oil
- 1 tablespoon minced garlic
- 2 tablespoons finely diced yellow onion
- 1 cup roma tomatoes, diced
- 2 bay leaves
- 1⁄3 cup canned crushed tomatoes
- 1 tablespoon tomato paste
- 1 1⁄2 cups hot seafood stock or water
- 1⁄3 cup pickled whole jalapeños, cut into thin strips
- 15 sliced pimento-stuffed Spanish olives
- 2 tablespoons Spanish capers
- 1⁄4 teaspoon coarse salt
- 1⁄4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
- 1 cup small Yukon gold potatoes, diced and cooked al dente in salted water
- 1 1⁄4 pounds red snapper filets
- 1 lime, cut into in 8 wedges
- 1 can (16 oz.) Kroger Brand Traditional Refried Beans, heated
- 8 Kroger Brand Corn Tostadas
- 8 leaves leaf lettuce, washed and trimmed
- 1⁄2 cup curly parsley leaves, roughly chopped
Directions
- Dissolve tomato paste in hot seafood stock or water.
- In deep skillet over medium-high heat, sauté garlic and onion in olive oil, stirring frequently, until aromatic and translucent, about 2 minutes. Mix in tomatoes and continue to sauté 2 minutes.
- Stir in bay leaves, canned tomatoes, diluted tomato paste water, jalapeño strips, olives, capers, salt and pepper. Simmer uncovered 5 minutes. Lower heat, add potatoes.
- Immerse fish in sauce. Cook over medium-low heat until fish is opaque and flaky, about 5 minutes. Allow to cool slightly.
- Over each tostada, layer about 1 tablespoon refried beans, 1 lettuce leaf, ½ cup of fish and vegetables and sauce. Garnish with 1 tablespoon parsley and 1 lime wedge.Use this 3-in-1 everyday protection hand wash to fight germs causing illness, cleanse/purify and hydrate/moisturise your skin, travel pack size convenient for on the go.
With its revolutionary 3-in-1 protection, the liquid handwash cleanses and nourishes your skin.
All Round Protection: Removes bacteria, viruses, germs, other microorganisms, and even the most stubborn dirt, grime, and oil with every hand wash
Deeply Nourishing: Liquid handwash formula with natural aloe vera extracts that leave your hands feeling soft and nourished
Gentle On Skin: A moisturizing handwash that's free from harsh chemicals like sulfates and parabens; gentle on your skin and harsh on germs
Natural Ingredients: Suitable for and safe to use on all skin types
Easy To Carry: Easy, portable and compact liquid hand wash for your on-the-go needs
Neem's antibacterial, antiviral, and antifungal properties prevent diseases caused by germs
Tulsi's healing, antibacterial, antifungal, and anti-inflammatory properties protect and rejuvenate the skin
Aloe vera contains antioxidants and enzymes that help keep your hands hydrated and moisturisedAppearing in "What Fools These Mortals Be..."
Featured Characters:
Supporting Characters:
- Nurse Margaret "Maggie" Cambridge (Only appearance)[1]
- Nurse Daly (Only appearance)[1]
- Doctor Craigborne (Only appearance)[1]
- Sergeant McNamara (Only appearance)[1]
- Morrie (Only appearance)[1]
Antagonists:
Other Characters:
Locations:
Items:
Vehicles:
Synopsis for .
Appearing in "Origins of Alpha Flight: Deathwatch"
Featured Characters:
- Michael Twoyoungmen
- Katheryn Twoyoungmen (Only appearance; dies)[1]
- Elizabeth Twoyoungmen (First appearance)
Supporting Characters:
- Heather Hudson
- Ramsey McNeil (First appearance)
- Claire McNeil (First appearance)
- Max Bassaraba (Only appearance)[1]
- Michael Twoyoungmen's Grandfather (First appearance) (Death)
Antagonists:
Other Characters:
Locations:
- Canada
- Alberta
- Calgary
- Foothills Hospital
- Chinook Centre Medical Building
- Haysboro
- Sarcee Reserve
Items:
Vehicles:
Synopsis for atheryn is sick. He visits Dr. Bassaraba who informs her that her condition is terminal. Refusing to give up hope, Michael transfers her to another hospital where he can begin administering care to her personally. Their young daughter, Elizabeth, asks if Katheryn is going to be okay, and Michael makes her a promise that her mother will be fine. Her condition takes a turn for the worse however, and Katheryn passes away. Elizabeth, distraught by her mother’s death, blames Michael for breaking his promise and runs out of the room.
That same day, Michael learns that his grandfather has passed away as well.
Solicit Synopsis
Marvel's newest super hero team blazes ahead with no let-up in sight! It's field day for Puck fans, as Canada's diminutive daredevil goes solo in a dramatic tale of dangerous drug abuse. Featuring a back-up story chronicling the unknown origin of Shaman!
Notes
- Sequence 1 What Fools These Mortals Be... Puck and Shaman are the only two members of Alpha Flight to appear in this issue. They were both last seen in Alpha Flight Vol 1 2.
- Sequence 2 Deathwatch First and earliest chronological appearance of Elizabeth Twoyoungmen. She will be re-introduced in Alpha Flight Vol 1 18 as the super-hero known as Talisman.
- Earliest chronological appearance of Heather McNeil. She is only twelve-years-old in this issue. She will one day become the super-hero known as Vindicator.
Trivia
- First appearance of Michael Twoyoungman's Grandfather. However, his disembodied skull was first seen in Alpha Flight Vol 1 1.
See Also
Recommended Reading
- Alpha Flight Vol 1
- Alpha Flight (Volume 1) #2 (Puck is injured)
- Alpha Flight Annual 1 (Volume 1, 1986)
- Alpha Flight Special 1 (Volume 2, 1992)
- Alpha Flight Vol 2
- Alpha Flight Vol 3
Links and References
- Alpha Flight article at Wikipedia
- Alpha Flight at Marvel Universe
- Alpha Flight at the Marvel Directory
- AlphaFlight.Net
- Alpha Flight (Volume 1) series index at the Grand Comics Database
(additional notes and details)
Related Articles
- Alpha Flight cover art gallery
- Elizabeth Twoyoungmen appearances list
- Heather McNeil appearances list
- Puck appearances list
- Shaman appearances list
- Invisible Woman (Sue Richards)Orders placed after 4pm on Wednesday 18th December will be delivered beginning of January 2020
Melly @_gypseaa Every one wants and NEEDS a glowing complexion to feel and look their [...]
@oliviaculpo – We’ve found the best of the best to surprise your bestie and [...]
You don’t need to break the bank to look fab, take a cue from Amber [...]
We get it, you want to be tan and toned for all your body baring [...]
Sadly all good tans must come to an end. So before you start to exfoliate [...]
@taticure Bring the salon home! We found the perfect polish combos to complement your sunkissed [...]
Whether you getting a spray tan or applying self tanner, rules are rules and these [...]
The struggle is real when it comes to tanning your back. We mastered self tanning [...]
@charicuthbert Shower the leading lady in your life with the perfect present (or two!) 1. [...]
We understand that sometimes it’s hard to choose which tint is best suited for you, [...] [...]
Maintain a healthy summer glow with NKD SKN Summer is finally here! (if we can [...]
It’s time to get that summer tan on! Get inspired with some of our favourite bronzed blogger [...]
Show off your NKD SKN with this summer’s hot fringing trend! Festival season is here [...]
Enter our competition with #YourNKDSKN selfie to be in with a chance of winning [...]
Let me introduce to you to the world’s first Pre-Shower Tan. Pre Shower Tan is a revolutionary [...]
1.Breathe & find your inner calm Switch off your mobile! Sit in a quiet place [...]
Sunshine…we see you! With summer in sight it’s time to show some NKD SKN this [...] *FISSURE
@ The Traverse Theatre
Directed by Mary McClusckey
PASSout
For our HND end of term showcase, we were split into three performance companies and given a week to create three new devised pieces to perform at the Traverse. We were incredibly lucky to have directors Mary McCluskey, Pauline Lockhart and Sandy Thompson join us in this project and help create our three new pieces; Thin Slicing, sMother Earth and Fissure.
Working from the stimulus of "Ugly/Beautiful" we discussed our initial reactions and feeling to the theme and what concepts and images it brought up for us. We worked in circles of collaboration to improv, devise, and write a script for us to work from based on the issues we had discussed. Mary lead us through rehearsals, working with the ensemble focus and company discipline necessary to create work with pace.
While the rehearsal process for Fissure flew by, working in this way was a great opportunity for us all to use skills we would normally not get to showcase or would like the opportunity to develop, as well as being our first opportunity to perform on the Traverse stage.
Padraic Riddle
Performer, Theatre Maker & Facilitator
Retired detective creates hand-carved guitars
DETROIT – A Livingston County Sheriff’s Department detective is following his passion for music by turning 100-year-old reclaimed wood from deconstructed Detroit homes into hand-carved guitars.
Curt Novara, owner and operator of Woodward Guitar Co. in Detroit, combs through piles of wood at Reclaim Detroit, a nonprofit organization founded in 2011, which is diverting from landfills as much material taken from Detroit’s 78,000 vacant structures as possible. He is looking for the perfect piece of Douglas fir that has rings so tight it emits a warm sound when it becomes a guitar.
“I always wanted to be a police officer, but guitars always made me happy,” he said. “I didn’t think I could do both together.
“This wood,” Novara explained as he strummed a custom-made Woodward guitar, “grew in forest that was over 100 years old, and the trees grew close together because it was virgin land, and the canopy was so thick the trees grew slower. You’d get tighter growth rings. You get a much better quality of wood and much better sound.”
Mike Grass, owner of The Music Man in Brighton, often has people in his store wanting to sell their homemade guitars. He wasn’t sure what to expect when Novara approached him, but he picked up and played a Woodward guitar and was “pleasantly surprised.”
“I can’t quite put it into words how one guitar is better than another,” Grass said. “You can look and say the workmanship is flawless, which (Novara’s) is. It’s really a wonderful instrument that looks, feels and sounds great.”
Novara, a graduate of Northville High School, began playing guitar in eighth grade. At age 16, he was given the opportunity to apprentice with a local luthier, who is someone who makes or repairs string instruments.
That experience enhanced his interest in music and taught him the importance of a guitar’s tone.
He set aside his love of music and building guitars, however, to pursue a career in police work.
Following high school, Novara attended Wayne State University to study criminal justice and then attended and graduated from the Wayne County Regional Police Academy.
He found employment with the Livingston County Sheriff’s Department as a deputy in 1998 and was promoted to detective about five years ago.
Throughout the years, Novara has continued to enjoy music and when the opportunity to purchase reclaimed wood from Detroit — a city he has loved throughout his life — he decided to build the best guitar he could.
“The soul of the guitar comes from the hands that craft it,” he said.
Novara set out to find a partner who could create the guitar he envisioned for Woodward Guitar Co. — named after the avenue in Detroit.
He found luthier George Gorodnitski, owner of Master Guitars in Los Angeles.
Gorodnitski, who has built guitars for 25 years, said he jumped at the opportunity to build a guitar for Novara because he was using reclaimed wood, which is something no other guitar maker is doing, and because Novara allowed him to design the shape, something he loves to do.
Gorodnitski was cautious, however, because he knew older wood could have cosmetic flaws and cracks that could affect the quality of the guitar’s sound.’
Novara selects the wood and planes it before shipping it to Gordonitski, who then cuts and shapes the wood, and then builds the guitar.
“I carved the first one and I when I put it in my hand I knew it would sing,” said Gorodnitski, a native of Latvia, a country in the Baltic region of Northern Europe. “I was surprised at how acoustically resonating it is. It’s very old wood. ...
“The acoustic property of this wood is just amazing. I never heard any other wood that has such a beautiful tone. I connected it to an amplifier and it started to sing; it was wow,” he said, clearly excited. “I built three (guitar) bodies in two days.”
Once the guitar is built, Gorodnitski applies multiple layers of nitrocellulose lacquer, which he says “allows the guitar to breathe.” It takes days for the lacquer to dry and when it does, Gorodnitski then sands and polishes it before applying the guitar’s hardware, including tuners and pickups.
Each guitar is custom-built, Gorodnitski and Novara agreed.
The semihollow body — which is called “book-matched” because of the left and right side mirror each other — of the guitar is reclaimed Detroit, old-growth Douglas fir, while the neck is reclaimed maple.
The duo uses Indian rosewood on the fretboard and Novara said that is only piece that is not reclaimed wood because it is not native to this area.
The pickups are hand wound using aged Alnico 5 magnets and precise Wilkinson tuners.
The finish is sunburst and gives the impression the guitar is on fire.
“These guitars seem to have a spirit and musical presence that quite simply must be heard and felt to actually believe,” Novara said.
Lisa Roose-Church is a reporter for the Daily Press & Argus in Livingston County
More information
The Woodward guitar is sold at The Music Man at 5757 Whitmore Lake Road, Suite 1200, in Brighton Township and Detroit Guitar at 243 W. Maple Road in Birmingham.
On the Net:
Woodward Guitar Company:
Master Guitars:FWP working with the Department of Livestock following the detection of bovine tuberculosis in Blaine County
November 17, 2021
To assist in monitoring bovine tuberculosis, Montana Fish, Wildlife & Parks is looking to deer hunters in Blaine and Phillips counties for help.
In September, bovine tuberculosis (bTB) (DOL) is the lead agency for the investigation into this finding and any epidemiologically linked cat...
For access to this article please sign in or subscribe.Experience is the keyword for this latest crop of Restaurants We’re Dying to Try — from a restaurant set in an old Kentucky horse barn lined with bourbon barrels with a message about preserving agriculture and sipping bourbon, to a secret garden in Miami with twinkling lights and an above-water stage for live entertainment.
Or consider the experience of an Italian-American bakery in New Jersey that’s been transported to the chilled-out scene of Southern California, where guests can watch tableside as a server stirs pasta pomodoro into a melting wheel of grana Padano.
Room for Milly is a design-forward cocktail lounge in Denver commemorating Milly Parker, a jet setter from 100 years ago who was born into an East Coast family of means and who enjoyed an unconventional life of culture, luxury, travel, who’s who lists and cocktails. The décor at Room for Milly has been curated by female designers featuring female artists.
Read on for more experiences.
Contact Tara at [email protected]
Follow her on Twitter @Tara_FitzieAs an avid lover of live events, it’s been impossible to imagine a world without comedy shows, musicals and concerts.
Some of our favorite independent music venues and promoters like Drusky Entertainment, Mr. Smalls and the Carnegie of Homestead Music Hall have joined the National Independent Venue Association (NIVA) to launch the #SaveOurStages campaign.
The website makes it easy to send a templated email to Senators and Representatives letting them know how much we love these venues. While the debate rages on about how to safely open our economy, this is just one way to help the local entertainment scene.
– Robin Rectenwald, WordWriteProperty Attributes
- MLS#14619426
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyWEBSTER
- CityMinden
- NeighborhoodWest Acres
- Zip71055
- StyleTraditional
- Year Built1955
- Taxes$ 1365
- Price$ 157,000
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1884
- Lot Size10,019 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Amy Mealey with Carey Real Estate
Data Source:
North Texas Real Estate Info Systems (NTREIS) - 37 - TX
Property Description
This roomy house is much larger than it appears from the street! Brand new 4 ton HVAC!! Brand new water heater!! Freshly painted!! Roof is less than 3 years old!! 4 Bedrooms and 2 full bathrooms, plus 2 extra-large living areas! One bedroom has built-in cabinets and dresser, along with a bench that converts to a bed. Large fenced yard and lots of privacy. Owner-agent
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Room Details
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolBusiness mileage deduction can mean a fairly big amount of money (approx. $12,000) at the end of the tax year if you drive your own car for business purposes. You can always claim mileage on your taxes if you know how to keep track of mileage with mileage logs.
What are mileage logs?
“You should keep the proof you need in an account book, diary, log, statement of expense, trip sheets, or similar record. You should also keep documentary evidence that, together with your record, will support each element of an expense.” says the IRS.
The example picture that they provide looks like this:
When do you need to keep a mileage log?
- In the case of tax refunds for personal cars, the business/personal use ratio must be supported by a mileage log, and the tax can be refunded proportionally after the business part. Up to 90 – 100% can be reclaimed with mileage logs. However, we recommend a maximum of 80% – 20% business-personal use ratio, as anything above 80% is a red flag for IRS auditors.
- Business owners (independent contractors, freelancers, consultants, sole proprietors, partners in a partnership, and members of limited liability companies that are taxed as disregarded entities) are required to keep a mileage log if deducting the expenses of their vehicle used for economic activities.
- For businesses operating company cars, they are required to keep a mileage log, this, however, depends on the state your business is operating in. Nonetheless, practice shows that it is recommended to keep a mileage log to prove expenses, as the IRS often asks for it.
Mileage logs have formal requirements, therefore to claim a tax deduction for the business use of your car, it is important that it contains specified information.
According to the IRS, your mileage log must include a record of:
- the total mileage you drove in the tax year for business, commuting, and personal driving other than commuting,
- the first odometer or the last odometer reading of the year,
- the dates of your business trips,
- the address of the business partner you’ve visited,
- and the purpose of your trips.
The best choice to keep track of mileage for taxes is to have a contemporaneous mileage log.
Let’s take a look at some frequently asked questions about mileage logs and the related documentation!
- Do I need to collect refueling receipts when driving a company car?
We recommend keeping the receipts every time you fill your car! Even when you go on vacation by car, don’t lose the receipts, as they are one of the bases when creating your mileage log. We call them “fixed points“, as the safest way to create an IRS-proof mileage log is to build the travel itinerary around these unchangeable components. The reason for this is that the IRS can ask for supporting documentary evidence (e.g. filling bills) in the case of an Audit and the dates of fillings in your mileage log have to match with the ones indicated on the receipts.
- How often do I need to record my odometer readings?
In all cases, the mileage log should be kept in monthly blocks, however legally you’re required to record your annual odometer reading at the beginning of the year. In practice, it is worth recording them monthly to justify the tracked mileage you put in your mileage log.
- What kind of record should be kept of personal trips?
Many fall into the mistake of not recording personal trips. Yet you have to keep just as detailed records of them as you would do in case of business trips.
- What are the consequences of incorrectly kept mileage logs?
If you aren’t able to satisfactorily prove your mileage claims the IRS penalty for claiming business miles without a mileage log is $1000 or 50% of your income!
Tip: instead of 100% business use, I recommend everyone to have an 80-20% business – personal use ratio (unless you can prove 100% business use)!
- What is the best way of keeping track of your mileage?
The MileageWise mileage tracker app only uses your data when you arrive at your destination, recommending the parameters with which the trip should be saved and automatically creates the driven distance and route after the trip ended. No real-time GPS tracking needed. All the fuss with using up all your data for the month in the process, and killing your phone’s battery, disappears.
With the MileageWise Web Dashboard, if you’re worried that the end of the 2021 tax year is near: worry no more! Create as much retrospective log as you want to, and we make sure with the AdWise feature, which auto-populates your former trips and the Built-in IRS Auditor, which checks 70 logical conflicts (also monitoring the applicable legislation in that period) that your recommended logs are good to go and IRS-proof, meeting every expectation.
MileageWise saves your mileage logs securely in the cloud, so you never have to worry about losing them.
In summary:
For tax deduction claims – you’re required to keep a monthly mileage log.
Keep the receipts, record your odometer monthly – the IRS can ask for supporting documentary evidence.
Penalties are high – but deductions are high as well. So take care of your mileage logs.I was thrilled to spot a new book by one of my favourite authors on display at the Brodie Library a few months ago, and it didn’t disappoint. Jilly Cooper is popular British writer who has a passion for horses, and a knack for relationships. Her newest book, Mount! focusses on Rupert Campbell-Black’s horse racing empire. Rupert was introduced in Cooper’s first book, Riders, as a fun-loving young playboy who goes on to win an Olympic gold medal in show jumping. Nine books later he hasn’t changed much. Mount! begins with a descriptive list of both human and animal characters, which I skipped over at first, but did find handy to refer to when reading. Rupert doesn’t like to lose, and runs his racing and breeding stables with a firm hand. His staff of grooms and trainers live on his estate and for the most part get along as they are all horse lovers.
Ambition, loyalty and Rupert’s laser-focus on winning take their toll however, and this is where Cooper’s skilled writing about relationships shines. The story starts with a flash back to Rupert’s great (x 6) grandfather’s ill-fated horse race through a spooky wood. This plants many seeds for the rest of the book, including rivalry, revenge and family ties. Cooper brings in characters from her other books, but I don’t think you need to have read them to enjoy Mount! International intrigue is woven into the story as Rupert travels to expand his business. Mount! is a big juicy story which takes readers within the high-stakes world of horse racing.Toronto, ON (Apr. 13, 2018) – The Insurance Brokers Association of Ontario (IBAO) is making changes to invite newly created brokerages to join their membership. To better reflect the current range of brokerages in the province, the association is adding a new category to its membership fee structure for Startup Brokerages.
“This category was created to allow new brokerages to join the association at a reasonable cost while they grow their new business,” said IBAO CEO Colin Simpson. “Attracting new members is crucial. The IBAO is most effective when it represents the majority of our profession.”
IBAO Members approved the proposed change in a vote at last week’s Annual General Meeting and it is effective immediately. Over a three-year period, Startup Brokerages will gradually build up to paying the full membership rate while they develop. In the first three years of their membership, Startups will only be required to pay 25% of the going rate the first year, 50% in the second and 75% in the third moving to standard rates in the fourth year.
This initiative is designed to attract new entrants to the industry. To qualify, brokerages must meet the following requirements:
- The brokerage must be newly registered with RIBO – within the past 24 months.
- The brokerage must be joining the association for the first time.
Each qualifying brokerage will only receive the pricing incentive once, and the IBAO Board of Directors will have discretion in admitting members into this new category.
Three brokerages that meet the new criteria joined the association last year. Within IBAO’s research, the majority of the approximately 22 who did not join cited cost as their primary reason.
“Our hope is that this incentive will attract and retain these brokerages once they have experienced the true value of being a member of the association. Welcoming these newly created businesses as members will strengthen our collective voice and enable us to leverage their unique perspectives,” said IBAO President Brian Purcell.
For any brokerages that are interested in taking advantage of this new membership opportunity, please contact Brett Boadway at [email protected].)Department of Recreation Administration
Welcome to the Department of Recreation Administration
Recreation Administration (RA) is a Health and Human Services degree program. Recreation contributes to the health and well-being of individuals and enhances the quality of community life. Our courses encourage students to learn and participate in hands-on activities to help all people live healthy, enjoyable, active, and meaningful lifestyles. Recreation Administration majors are active in the classroom and in the community. The profession focuses on the principles underlying recreational activities and the practices involved in providing indoor and outdoor recreational facilities and services for the general public. These recreational activities and services take place in outdoor recreation, parks and recreation, therapeutic recreation programs for people with disabilities, campus recreation, commercial recreation, travel and tourism, and youth serving organizations. This field of study is multidisciplinary requiring an understanding of social, behavioral, and environmental sciences as they pertain to helping people grow and develop in their leisure pursuits while conserving our natural resources. Knowledge of the arts and humanities is also important because leisure provides opportunities for self-expression and the development of community.
Accreditation
The Recreation Administration program at CSU Fresno has been continuously accredited
by the Council on Accreditation for Parks, Recreation, Tourism and Related Professions (COAPRT) since 1984.. COAPRT is accredited by the Council
on Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA).
Sam Lankford, Ph.D.
Chair and Professor
slankford@csufresno.edu
Office Location:
Professional Human Services, Room 121
Phone:
559.278.2838
Semester Hours:
Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
(closed 12 - 1 p.m.)Click on a question below to view its answer. If you have any questions that are not listed, please email us at info@collaborata.com.
Research buyers can purchase projects posted on Collaborata. They can also post projects for competitive bidding. Research sellers bid on client projects and can post their own multi-client projects. Everybody saves because of cost-sharing. And everybody benefits because of insights-sharing.
Yes. Signup and posting are free.
Research and insights projects of all types, especially those that focus on specific consumer targets. Think Millennial moms, avid gamers, foodies, or workout mavens. All projects are executed by subject-matter experts and deliver deep insight about a particular audience. All methods, designs, and deliverables. Qualitative, quantitative, secondary research, hybrids. You name it.
Those that are neither proprietary nor confidential in nature. In other words, research and insights projects that are about timely topics, trends, and targets that would be valuable to many companies or organizations.
Try both. If you have a project in mind -- one that will have shareable results that would be also valuable to others-- post it. And, of course, always look for projects that interest you, as you’ll be able to buy each at a near 90% discount.
Projects can be posted either by research clients, suppliers, or client/supplier teams. If it’s a client, the project is competitively bid on the platform by our network of vetted research partners. In the other two scenarios, there’s no supplier selection, so the price is immediately set. In order for suppliers to post a project, they must join our research partner network. (Please see the next question about how to become a Collaborata research partner!)
Collaborata conducts a vetting process to ensure all projects posted on the site are bid on and executed by subject-matter experts. Please see, Become a Partner for details or email ben@collaborata.com.
A client and supplier can post a project in tandem. So, rather than posting the project to be competitively bid, a client can partner with a trusted supplier from the outset.
This responsibility will usually fall to the supplier, with input from the client.
The seller’s price is multiplied by 1.25. Once this total (125% of the seller’s price) has been raised, the project is a “go.” (For example if the seller’s price is $100,000, the project is launched once it reaches $125,000 in funding.)
This additional margin covers referral bonuses and Collaborata's fee.
The total project price (i.e., the seller's price plus the 25% margin) is divided by the number of shares the seller determines -- as few as two and as many as 10. Therefore, it takes the purchase of anywhere from two to 10 co-sponsoring shares to reach the sponsoring goal for each project.
Anybody can opt to buy more than a single share in order to get a project over the finish line. Many projects offer incentives for purchasing a second share, such as proprietary questions, special analysis, or in-person presentations.
Yes. There will be as many co-funders for each project as the market warrants, although it takes only two to 10 sold shares to launch a project. Projects that exceed their funding goals generate “revenue overages,” which are shared with lead clients (the clients who post the projects) and suppliers. We believe in sharing!
Whoever posts the project. For now, there are three options: 30, 45, or 60 days.
No money changes hands on projects that do not fully fund.
Yes. Whoever posted the project may decide whether to extend the timeline.
First, we believe a sense of urgency helps. Second, there are two key tactics: 1) Get all stakeholders to proactively promote the project through the “Refer-a-Friend” program via email, LinkedIn and Twitter; and 2) Encourage the lead client, the supplier, and any co-funders to consider buying additional shares to get the project over the finish line.
The lead client (the client who posted the project) makes the final decision. That decision can be made with input from co-sponsors, guided by the research design, pricing, as well as the supplier’s reputation and history on Collaborata.
Clients registered on Collaborata can rate a supplier at anytime, using a five-star measure and by offering comments. Suppliers should ask their clients to register on Collaborata and rate them. Clients are also sent an email request to rate a supplier at the conclusion of each Collaborata project.
In this unlikely case, the lead client would reject all of the bids. The project would remain on the platform as “Requesting Bids.” Once the first bid (of this next round) is received, the “clock begins” again, and other suppliers would have up to seven days to submit their bids. (Also, the lead client could offer specific direction to a supplier to modify a bid.) Collaborata might also step in to find the right expert to bid on the project.
Yes. Collaborata aims to deliver three supplier bids from our network of vetted research partners for each client-posted project. (Again, a client may opt to post a project in partnership with a supplier, in which case that project is not competitively bid.)
Collaborata is an open-marketplace; therefore, in theory, any supplier could bid on any project. Marketplace pressure, however, should encourage suppliers to focus on those projects that are in their “wheelhouse” (i.e., those that they’re more likely to win). And, remember, suppliers are rated on Collaborata based on the clients’ experience in working with them. And, Collaborata may also choose to step in to assure suppliers with the right expertise are bidding on a particular project.
Yes, you certainly can direct message any supplier on the platform and ask them to bid on your project. You also could ask other suppliers you know and trust who are not yet on Collaborata to register on the platform so that they can bid on your project. Finally, you always have the option not to have your project competitively bid; instead, simply partner with a trusted supplier from the outset (and, again, just make sure that supplier registers on Collaborata and goes through the vetting process).
Simply click on a user's name anywhere on the site (you'll be directed to that user's profile page). Click on the green "Send Message" button near the top of the screen. Type your message and click “send.” (Recipients will be alerted via email that there’s a message waiting for them in their inbox on Collaborata.)
Yes, two suppliers may team up on Collaborata. One, however, needs to be the “lead supplier,” and this is the supplier whose company is shown next to the project title and funding bar. However, we suggest within “Supplier’s Qualifications” (which is a text field in the Wizard), you describe both suppliers’ qualifications (and the benefit to the client of your partnership on this project).
Collaborata offers an opportunity for suppliers to be consultative with clients in a new way. A trusted supplier may be aware of projects that his or her clients would love to do, but simply aren’t in the budget. But maybe the client could free up 10% of the cost to get the work done and also be collaborative in terms of sharing the results. If you’re a supplier and are unaware if there are projects on your clients’ wish list that would be good fits for Collaborata, ask them! The very conversation is an opportunity to get closer to your clients and help them solve problems.
Once the first supplier bid is received in the lead client’s inbox on the platform, the “clock starts,” and all competitive bids must be submitted within seven days. Everybody “following” the project will receive an email alert stating the deadline.
No. Suppliers’ bids are directly messaged into the lead client’s inbox on the platform.
On a client-posted project 10% goes to the lead client and 20% to the supplier. On a supplier-created project, 60% goes to the supplier. And on a client/supplier co-created project 10% goes to the lead client and 40% to the supplier.
Yes. If a project exceeds its funding goal, suppliers share financially in the success. So, suppliers should keep this potential upside in mind when it comes to both their original pricing and in helping the project get over the finish line (by actively promoting the project and even potentially swooping in and buying the last co-funding shares themselves).
They’re similar in that each is “owned” by a market-research supplier and each is supported by multiple clients. Collaborata offers a uniquely responsive platform for client input, a wide reach for promoting a supplier’s offering, and the flexibility to decide whether to repeat the project in the future. And, if a supplier’s project doesn’t gain client interest on Collaborata, the supplier will know that it likely doesn’t have a commercial offering (before investing in marketing the study, let alone fielding and producing it). A Collaborata project, however, isn’t designed to be repeated; therefore, it’s timelier and more customized than a syndicated study. As one Collaborata client remarked, “Calling Collaborata ‘syndicated’ is like calling Uber a taxi company.”
Yes. First, your bid should be clear, thoughtful, and compelling. Carefully explain the rationale behind your design and methodology, remember to talk about any unique approaches, tools, and expertise. And, in crafting your “pitch,” convincingly articulate your project’s value proposition. Finally, price your project well!
It’s important that everybody involved in a project (clients and supplier) play an active role in promoting the project to a successful launch. The best strategy is to take an organized approach right from outset, which Collaborata will play a part in. Specifically, we suggest that all team members on both the client and supplier side pull together lists of appropriate individuals within their professional networks to whom to invite to the project. Clicking on the “Refer This Project” button send invites to the project (tracked to your account) through email, LinkedIn, and Twitter. Encourage those you invite to do the same thing, as that’s the surest path to a fully funded project! And, remember: everybody benefits not only by launching important work together, but also by earning a bonus equivalent to 20% of (10% for you and 10% for your friend) what their invitees spend on the project. That’s incremental revenue that’s credited to your account.
No, a supplier may not include a contingency clause in a Collaborata bid, because multiple clients are agreeing to co-fund a project at a set price. So, it’s important that suppliers smartly bid their projects to cover potential cost increases (including lower-than-expected incidence levels), but to still bid the project competitively. Remember: Collaborata projects offer revenue upside to suppliers and the opportunity to cultivate new relationships at several client companies.
Once you click on “Co-fund This Project,” you’re committing to paying for this project, assuming it fully funds within the stated funding timeline. So, be careful. For example, if you’re committing Q2 budget to a Collaborata project whose funding timeline extends into Q3, you should plan for that in advance, as your commitment to Collaborata must be honored within the project timeline. Remember: you’re one of as many as 10 individual funders for each project, and everybody is counting on everybody for a successful outcome. There can be no exceptions.
Yes. When clicking on “Co-Fund This Project,” clients must “agree” with the platform’s terms and conditions, which include this one. So, you are contractually committing to pay the co-funding amount if the project fully funds within the timeline. There is no backing out, as it’s critical that all co-funders honor their commitments!
Anybody -- a client, a supplier, a “Collaborata Fan” -- can earn incremental revenue by successfully referring a co-funder to a project that fully funds. You'll earn a "commission" equivalent to 10% of that individual’s spend on that specific project. And, the co-funder will receive a 10% discount on any project they are referred to. Give 10%. Get 10%!
A registered user on the site who’s not directly involved with the project at hand but still refers the project to potential co-funders. For example, someone within your professional network may come across a project on Collaborata that they believe might interest you. If they invite you using the “Refer-a-Friend” button and you become a co-funder of a project that fully funds (using the link they send you), they’ll receive a referral commission equivalent to 10% of your spend on the project. And, you'll receive a 10% discount. Again, you don’t have to be involved in a project to refer it and to earn a commission. That’s part of the collaborative aspect of the platform: discovering and sharing projects that might be of interest to others.
The “Refer-a-Friend” button shares a unique URL (that gets tracked back to you) through either email, LinkedIn, or Twitter. Simply click on the “Refer-a-Friend” button, and it works! (One “watch-out”: if you delete your “cookies” on your browser after referring a project, we will lose the ability to link the referral back to you and, therefore, we wouldn’t know that you invited a potential co-funder and wouldn’t be able to credit your account. So, please, avoid deleting cookies for Collaborata’s sake.)
No, you must invite co-funders using this tool; it’s the only way we’re able to make sure you get paid.
As a registered user on Collaborata, you’ll have your own “Dashboard.” This is where you’ll see your referral commissions accumulate. Once you reach a balance in excess of $250, you can click on the “Cash-Me-Out” button, and Collaborata sends you (or your company) a check. If you prefer bigger checks, refer more friends and wait longer. If you prefer, we can credit your company’s Collaborata account, so you can apply these commissions to your next purchase. But, you must either cash out or use your credits within one year.
It’s up to you (not us) to inquire if your company has a policy that would not allow you to personally receive referral bonuses. If you find your employer has such a policy, you may direct us to either credit their account or send them a check. Once your balance exceeds $250, Collaborata will ask you to make a choice, which could include providing an address to send a check to your employer (which we’ll do along with citing you for your resourcefulness).
Unless a project is of a particularly timely nature or it’s planned to be repeated within in a year in an updated form, it will stay “live” on the site to allow for greater funding for one full year after being fully funded. (Remember, lead clients and suppliers share in this “revenue overage.”)
That’s correct. Once a project has been completed and delivered, a client may purchase it for immediate delivery. Additionally, this scenario generates “revenue overages,” which are shared with lead clients and suppliers.
That’s what we’re calling the client who created (and originally posted) the project.
The lead client selects the supplier. Then, the lead client’s primary role is to help the supplier keep the process moving by having the final say and approving all project-related decisions, after appropriately considering input from co-funders. So, as much as we want to foster collaboration, we also want a smooth, timely process. The lead client becomes the supplier’s go-to decision maker, helping to assure that the project stays on time. The lead client should also help to promote the project so that it fully funds.
No surprise, we’re great believers in collaboration. But, we’re also believers in process. So, the most collaborative of lead clients -- those who are looking not only for budget help from co-funders but also for their thinking in helping to shape projects -- will actively seek and embrace co-funders’ input, while adhering to the project timeline. Each project has its own page on Collaborata. And, each project page allows for comments from collaborators as well as status updates from the supplier.
It’s up to each co-funder to decide the degree to which to get involved with each project -- that is, how collaborative to be during each stage of the project. Of course, your decision may vary from project to project and will likely, in part, depend on your availability. Please do remember, however, that it’s important for each co-funder to help get the project fully funded by inviting others to be co-funders (while earning referral commissions along the way).
As with all projects, the best supplier is a strong consultant. In fact, on Collaborata, the most effective supplier will play a key role in encouraging collaborative thinking and input. Think about it: This (very fortunate) supplier now has the opportunity to develop new relationships with up to 10 client companies per project! So, a supplier with strong client-management skills will figure out who wants to contribute and how (and who’d prefer to take a back seat). That said, be careful: Co-funders have agreed to scope, as described in the supplier’s bid. So, enhancing and/or increasing the scope will likely be met favorably by co-funders; while decreasing it will probably have the opposite effect. And, remember: Collaborata is a marketplace, and clients are asked to rate suppliers after each project.
We’ll invoice you and can reference your PO# on the invoice. If you prefer, you can pay by credit card. (If we've never worked together before, we may ask that you pay by credit card.) Finally, you’ll be able to view your invoicing history on your “Dashboard” page on the site.
As soon as a project has been fully funded, co-funders are invoiced 80% of the total price. The remaining 20% is invoiced upon delivery. However, for projects that are immediately deliverable (i.e., those that are already complete), 100% is invoiced at time of purchase. Payment terms are net 10 days.
When a project fully funds, the first 1/3rd payment is made to the supplier. The second 1/3rd is paid when the supplier has forwarded all deliverables to all current co-funding clients. The final 1/3rd is paid 30 days after delivery. Collaborata will make these payments within 10 days of these milestones.
Suppliers will directly deliver to clients.
Don’t hold back; let the supplier know what you think -- just as if you had engaged this vendor on a custom project. It's the client's responsibility to deliver on time; great clients are typically reasonable clients, too.
The client has authorship over the projects it posts/creates, regardless of who conducted the research. The client also owns the authorship over a project it posts in partnership with a supplier. The supplier retains authorship over its own posted projects.
No, any project posted on Collaborata is to sell exclusively on Collaborata.
Yes, a supplier could “re-package” a recent project or recently collected data in such a way as to make it a “Collaborata-exclusive.” The key is that it’s been changed in a significant way (even if it’s based on the same data) from what the supplier is marketing elsewhere. In such a case, this new version could be posted as a fully funded project, which means clients could purchase it immediately.
If, as the supplier, you have a project that is complete (and you opt to sell on an individual basis on Collaborata), simply set the individual purchase price. You do not need any minimum of co-funders. Collaborata will simply add 25% to your individual purchase price, which will cover referral commissions and any potential margin for the platform.
Collaborata sends out timely emails to all stakeholders each step of the way to keep each project on track. And, each project has its own Collaborata page, where real-time updates are posted. (And, of course, you can always refer to this handy FAQ document!)
First, check the project page for the supplier’s “status updates,” which are designed to keep co-funders (and prospective new co-funders) updated on a project’s progress. If you have any additional questions about the project, direct those to the supplier through the messaging system on the platform or through email. Questions about the platform are likely answered in this document. Billing questions should be directed to info@collaborata.com. Questions about becoming a research partner should be directed to ben@collaborata.com.Medical claims continue to top the number of claims recorded by Chubb in 2017 for Business Travel Insurance policies. While medical evacuations and repatriations form only a small percentage in comparison, their usually high cost may be covered by a group business travel insurance policy.
All businesses, small and large, have an often their best chance of a positive outcome. Chubb’s 24-hour assistance partners enable insured business travelers to travel with confidence knowing that help following a covered loss is just a phone call away.
Here are four recent cases to show how Chubb has delivered emergency assistance in various countries.
Case 1
Medical Repatriation from Buenos Aires, Argentina to Australia
Case 2
Medical Repatriation from Greece to Malaysia
Case 3
Medical Repatriation from China to Singapore
Case 4
Medical Repatriation from Pattaya, Thailand to Singapore
Download the full infographic..BankMuscat sees 20% profit increase
Oman's BankMuscat has posted a 20% increase in net profit for the six-month period ended June 30, 2012, to OR68.4m, compared with OR57.2m reported during the same period in 2011, Muscat Daily has reported. Net interest income rose 2.8% to OR108.9m from OR105.9m a year ago. Impairment for credit losses for the six-month period in 2012 dropped slightly from OR25.7m in 2011 to OR25m.>>IMAGE.
The festival also included several other great acts, such as the reunited Slowdive, Julien Baker, Hop Along, Beach Slang, Against Me!, Foxing, The Front Bottoms, Deftones, Baroness and more.
Reviews were mixed for Jane's Addiction'sWe use one single ID for signing into more than fifty applications. We only need to use one ID.
Imprivata OneSign OverviewUNIXBusinessApplicationPrice:
What is Imprivata OneSign?
Imprivata OneSign delivers fast, secure no-click-access and most other applications throughout their workflow. These laborious login requirements can disrupt clinical focus and obstruct patient care.
Imprivata OneSign is also known as OneSign, Imprivata OneSign Authentication Management.
Buyer's Guide
Download the Single Sign-On (SSO) Buyer's Guide including reviews and more. Updated: October 2021
Imprivata OneSign Customers OneSign VideoMini Rock Crusher For Granite,Mobile Mining Construction
Mini Rock Crusher For Granite Mini-Jaw Crusher is a widely used type of mini rock crusher which is suitable for crushing small quantities of rock and other friable material, ranging in hardness from hard quartz to relatively soft claystone.More
granite mobile crusher machine, granite mobile crusher
Alibaba offers 5,627 granite mobile crusher machine products. A wide variety of granite mobile crusher machine options are available to you, such as warranty of core components, local service location, and key selling points.More
Cheap Mobile Granite Crusher For Sale 2021 Best Mobile
Find 2021 quality & cheap mobile granite crusher for sale. You can get inexpensive mobile granite crusher with discounted price from the most reputable wholesalers.More
Mobile Granite Crusher Price Buy Cheap Mobile Granite
Comparing mobile granite crusher prices. You can easily wholesale quality mobile granite crusher at wholesale prices on Made-in-China.More
Granite Mobile Crusher Price Buy Cheap Granite Mobile
Comparing granite mobile crusher prices. You can easily wholesale quality granite mobile crusher at wholesale prices on Made-in-China.More
China Mobile Crusher Plant/Mini Mobile Crusher for
Mobile Crusher Plant/Mini Mobile Crusher for Aggregate/Limestone/Granite/Black Stone Crushing Plant picture from Jinan Hengsheng Engineering Machinery Co., Ltd. viewMore
mini mobile crusher for granite hitlershollywood.de
mini rock crusher for granite mobile mining construction for sale and Granite mining machinery cement for building cheap price aggregate jaw crusher machine Mini Portable Jaw Crusher Plant and Granite Jaw Crusher Mini portable jaw crusher plant is a mobile work sitewith low investment costlow energy consumptionconvenient operation and .More
Granite Recycling, Jaw Crusher For Sale, Concrete
Dec 12, 2017· MBMM is excited to announce the newest addition to our jaw crusher lineup for 2018. The "Slab Crusher" offers a 6" x 30" opening designed specifically for s...More
granite mobile crushers Buy Quality granite mobile
Mobile Granite Crusher Granite Crusher Machine Mobile Granite Rock Crusher Movable Mining Crushing Machine Price $4,500.00-$98,000.00 1 Set (MOQ)More
crusher for granite, crusher for granite Suppliers and
Mobile mini stone granite small lab jaw crusher for mining The Nile Brand mobile jaw crusher machine uses compressive force for breaking of particle. The movement of the swing jaw can be quite small, since complete crushingMore
_11<<
Rock/Granite Stone Applied Mobile Crusher 120 Ton Price
High-efficiency Rock Crushing Machine China Factory Price Direct Sale Granite Crushing Plant Mobile Stone Crusher Up to 5 years warranty US $32000-$120000 / Set granite stone crusher, granite stone crusherMore
China Mini Mobile Stone Jaw Crusher Machine China
China Mini Mobile Stone Jaw Crusher Machine, Find details about China Granite Jaw Crusher, PE 250X400 Jaw Crusher from Mini Mobile Stone Jaw Crusher Machine Gongyi HengchangMore
China Mini Mobile Stone Crusher Machine for Black/Granite
Type: Mobile Crusher Motor Type: AC Motor Motor Power: Deponds on The Machine Mode Application: Mine Materials: Coke Outlet Size: AdjustableMore
China Mobile Aggregate Crushing Plant/Mini Mobile Crusher
China Mobile Aggregate Crushing Plant/Mini Mobile Crusher for Limestone/Granite/Black Stone Crushing Plant, Find details about China Crusher, Crushing Machine from Mobile Aggregate Crushing Plant/Mini Mobile Crusher for Limestone/Granite/Black Stone CrushingMore
China Mobile Crusher Plant/Mini Mobile Crusher for
Mobile Crusher Plant/Mini Mobile Crusher for Aggregate/Limestone/Granite/Black Stone Crushing Plant picture from Jinan Hengsheng Engineering Machinery Co., Ltd. viewMore
Mini Portable Jaw Crusher Plant and Granite Jaw Crusher
However, a full set of large-scale granite jaw crusher costs a considerately high investment. Our company can customize mini portable crusher plant and granite jaw crusher as you required, which can also cooperate with belt conveyor and vibrating screen becoming a small scaled stone crushingMore
Red Rhino Crushers
red rhino mini crushers and screeners Simon Winfield the owner of Red Rhino is proud to have acquired the Red Rhino business in 2009 and developed an impressive ‘corporate brand’ in two modern dayMoreGEOCOIR®/DeKowe® Biodegradeable Geotextiles
GEOCOIR®/DeKowe® biodegradable geotextiles are used for slope stabilization and protection of stream banks, shorelines and wetlands. They are made from exceptionally high strength woven coir fiber twine.
GEOCOIR®/DeKowe® biodegradable geotextiles are available in 3 standard weights, 400, 700 and 900 grams/sq meter and the unique 2307 fencing system.
GEOCOIR®/DeKowe® biodegradable geotextiles hold seed and plant materials in place as the vegetation takes hold. As soon as they accomplish their function, (up to 10 years depending upon application) GEOCOIR®/DeKowe® biodegradable geotextiles decompose and fit into the natural ecological cycle, leaving a flourishing, healthy natural vegetative barrier against further erosion problems.
Dekowe 700 is approved for use as a WI DOT class 2C erosion mat.
Antiwash®/Geojute® Biodegradeable Geotextiles
ANTI-WASH®/GEOJUTE® is the answer to short term soil stabilization problems. Made from natural fiber jute, un-dyed and unbleached, it is totally biodegradable within two years. ANTI-WASH®/GEOJUTE® is excellent for landscaping as it controls erosion in new plantings. Plantings can be made after installation is complete.
100% jute blanket is approved for use as a WI DOT class 2A erosion mat.Creamden Long Boots_3 color
$129.00 $110.00
Editor's Notes
nuus is a brand that fundamentally materializes the harmony of ergonomic comfort and fashion.
- Made from gloss leather texture
- Wild square toe is modern and chic
- Modern chic mood long boots
- Set on sculpted, stacked block heels
- Wear yours with maxi skirt or wild pans to complete modern & chic outfit
Measurements(in.)
- Size: KR225mm(US5.5) - KR250mm(US8)
- Heel height 1.2in.
- Fits true to the size
Composition & Care
- Outshell: Composition leather
- Lining: Synthetic leather
- Sole: Rubber
- Do not wash
- Professional shoe cleaning recommended
Designer
- by nuusPosted by cheryldraper
Today significant the first day of the first-ever MozCon Virtual! Although we weren’’ t together personally, it was so interesting to get the very best individuals in the market together once again.
So much of the day was various from what we anticipated 6 months earlier, however the something we can constantly depend on from our speakers is a MASSIVE quantity of worth. We’’ re talking insights, strategy, cheat codes —– you call it, we’’ ve got it– and this year was no various.
.
Let ’ s get to it.
. Sarah Bird– Welcome &State of the Industry.
It’’ s constantly motivating to speak with our courageous leader. Sarah struck on a few of the modifications that we’’ ve seen this year and how they ’ ve impacted both us as individuals and us as a market.
.
Sarah likewise set out her ideas on significant SEO patterns for 2020.
AAAAAND WE'' RE OFF! #MozCon Virtual @Moz CEO, @SarahBird , discusses her take on the State of the Industry. 5 Timely Trends for 2020:1. inviting our robotic overlords2. entities3. understanding panel4. localization of everything5. brand-new &&increase search experiences
—– James Wirth (@jameswirth) July 14, 2020
In closing, Sarah advised us that we fluctuate jointly which in the end, the world is our work. In hard times we should all come together.
We’’ re all so pleased to be able to enable and develop this virtual experience for everybody to have something (rather) foreseeable to eagerly anticipate for 2 days.
.Andy Crestodina —– Thought Leadership and SEO: The 3 Key Elements and Search Ranking Strategies.
Andy started by strolling us through the 3 essential elements of idea management: individual brand name, deciding, and showing skilled insights.
Then, extremely kindly, Andy set out precisely what to do to meet each element.
.Specialist Insights.Produce initial researchWrite booksShare unique concepts.Decide.Have a strong opinionDon’’ t avoid controversyInspire others.Construct an individual brand name.Have a social followingBe pointed out by othersBe prominent.
This discussion was 163 slides of actionable insights. It’’ s certainly one that we’’ ll need to enjoy a couple of times over!
.
#Mozcon thank goodness I can rewatch this material. @crestodina offered a lot terrific understanding. I ' ll need to view once again and once again. #winning
— Seth @ Goldstein Media( @GoldsteinMedia) July 14, 2020 . Shannon McGirk– Great Expectations: The Truth About Digital PR Campaigns.
Shannon — concerned set us directly: we aren ’ t revealing the complete photo when it concerns Digital PR, and it ’ s rather hazardous.
.
She began by revealing a few of’her own tweets and mentioning that she seldom, if ever, shares anything about projects that put on ’ t “ go viral ”.
.
Shannon described that we speak about “Digital PR projects as if most of them are “ substantial wins ”. The truth, nevertheless, is that the majority of our projects will be consistent entertainers and the big wins are in fact simply abnormalities.
.
How we speak about projects:
.
.
How projects really carry out:
.
.
Aira put out a state of digital PR research study and discovered that many projectsjust got in betweenone and 20 links. When Shannon broke down the numbers for Aira, they corresponded: about 17 links were gotten per project!
.
What do we do about this? Shannon challenged us to take as much time checking out what didn ’ t work as we do checking out what did work.
.
Using a customized made success matrix, Shannon and her group were able’to find the patterns for both “ effective ” and “ not effective ” projects and carry out strategies appropriately.
.
Her parting method:
. Remove “the pressure of” “ virality ” and concentrate on constant entertainers and fails.Realize that stable entertainerscan regularly affect weighty SEO KPIs.Use” the success matrix to evaluate projects and capture patterns early. Robin Lord– Whatever You Do, Put Billboards in Seattle: Getting Brand Awareness Data from Google.
Wow! Our minds are still blown from this discussion. Robin took us through some very important workflows for gathering and examining information.
.
When it concerns figuring out the success of your “ brand name, ” the numbers aren ’ t simple. There are a great deal of information indicatethink about. Robin began off by asking us if “we utilized” numerous datasets’, gathered information on our rivals, and got granular. Needless to state, much of us understood we remained in for a flight.
.
Need? Brand name interest information. Your brand-new friends? Google Trends. Census Data. Google Ads. This analysis is blowing my mind a bit( ok, a lot)???? #MozCon
— Meisha Bochicchio (@MarketingMeisha ) July 14, 2020 .
Honestly, this discussion was so loaded with details that we had a difficult time maintaining! Luckily, at the end of his discussion, Robin set out detailed guidelines on how he gathered, assembled, and evaluated all of this information.
. Alexis Sanders– The Science of Seeking Your Customer.
Determining your audience has to do with more than demographics and affinity information; it ’ s about really comprehending your audience as individuals.
.
Alexis took us through 4 concerns we need to attempt to address when specifying our audience:
. What ’ s the crucial information?What are they like at their core? How do they select products?What ’ s their relationship with innovation?
She even supplied a list of totally free and paid resources that anybody can utilize to gather this info.
.
Takeaways through @alexisksanders 1. Use initially, third-party and 2nd information2. Ask concerns on Google Discover3. Attempt Sparktoro- brand-new tool for me! 4. Map your users ' journey againts content6. Today is modification and finding out quick #MozCon #marketing pic.twitter.com/DH80dThomS
— Jackie Jiménez (@Jackiecr86) July 14, 2020 .
Alexis likewise described that audience research study is not something that takes place just when( at the start of a project), however rather must notify the whole consumer journey.
Her parting words motivated us to find out quick and end up being in-tune with the consistent modification, rather of constantly attempting to think properly!
. Phillip Nottingham– How to Build a Global Brand Without a Global Budget.
The marketing funnel is broken, all of us understand that. If we aren ’ t focusing on getting individuals to work down a funnel, what are we working towards? — Structure our brand name.. Well, how do we set about doing that?
. When it came to developing “ brand name awareness, #ppppp> Phil blew our minds with insights on how he assisted Wistia alter their frame of mind. ” The primary step was to stop calling it brand name awareness and rather call it brand name affinity.
.
Building an affinity to a brand name indicates spending quality time with a brand name. A KPI that normally gets lost in the mix of impressions, clicks, and so on
.
In his discussion, Phil breaks down the specific technique he utilized with Wistia to get individuals to investas much time on the website seeing 4 videos as they did checking out all 1,170 blog sites.
.
Greg Gifford shared a terrific summary slide here:
Your brand-new brand name marketing technique: @philnottingham #mozcon pic.twitter.com/kNjvhPtzTW
— Greg Gifford( @GregGifford) July 14, 2020 . Dr. Pete– Moving Targets: Keywords in Crisis.
We were so enjoyed have Dr. Pete back to speak at his NINTH MozCon this year. While this year ’ s conference differed from any other, his discussion was simply as informative.
.
Dr. Pete — talked everything about finding patterns.Absolutely nothing about this year might have been forecasted. There was no other way that beauty parlor might have anticipated that “ how to cut hair ” was going to be a chance keyword.
.
However, there is still a method to take advantage of these chances as we identify them.
.
Dr. Pete revealed us precisely how we can utilize tools that “we ’ re acquainted with, and a couple of that we may not recognize with, to find patterns and turn them into chances consisting of Google Trends, Pinterest, Twittersearch, and even Boing Store.
.
There were some genuine gems in this discussion!
.
In Twitter Advanced Search, limit to your language, appropriate date varieties, and set a variety of minimum likes. Go loweron that last one than you believe- however in this manner you won ’ t get every random tweet on the subject @dr_pete #MozCon
— Ruth Burr Reedy( @ruthburr) July 14, 2020 .
Needless to state, Dr. Pete has actually formally gone 9 straight years impressing— MozCon.
. Francine Rodriguez– Let It Go: How to Embrace Automation and Get Way More Done.
2020 has actually come out swinging.Francine voiced precisely what we were all thinking: “ that ’ s enough! ”
.
We have enough to stress over, do we actually require to keep contributing to the list?
When it pertains to online search engine marketing, there are a great deal of moving parts and it can be agonizing to keep and attempt up with it all.There is a service though: ROBOTS!( Someone call Roger!)
.
Google is continuously discovering, so why not let them take advantage of their brand-new understanding?
.
Francine strolled us through the various locations of PPC automation:
. BiddingAd copySmart campaignsKeyword matching.
If you ’ re trying to find a terrific example of releasing and accepting automation, Microsoft Ads is a great location to go. They enable you to import all of your Google Ads right into Microsoft advertisements so they can begin running immediately.
. Rob Ousbey– A Novel Approach to Scraping Websites.
What do we even state about this discussion? Rob is among a kind.
.
If you have a look at the #MozCon feed upon Twitter, you ’ ll notification far less individuals live-tweeting– that ’ s since they were hectic remembering!
.
Actual video footage ofme enjoying this session with @RobOusbey … #MozCon pic.twitter.com/TwH6jgmkAK
— Brie E Anderson (@brie_e_anderson) July 14, 2020 .
Rob revealed us how he scrapes sites( consisting of the huge G) in seconds utilizing a couple of lines of code. He strolled us through every piece of code required to scrape G2, Google, and even Google ’ s Lighthouse tool.
.
He covered everything up by flaunting precisely what he did to incorporate Lighthouse information into Moz Pro ’ s SERP analysis.
.
Again, this is going to be among those discussions that you need to rewatch several times. Or perhaps even at half-speed!
. Ross Simmonds– Designing a Content Engine’: Going from Ideation to Creation to Distribution.
We liquidated the first day with the Coolest of Cool.
.
Ross was available in hot with some Disney recommendations to make us believe.
.
Disney films– where do the stories normally originate from? Other stories!
.
In current years we ’ ve seenDisney “ modify ” their previous films to make them fit today ’ s world.And in fact, a few of the initial Disney motion pictures were“ remixes ” of Shakespeare ’ s plays.
Ross enjoys his 4 Rs( modify, remix, get rid of, reroute), and this year he offered us a lot more actionable strategies.
.
This closing session truly motivated us to place on our “ Sherlock Homeboy ” hat and get curious about what others are doing, and how we can do it much better.
.
A couple of locations to discover motivation for development that Ross discussed:
. Your preferred site ’ s website mapWayback device for market leaders ’ sitesWikipedia. There ’ s a lot to do. “
For now, we”’re stopping and getting some rest since we get to do it all once again tomorrow!
.
If you wish to access the speaker slides, you can check in with your Moz Community qualifications and download them on this page’
.
If you did join us today, what was your preferred session? Your greatest takeaway? We can ’ t wait to see you tomorrow!!
/>
Read more: feedpress.meDynamic Benchmarking started with the belief that there is always room to improve. But to improve performance, you must set goals. And to set goals, you must measure performance
TEAM MEMBERS
As a small and nimble start-up, those three words describe Dynamic Benchmarking to a T. We are 100% dedicated to continually improving our product
CAREERS
Dynamic Benchmarking is transforming how companies and associations perform. We are a vibrant team of talented and resourceful professionals. We are growing rapidlyCoal Scuttles
DeVielle 22 inch Zinc Silver Coal Hod£24.99This stylish, traditional style basket is simple but effect. Finished in zinc silver this coal hod not only looks great but is also angled at the top to allow easy pouring onto fire. Learn More
DeVielle 22 inch Black Coal Hod - Black Weave£30.00
This stylish basket weave effect coal hod from DeVielle adds a contemporary twist to a classic style..Results of studies on ARGs concentrations (tetracycline and sulfonamide) in WWTPs.
Abstract
Antibiotic resistant bacteria and antibiotic resistance genes have been of the emerging contaminant threatening human health. The overuse of antibiotics, both in human patients and, importantly, in livestock, has led to an explosion of antibiotic-resistant bacteria, both in the U.S. and around the world. The prediction from the World Health Organization (WHO) is that, if nothing changes, the future will look a lot like the past—where people die from minor injuries that become infected. One of the goals should be a long-term sustainable balance with everything in our environment, including bacteria to promote human health. Different microbial techniques have been employed to study the occurrence and spread of antibiotic resistance in the environment, preventing us from returning to a pre-antibiotic era. Dissemination of antibiotic resistance genes to the environment is an important factor causing an increased prevalence of resistant pathogens. Their spread to multidrug-resistant pathogens is one of the most emerging clinical challenges.
Keywords
- antibiotic resistant genes
- antibiotic resistant bacteria
- wastewater
- wastewater treatment plant
- microbial pathogens
1. Introduction
Antibiotics have been used broadly in the last decades for disease control as well as livestock breeding. The misuse and inappropriate disposal of antibiotics can develop antibiotic resistance bacteria (ARB) and multi-drug resistant bacteria which carry one or more antibiotic resistance genes (ARGs). In this century, ARB and ARGs are known as emerging pollutants that threaten food safety and public health [1]. Antibiotic resistance has been identified as a main public health concern by the World Health Organization [2, 3]. Antibiotics are most common strategy used in the treatment of bacterial infections, in addition, antibacterial metals are widely used to prevent bacterial attachment and to combat biofilms in hospital and food processing settings [2].
Antibiotics have been detected in sewage effluents, ground and surface water, sewage sludge, soil, and manure. Studies on the fate of antibiotics are motivated by two main concerns; first, antibiotics in the environment may contribute to the development of antibiotic resistant pathogens, second, the ecological consequences of antibiotic contamination that may enter in the human food chain. In a study conducted by Clarke and Smith on antibiotics in biosolids, norfloxacin, ofloxacin, ciprofloxacin, and doxycycline were measured in the sludge of a Swedish WWTP. Similar concentrations of ciprofloxacin and norfloxacin were also observed in sewage sludge samples from Switzerland. The concentration of these antibiotics was at the low mg kg−1 dry weight range and was constant during the treatment processes. The same compounds and concentration were measured in soil that was amended by biosolids. Some of the compounds, for instance, carbamazepine and sulfamethazine can be translocated from the soil into the aerial plant components by uptake mechanisms in greenhouse plants [4].
Kim and Aga [5] studied the effects of antibiotics and ARB of wastewater treatment plants (WWTPs) on ecology and human health. Their study introduced the WWTPs as a point contamination source of persistent pharmaceuticals that affect the design and operation of treatment systems, antibiotic resistance development among pathogenic bacteria, and accumulation of persistent pharmaceuticals in soil and water. Their study estimated concentrations of antibiotics in untreated municipal wastewater in the United States and showed their possible metabolites in activated sludge [5]. They concluded that the disappearance of the parent pharmaceuticals in WWTPs does not certainly mean their complete removal. The presence of pharmaceuticals in the aquatic environment has ecotoxicological effects that impact the algal community structure and shifts the food web structure of streams [5]. The potential ecological and health impacts of antibiotics in the environment were investigated using environmental risk assessment including a two-stage process; estimation of expected introductory concentration (EIC) entering the environment and predicted environmental concentration (PEC). PEC is needed if the drug has the potential to bioaccumulate in the environment [5].
Determination and characterization of pharmaceutical compounds, antibiotics in particular, has attracted attention because of their ecotoxicological effects [5, 6, 7]. Antibiotics, such as tetracycline, sulfamethoxazole, ciprofloxacin, norfloxacin, trimethoprim, and ofloxacin, are determined in high concentration in the sludge of different WWTPs. In a study directed by Martin [6] sludge from four sludge stabilization treatments including anaerobic digestion, aerobic digestion, composting and the lagoon was monitored to detect the occurrence of 22 pharmaceutically active compounds. The average concentrations of studied compounds were 179, 310 and 142 μg/kg of sludge dry matter in primary sludge, secondary sludge, and mixed sludge, respectively. Sewage sludge that is used for the land application is always treated during one or more treatment processes namely, lime stabilization, thickening, dewatering, drying, anaerobic digestion or composting processes. However, many contaminants like antibiotic compounds may not be removed efficiently [6].
There is a report on the presence of 24 pharmaceuticals in 12 municipal and 4 livestock wastewater sludge showing that 17 and 14 pharmaceuticals were presented in municipal and livestock WWTPs, respectively. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs were dominant in municipal WWTPs ranging from 0.42 to 367 mg/kg, whereas antibiotics (43.6 to 142 mg/kg) were dominant in livestock WWTPs [7]. The wide use of antibiotics in the livestock industry resulted in resistance of antibiotics to degradation that can lead to antibiotic resistance development in the environment [7].
The concentration of 16 antibiotics was measured in sewage and activated sludge samples using high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry [8]. Statistical analysis included general analysis (averages and standard errors), cluster analysis, and correlation and regression analysis (Pearson analysis). Their study found significant correlations between the relative abundance of ARGs and the corresponding residual antibiotic concentrations and heavy metals in the effluents of WWTPs and pre-treatment units for the antibiotics or metals are suggested. Further studies are essential to prove the causation of the results of this study [8].
2. Occurrence of antibiotic resistance in WWTPs
High concentration of antibiotics and their associated ARB and ARGs in the effluent of WWTPs enter the environment through WWTPs discharges to rivers, wastewater reuse, irrigation and amending the soil by biosolids make. Antibiotic resistance genes can persist in the environment even when there is no antibiotic pressure.
Du et al. [9] studied ARGs including
Wang et al. [10] conducted a study to explore the concentration of five tetracyclines, four sulfonamides, and six fluoroquinolones in the rhizosphere soil that was irrigated by reclaimed wastewater for a long time. The total concentration of tetracycline was in the range of 12.7–145.2 μg kg−1 while no sulfonamide was found in samples. Fluoroquinolones were randomly detected in soils and their highest total concentration was 79.2 μg kg−1. Based on the results of this study, soils that are irrigated by reclaimed wastewater accumulate antibiotics in several folds higher concentrations compared to the antibiotic concentration in the wastewater [10].
Wang and his research group studied soils of six public parks which were irrigated by the reclaimed wastewater. There was no antibiotic pressure but sulfonamide resistance genes (
2.1. Effect of metal on ARGs development at WWTPs
The world is getting progressively more industrialized and urbanized which leads to elevation of heavy metals concentrations into the environment. Human activities such as mining, waste disposal, and corrosion of metals introduce more metal contaminations into the environment [18]. Population growth and industrial development have resulted in the increase in the discharge of industrial effluents in the environment. The effluent contains antibiotics and heavy metals which can trigger antibiotic- and heavy metal- resistance. ARB and heavy metal resistant bacteria and their associated genes are a public health concern.
Municipal wastewater is a hotspot for emerging contaminants namely antibiotics, heavy metals, ARGs, and heavy metal resistance genes (HMRGs). There are bacteria like
Genetic co-selection of resistance genes occurs when in the presence of a stress, the selection of the associated resistance gene results in the persistence of additional resistance genes [20, 22]. Co-selection happens even without a straight effect of their specific stressors. Antibiotics and metals, as sources of environmental stresses, can affect bacterial antibiotic susceptibility and heavy metal resistance promotion. Regularly the presence of mobile genetic elements (MGEs) carrying multiple resistant genes results in co-selection [20, 23]. The molecular mechanisms behind the development of heavy metal resistance are almost similar to mechanisms which explain antibiotic resistance like efflux, by which MGEs transfer genes [23].
There are several studies investigating the common structural and functional characteristics of antibiotic-resistance and metal-resistance systems. Antibiotics namely, chloramphenicol, ciprofloxacin, coumermycin, rifampicin, tetracycline, and trimethoprim and also metals like As, Cu, Zn, Mn, Co, Ag, Hg, Cd, and Ni have been studied [21].
In another study, low total metal levels correlate with ARG abundance in soils, implying that low metal levels may co-select for antibiotic resistance [24]. In this study, the abundance of 11 ARGs was quantified by quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) assay and compared with the metal levels in the selected soils. Copper, chromium, nickel, lead, and iron significantly correlated with the abundance of ARGs [24].
Icgen and Yilmaz [19] conducted a research on the Kızılırmak River which receives industrial discharges to study co-occurrence of heavy metal and antibiotic resistance in bacteria. Twenty-four isolates were found resistant to both heavy metal and antibiotics. Resistance to heavy metals involving lead, tin, nickel, barium, aluminum, strontium, silver and lithium ranged from 50 to 92% and more than 50% of the isolates were resistant to cephalosporin, quinolone, sulfonamide and aminoglycoside classes of antibiotics. Therefore, the discharge of antimicrobials to surface water may result in co-selection of heavy metal- and antibiotic-resistant bacteria [19]. The level of heavy metal in the river varied directly with changes in industrial discharge and rainfall. The relation between heavy metal exposure level and metal- and antibiotic-resistance was not clarified.
Antibacterial properties of heavy metals may contribute to development of resistance. Antibacterial properties of nine pure metals including titanium, cobalt, nickel, copper, zinc, zirconium, molybdenum, tin, and lead have been studied using two bacterial strains, Gram-positive
2.1.1. Resistance mechanism acting on both metals and antibiotics
High concentrations of anthropogenic metal contamination in the environment can apply co-selection pressure and result in antibiotic-resistance through genetic couplings [28]. Co-resistance, co-regulation, and cross-resistance are mechanisms of co-selection. As shown in Figure 1, a close linkage between two or more diverse resistance genes is called co-resistance and is known as a mechanism of antibiotic-metal co-selection [21, 29]. It seems that co-regulation can be a mechanism of antibiotic-resistance at which a number of transcriptional and translational responses to metal or antibiotic contact connected together to respond to both stresses [29]. Cross-resistance provides resistance to more than one antimicrobial agent like antibiotics and heavy metals [29].
There is a growing evidence of antibiotic resistance development derived from metal exposure. It seems that bacteria that are exposed to metals, like Cu and Zn, become resistant to metal and antibiotics simultaneously due to the metal selection of genetic elements that harbor both metal and antibiotic resistance genes [30]. There are many classes of antibiotics that can form complexes with metals and produced complexes can possess an enhanced or decayed antibiotic activity [30].
Di Cesare and his research group measured six ARGs (
2.1.2. Environmental impacts of antibiotic and heavy metal resistance genes
When a bacterial community is exposed to heavy metal as a selective pressure in WWTP the potential co-selection of resistant genes is very high [20]. Studies on genes encoding for resistance against different metals and of ARGs in plasmids and integrons demonstrated that these genes originate from WWTPs or soils contaminated by wastewater. The class 1 integrons, specifically, are frequently associated with gene cassettes in which both HMRGs and ARGs are present and can play an important role in co-selection mechanisms [20, 25, 30].
The effluent of WWTPs contains ARGs and HMRGs which discharges to the aquatic environment, results in the spread of ARGs and increasing the risk of gene transfer to human and animal pathogens through food chains or drinking water [1, 31]. These risks require further attention and consideration while WWTP effluents are reused as irrigation water [32].
However, the idea of co-selection of ARGs and HMRGs is supported by some studies, there is a lack of data determining the exposure level to antimicrobial metals on the selection of resistance genes.
2.2. Co-occurrence of antibiotic and heavy metal resistance
The results of a study on the effect of Ni, Cu, Zn, Cd, and Pb on fate and distribution of ARGs, showed a positive correlation between individual ARG and HMRGs. This result implies that heavy metals act as selective stressors and lead to the co-selection mechanism between specific metal and antibiotic resistance [1]. In their study, the abundance of
Cu or Zn are selectors of exact bacterial populations flourishing in wastewater. Zn or Cu selected for populations of
Baker-Austin et al. [21] studied experimental evidence presenting a relation between HMRGs and ARGs. When the genes corresponding to resistant phenotypes are on the same genetic element (plasmid, transposon or integron) co-selection occurs, and this physical relation leads to the co-selection for other genes located on the same element [21]. The genetic traits contributed to mercury- resistance and antibiotic-resistance were established and showed that mercury- resistance was co-transferred with antibiotic resistance in a subset of mating between
Based on the literature review, there are discrepancies in our current knowledge of the dominant mechanisms of co-selection for metal- and antibiotic-resistance at the population and community level and investigation of whether metals maintain a pool of horizontally transferable antibiotic-resistance determinants.
3. Role of WWTP in dissemination of ARG
Freshwater resources are too limited and meeting the needs for water is challenging in the last decades as urban water shortages increase [36, 37, 38]. Based on the united nations world water development report of UNESCO in 2015, up to 70% of the fresh water, we take from rivers and groundwater is devoted to irrigation [38]. The predicted increase in the global human population to 9.7 billion in 2050 will lead to an increase in water requirement for agricultural and food production purposes [39]. Hence, the reuse of treated wastewater in agriculture seems to be a practical solution for water shortage [35]. In addition, it can help freshwater ecosystems by reducing the discharge of effluent from wastewater treatment plants (WWTPs) and preventing eutrophication and algal blooms [35].
Treated urban wastewater contains organic substances (e.g., antibiotics) and inorganic matters including pathogens, ARB and ARGs [40]. The reuse of treated wastewater may result in contamination of the environment and spread of ARB and ARGs and trigger public health concerns. One of the applications of treated wastewater is irrigation which is encouraged by governments and official organization especially because of water shortage and poverty in developing countries and urban areas [36, 41, 42, 43].
Zhang et al. [43] studied the contribution of wastewater treatment to the antibiotic resistance development of
Another comprehensive study detected 140 plasmid-borne ARGs of the WWTP using polymerase chain reaction (PCR) method [44]. In this study, 192 resistance-gene-specific PCR primer pairs were designed and synthesized. Samples were collected from activated sludge and the final effluents of the WWTP. The methods included (a) isolation of plasmids from resistant bacteria, (b) selection of target reference ARGs and design of PCR primers, (c) PCR and amplicon detection, (d) sequencing and analysis of selected resistance-gene-specific amplicons. Based on the results of this study, bacteria of the WWTP share a mobile pool of ARGs that result in genetic exchange between clinical and WWTP bacteria. The final effluent of WWTP also contained ARB that confirms that the WWTP’s final effluents are disseminating antibiotic resistance in the environment [44].
Recently, Zhang et al. studied both cell-free DNA and cell-associated DNA as a source for ARGs that are related to WWTPs. The cell-free DNA is extracellular DNA that can transform into other cells, and cell-associated DNA is intercellular DNA. The 0.22 μm filter intercepts intercellular DNA and extracellular DNA (filtrates contains the extracellular DNA). In this research, four ARGs (
Munir and Xagoraraki [16] quantified 18 biosolids samples from seven WWTPs using qPCR methods. The mean concentrations of
In a recent study by D’Angelo [46] on the potential risks of the presence of antibiotic in biosolid amendments, sorption and desorption of tetracycline were indicated. Their research was on four types of amendments including biosolids, poultry manure, wood chip litter, and rice hull litter at different temperatures. The sorption and desorption equilibrium constant in municipal biosolids was 20 times higher than other amendments since the concentration of bound Al3+ and Fe3+ is higher in municipal biosolids. Results showed that the sorption of tetracycline was significantly increased after treatment with alum and treatment of amendments would effectively reduce antibiotic diffusion rates [46].
The effect of treated urban wastewater irrigation on fungi diversity and soil microbial activities was studied by Alguacil and her team, in Spain. Based on this study, fungi diversity was higher in soil irrigated by fresh water, but microbial activities of soil irrigated by wastewater were much more than the soil irrigated by fresh water. Hence, wastewater not only had no negative effects on crop vitality but also developed fertility of the soil. Microbiological components are biotic factors of soil that might be altered by the increase of soil microbial biomass due to wastewater irrigation [47].
As mentioned before, WWTPs are known as sources of antibiotic resistance. Auerbach et al. [14] studied two activated sludge wastewater treatment plants and two freshwater lakes for the presence of 10 tetracycline resistance genes. Qualitative PCR and quantitative PCR methods were used to detect tetracycline resistance genes and quantify the number of tetracycline resistance gene copies per volume of sample, respectively. Their results showed that both WWTPs contain more diverse types of tetracycline resistant genes than the background natural lake water samples. They revealed that the WWTPs are a source of ARGs dissemination.
Presence of specific genes encoding resistance to tetracyclines (
4. Removal of ARGs and ARB by WWTPs
The effluent of WWTPs is an important source of pollution to the nation’s water resources, and 3.5 million Americans annually are getting sick after touching water they thought was safe [52]. WWTPs are hotspots for emerging contaminants namely antibiotics, heavy metals, ARGs, and HMRGs [32]. Research on the related topic has shown the proliferation of ARGs [8], the occurrence of antibiotics and ARGs and their influence on the receiving river [53], and distribution of antibiotic resistance in the effluents of WWTPs [32]. In order to limit the occurrence and spread of antibiotic resistance, treatment methods should be able to destroy ARGs in addition to inactivating pathogens [54].
The aerobic treatment happens in the presence of air and microorganisms which utilize oxygen to change over organic contaminants to carbon dioxide, water, and biomass (aerobes). The anaerobic treatment forms occur in the absence of air and anaerobes microorganisms which do not require air to change over organic contaminants to methane and carbon dioxide gas and biomass [51].
Another low energy treatment alternative is anaerobic-aerobic sequence (AAS) bioreactor that reduce carbon amount as a pretreatment in an anaerobic condition and after that perform aerobic treatment [55]. Metagenomics investigations of this treatment technique demonstrated the impact of this approach on antibiotic resistance and ARGs. AAS expelled over 85% of ARGs in the influent wastewater which implies it was more proficient than aerobic and anaerobic units (83 and 62%, respectively) [55].
In another study, Munir et al. [56] investigated the occurrence and distribution of ARGs including
Removal of antibiotics including sulfamethazine, sulfamethoxazole, trimethoprim, and lincomycin had been studied in five different WWTPs using aerobic/anaerobic treatment methods [57]. The results of this study showed the range of −11.2% to 69.0% efficiency for different pharmaceutical compounds including sulfamethazine, sulfamethoxazole, trimethoprim, and lincomycin. The negative removal efficiency belonged to lincomycin and because of its high load in wastewater [57].
To sum it up, aerobic reactors alone are not very effective and biological treatment methods can remove antibiotics, ARB, and ARGs successfully if anaerobic and aerobic reactors operate in sequence. Despite the fact that anaerobic treatment is energy efficient and has high performance, aerobic treatment is more common in municipal WWTPs. Anaerobic treatments are often used to treat wastewater that contains high loads of organic matter like industrial wastewater and needs warm temperature (35°C). Activated sludge, which is an aerobic treatment, is studied in this project and the results will help to advance the efficiency of activated sludge bioreactors in treatment plants.
Some studies aimed to remove ARGs in raw domestic wastewater by
Many diverse combinations of
The potential for antimicrobial nanomaterials to restrict the propagation of multi-drug resistant pathogens while avoiding the generation of new nanomaterial-resistant organisms was studied by a group of researchers led by Aruguete [61]. They prepared a combination of nanomaterials functionalized with molecular antibiotics. This combination consisted of liposomes, dendrimers, and an antibiotic that is inside of a polymer nanoparticles capsules, and inorganic nanoparticles with antibiotic molecules attached to the surfaces [61]. In this study, silver nanoparticles coated with a water-soluble polymer called polyvinylpyrrolidone were used to combat nanomaterial-resistant organisms [61]. This experiment proved that nanomaterial combinations are able to perform like an antibiotic and to be toxic to
Nanomaterials have been considered as a defense against multiple drug resistance because of their antimicrobial activity [59, 61, 62, 67]. Antibacterial activities of nanoparticles depend on two fundamental elements, physicochemical properties of nanoparticles and type of target bacteria. Regardless of the fact that there is a correlation in a couple of aspects of the antibacterial activity of nanoparticles, singular investigations are challenging to generalize since most of the researchers perform experiments using accessible nanoparticles and bacteria, rather than targeting particular and preferred nanoparticles or bacteria [68]. Nanoparticles which are utilized in lab-scale studies are not well-known and correlating them with physicochemical properties for full-scale production is not reliable.
A mix of nanomaterials and molecular antibiotics draws in much consideration recently, since they are effective in killing multi-drug resistant isolates of pathogenic bacterial species and combating an expansive range of ARB and ARGs [56, 69].
Nanomaterials play controversial roles in regard to antibiotic resistance; on one hand, as mentioned before, they have been considered as a defense against multiple drug resistance because of their antimicrobial activity, and on the other hand, they can encourage the development of antibiotic resistance in the environment [56, 70]. Overall, more information is needed concerning the mechanisms behind the antimicrobial activity of nanomaterials and their potential for influencing the development of resistance in environmental systems.
5. Future developments and perspectives
Antibiotic resistance development among bacteria is a challenging issue that requires improvement of next-generation treatment processes in WWTPs. The emergence of antibiotic resistance between pathogens increases the demand for effective treatment strategies. Knowledge gaps and future research needs are:
Assessment of the effect of operating conditions (pH, free available chlorine, HRT, SRT, Biomass concentration) and environmental factors (temperature, COD, BOD, water flow on ARB and ARGs development during wastewater treatment,
Determination of dominant mechanisms (mutation, selection, mechanisms of genetic exchange including conjugation, transduction, and transformation) of ARGs development, and
Future studies should be done on the more extensive spectrum of ARBs and ARGs like fluoroquinolone, ertapenem, and levofloxacin resistance.
Acknowledgments
The authors acknowledge funding support from the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, the University of North Carolina at Charlotte.
Conflict of interest
The authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.Business Insider Lists Appboy As One of NYC’s Coolest Startups
It’s only February and 2014 has already proven to be an epic year for Appboy. Adding fuel to the fire, this afternoon Business Insider named us among the top 10 coolest enterprise startups in NYC.
Check out the blog post here (featuring a glamour shot of our very own Bill Magnuson), and stay tuned for more exciting news to come.
U.S. President Joe Biden gestures toward Senator Shelley Capito (R-WV) during an infrastructure meeting with Republican Senators at the White House in Washington, May 13, 2021.
Kevin Lamarque | Reuters
President Joe Biden rejected a new Republican infrastructure counteroffer on Friday, but will continue talks with Republicans next week as the White House considers whether it should abandon hopes for a bipartisan deal. Committee Chair Rep. Peter DeFazio, D-Ore., unveiled the bill on Friday. It would invest $547 billion over five years in roads and bridges, as well as rail and other public transport.
DeFazio has scheduled a committee mark up the bill Wednesday, a date which could serve as the closest thing to a real deadline for Biden and Senate Republicans to reach a deal on infrastructure. Biden separately spoke to DeFazio to “offer his support” for the hearing on the legislation. we’ve read is true, I would have a very difficult time voting yes on this bill,” he said in a statement Thursday. “$2 trillion was already the compromise. President Biden can’t expect us to vote for an infrastructure deal dictated by the Republican Party.”
Still, Psaki signaled Friday that the administration has not shut the door on a bipartisan deal. She told reporters “there’s runway left” on the talks.
However, she suggested the White House would put a cap on how long it negotiates with Republicans.
“There are some realities of timelines” on the talks, she said, “including the fact that Congressman DeFazio is leading the markup of key components of the American Jobs Plan next week.”
Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., has told his caucus he wants to pass an infrastructure bill by July.
Get Hi Hostel
Описание недвижимости
** hostel
9. Reception Working Hours: 09:00 - 23.00 (9 a.m. - 11.00 pm.)
10. Age Restriction: Age to check in is 18-45yearsDespite being given the name of "the Grey Lady" this ghost has nothing to do with either Lady Jane Grey or her family.
Mrs. Sibyll Penn was the nurse of Prince Edward and even had her own lodgings at Hampton Court (see the tour of Hampton Court Palace). When she died of smallpox in 1562 she was buried in the St. Mary's Chapel and rested peacefully there until a storm destroyed the chapel in 1892. Her remains were therefore removed which is thought to have called her back to the palace in which she used to live and work.
Residents and craftsmen working on the palace have reported hearing a strange sound which they identified as the sound of a spinning wheel turning. When a wall was removed an hitherto unknown chamber was found - and there was indeed a spinning wheel worn down by continuous use! Apparently, the spinning wheel belonged to Mrs. Penn and the room in which is was discovered also happens to be the rooms of the former nurse.
Many visitors have seen her before and after the discovery of the room. Out of all the ghosts at Hampton Court Palace she is the most persistent. She was spotted in person in 1986 and is said to appear in different courtyards and rooms - at times watching over children who visits the castle.Chairman of the Chiefs of Staff of the Iranian Armed Forces Major General Mohammad Baqeri says the enemy intends to pressure the Islamic Republic into negotiations with a foregone conclusion in order to make the Iranian nation submit to what the White House desires.
Addressing an official ceremony in Tehran on Monday, the top general referred to sanctions unilaterally imposed on Iran by the US after Washington left the landmark nuclear treaty of 2015, officially known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA).
“Although Iran abided by all its commitments, Americans quit the JCPOA and re-imposed sanctions and intensified pressure on the Iranian nation.”
“The enemy’s goal is to make the Iranian nation submit to the will of the United States” through arms embargo and economic, political as well as security pressure.
General Baqeri also stated that Iran’s adversaries want to coerce it into talks whose result is clear beforehand: a submissive Iranian nation. “This is an objective, which is by no means in line with the ideals of the Islamic Revolution.”
History has shown, the Iranian commander said, that the Islamic Republic has come to terms with the international community regarding its nuclear program by accepting its commitments and agreeing to scale back some of its nuclear measures. However, the “terrorist and criminal USA has not stopped violating the pact.”
General Baqeri underlined that the Islamic Republic waited a full year but the enemy did not fulfill its promise, therefore, Iran adopted an active resistance approach and strategy last year.
“There have been significant achievements at the strategic level despite extensive pressure on Iran.”
“The Iranian nation did not give up. Reliance on crude oil sales and other crude sales has declined and the nation’s self-sufficiency has been promoted while the threat has been turned into an opportunity for Iran’s self-reliance and glory.”
US President Donald Trump, a hawkish critic of the JCPOA, unilaterally withdrew Washington from the agreement in May 2018, and unleashed the “toughest ever” sanctions against the Islamic Republic in defiance of global criticism.
Following its much-criticized exit, Washington has been attempting to prevent the remaining signatories from abiding by their commitments. commitments under Articles 26 and 36 of the deal covering Tehran’s legal rights.
Iran took five steps in scaling back its obligations, among them abandoning operational limitations on its nuclear industry, including with regard to the capacity and level of uranium enrichment.
All those measures were adopted after informing the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) beforehand, with the agency's inspectors present on the ground in Iran.
Press TV’s website can also be accessed at the following alternate addresses:According to the Environment Agency, the overall volume of rainfall in the regions of the UK is expected in the course of an "average" year to remain similar to historic levels. However, the pattern of the rainfall is expected to change, with more falling in the winter months, and less in the summer. The intensity of rainfall is also predicted to become more tropical in nature, arriving in short heavy downpours, rather than prolonged steady "drizzles". The predicted impact of this predicted changing pattern of rainfall on winter and summer river levels is shown below, with the winter increase in river levels raising the probability in flooding:
The predicted heavier rainfall in the winter months will increase the risk of flooding, a risk that will be exacerbated by the development of homes and workplaces to accommodate predicted population growth. The flood-protection measures currently being taken to manage these increased risks of flooding, will often be aimed at controlling the surface-water levels by increasing the effectiveness of waterways in carrying the rain out to sea as expeditiously as possible, rather than aiming to store it for later re-use. This, along with the increasing demand for water of a growing population, will exacerbate pressures on water supplies during the drier summer months. The predicted effect of this on the agricultural industry, for example, is shown below:
Processing capacity:85-1766t/h
Feeding size:384-1149mm
Appliable Materials: quartz,concrete,dolomite,bluestone,iron ore,limestone,coal gangue,construction rubbish,basalt,rock,glass,cement clinker,pebbles,green stone,dolomite,bluestone,iron ore,concrete,cement clinker,calcite etc.
Usedcrushersforsale→
Highcrushingratekinds ofcrushersforsalesingle equipment and fullplantfor choice view moreoreprocessingplant we have small and large gold mining rockcrusherforsale 0925 2018 12130th ironore crusherinsaudi arabia product category sandstone equipment→
Stonecrusher plantinpakistanforsale the stonecrusher plantbasically consists of acrushergranulator rotary screen and a diesel engine or an electric motor the complete alignment is based on a portable trolley with pneumatic wheels theplantcapacity depends on→
Saudi arabiamining industry goldoreand copperoremining hotsalerockcrusherfor mining and quarryplantinsaudi arabia sbm mining machinery works well for chrome gold asbestos processing efficient coalcrushingmachine inpakistan mobilecrusherand grinding mill used in iran mineral processing line professional mineral grinding→
Stonecrushermachine application stonecrusher plantmachine plays an important role in the stonecrushingindustry the crushed stones can be used as raw materials for various construction activities like construction of roads highway buildings and bridges etc→
The goldore crushingincludes primarycrushingand finecrushing a good design of goldore crushing plantcan make gold extraction efficiency higher shanghai cathayphillips has rich miningcrushingexperience and top professional experts in the gold miningcrushing no matters what standards of goldore we will supply the suitable goldore→
Used impactcrusherforsale filter sort by typecrushers13 show all types buying format auction 1 onsite
Sks technology group co ltd as a leader in the globalcrushingand grinding industry always adheres to the technology and quality and dares to innovate and→
About product and suppliers 1310 buyers insaudi arabiaproducts are offered forsaleby suppliers on alibabacom a wide variety of buyers insaudi arabiaoptions are available to you there are 968 suppliers who sells buyers insaudi arabiaon alibabacom mainly located in asia→
Used stonecrushermachine and screeningplant for salein usa double supply used stonecrushing plantand mining equipmentfor saleworldwide export to malaysia south africasaudi arabia zambia kazakhstan indonesia get price chat online stonecrushermachine equipmentsplantused mobilecrushing→
100t asphaltplantxitongsaudi arabiasaudi arabia crusher plants37904crushers plantsinsaudi arabiastonecrusherslocation and names ofcrushers plantsinsaudi arabiastonecrusher200tphfor salecost and supplier the 200 tph jaw and impactcrushing plantjaw and conecrushing plantare more details copperore crusher saudi arabiaget price→
One customer from nigeria who would like to produce graniteaggregates for his clients that work in road construction concrete and asphalt industry but now he just has one twostagecrushing plantsthat consisted of one 2436"jawcrusherand two 1251" finer jawcrusher continue reading→ email email protected fax 862158385681→
Saudi arabiaminingcrusher plant for salecrushingequipment supplier conecrusherused inpakistanironoremining sbm flotation machine has a lead position in mineralore dressing plantsindustry raymond mill raymond mill is used for grinding the barite limestone kaolin ceramics and slags in the trades of miningplant and about 500 sets of big and→
Nickel flotation machine our nickel flotation machine is applicable for separating nonferrous metal black metal noble metal nonmetal mineral raw body and materials of chemical industry which are subject to coarse separation swept separation fine separation and floatation so the usefuloreare reclaimedsf flotation machine are widely applied in the copperthe leadthe zincthen→
As a leading global manufacturer ofcrushingequipment milling equipmentdressingequipmentdrying equipment and briquette equipment etc we offer advanced rational solutions for any sizereduction requirements including quarry aggregate grinding production and completeplantplan if you are interested in these product please contact us→
About product and suppliers 1310buyers in saudi arabiaproducts are offeredfor saleby suppliers on alibabacom a wide variety ofbuyers in saudi arabiaoptions are available to you there are 968 suppliers who sellsbuyers in saudi arabiaon alibabacom mainly located in asia→
New way to sell aggregate equipment online ritchie bros auctioneers andironplanethave joined together to offer you unparalleled choice innovative solutions and expert advice on the best way to manage thesaleof your assets through an easytouse online→
Jawcrusher jawcrusheris a kind of stonecrusherwhich is used widely in many industrial departments including mining smelt metal building materials public road railway water conservation chemical industry and so on and it is also called rockcrusher
Double supply used stonecrushing plantand mining equipmentfor saleworldwide export to malaysia south africasaudi arabia zambia kazakhstan indonesia get price chat online conecrusherconecrushermachinestonecrushercone machine→
Jan 21 2016 stonecrushing plant for sale used stonecrushermachine and screeningplantfor double supply used stonecrushing plantand mining equipmentfor saleworldwide export to malaysia south africasaudi arabia used stonecrusher for sale plans for a portable rockcrusher search small portable rockcrusher for saleto find your need coal→
Dec 16 2020 affordable nationwide delivery with your best price guaranteed new westendorf bc4200 brushcrusherbuilt for john deere couplers from a wide range of loaders with vshaped teeth high strength steel construction an only 238 lb weight for maximum→
You can also choose from kyrgyzstan turkey andsaudi arabiaexperiment jawcrusher as well as from competitive price high productivity and long service life experiment jawcrusher and whether experiment jawcrusheris energy mining building material shops or manufacturingplant→
Copyright © 2021.Henan Bizcom Mining Machinery Co., ltd. All rights reserved. Sitemap1,999 Best price
- 4 Inch
- TFT Capacitive Touchscreen, Multi-touch display
- 2 MP Rear
- 0.3 MP Front
- Single core, 1 GHz
- 256MB RAM, 1500 mAh Battery
List your store
Lava A32 Price in India
The lowest price of Lava A32 smartphone is 1,999 in India on 27th November 2021.
- Manufacturer Warranty
- EMI Available
- Return Policy
- Cash on Delivery
- Delivery: 2-3 days
1 variants
Lava A32 Price Chart
Price of Lava A32 in India today is Rs. 1,999.00, updated on 27th November 2021
Lava A32 Pros & Cons
Pros
- 3G connectivity
- Compact Display
- Android v4.4.2 Kitkat OS
Cons
- Poor Battery
Lava A32 full specifications and features
Market Status: Out of stock
Spec Score
64/100
Above AverageGroup: 1,000 to 2,000
RAM Below Average
This Device:
256 MB
Group Avg:
4 GB
Group Best:
64 GB
STORAGE Below Average
This Device:
512 GB
Group Avg:
6 GB
Group Best:
64 GB
BATTERY Below Average
This Device:
1500 mAh
Group Avg:
1639 mAh
Group Best:
10000 mAh
Display Size Above Average
This Device:
4 inches
Group Avg:
2.5 inches
Group Best:
7.1 inches
Display PPI Above Average
This Device:
~233 PPI
Group Avg:
~157 PPI
Group Best:
~320 PPI
WEIGHT Below Average
This Device:
263 g
Group Avg:
101 g
Group Best:
0 g
Rear Camera Above Average
This Device:
2 MP
Group Avg:
1 MP
Group Best:
13 MP
Front Camera Below Average
This Device:
0.3 MP
Group Avg:
1 MP
Group Best:
5 MP
Spec Score Above Average
This Device:
643231,999
- 661,900
-
- 601,900
- 671,980
-
- 671,999
- 671,999
- 611,980
- 601,990
- 601,963
- 651,999
- 671,999
- 621,949
- 681,990
- 632,089
- 661,999
- 472,089
- 711,999
- 672,049
- 631,999
- 651,999Creative Double-Exposure Portrait Session with RYVOLI
If you haven’t had the fortune to be introduced to the beautiful women behind the band RYVOLI, please, allow me. These two angels are Sam and Jenn. Basically, they are sorceresses capable of planar transport. Specifically, you’ll be taken to a complete ‘nother world through their achingly beautiful harmonies and wistful, poetic, playful lyrics. When we had the chance to get into the studio to explore and experiment for an hour or so, it was a no-brainer. I love movement blur and double exposure, and their session was the first time I had tried either in the studio itself — I love what we were able to create. I feel like both double exposure and motion blur are a visual callback to the way their music layers and harmonizes, all at once gorgeously in the world, and also taking you somewhere more.
DRIPPING SPRINGS, Texas -- Dave Pelz, whose litany of golf books includes the New York Times bestseller, The Short Game Bible, says his latest project is the most important work he's ever done. Why?
Because it covers a topic that has been a mystery to most golfers.
Pelz is talking about green reading, and this project, which he is funding through Kickstarter, promises to unravel the mystery of reading greens. Even tour players, Pelz says, have difficulty in reading greens but they have the advantage of charts (which some pay dearly for) and their caddies' help.
There have been strides in recent years, most notably Aimpoint. But Pelz says his work, which is based on his background as a physicist, takes away the mystery. He won't give too much away here until the Kickstarter is funded and the work is published, but I did get to spend an afternoon with him at his "dream home" in Dripping Springs, Texas, in the Texas Hill Country just outside of Austin.
It's in that backyard, where Pelz has more than a dozen greens (nine of them target greens) and where he does much of his research. It's where he can replicate any slope on a green and study the data. It's where some of his best students, including Phil Mickelson, come visit to work on their own short games.
What the Pelz GreenReading project is about
Pelz says the scope of the project is beyond anything he's done before.
"I can't teach you how to read greens in one paragraph," he said. "This Kickstarter funding is to allow us to create new 3D graphics and video images to show you what to look for and where to look from, in our new GreenReading system. At this point, all I can do is ask you to trust me (and the resume of my last 40 years in golf) and help us get this new paradigm into a 'golfer-friendly' package."
But why is Pelz using Kickstarter instead of a publisher? After all, he's been a successful author for years. He says it's because Kickstarter is an innovative approach to funding research, developing new ideas and products. It allows more freedom to create and present original content to golfers in the best possible way.
"As I continue my passion for exploring and creating better was to help golfers play better, I’m inspired by other Kickstarter projects," Pelz said. "I gladly join with the small businesses and starving new artists of the world… to discover new and better ways to do things."
Unlike many Kickstarter programs, though, this isn't a donation, but rather a preorder of Pelz' new "book," which if it gets funded by this summer will be by the end of the year. The cost is $79 and if all is successful, those who preorder will get by Christmas "Dave Pelz' Secrets of GreenReading" book, video and on-course guide. If the funding doesn't come through in time, everyone will get a refund, but the project will continue. It will just take longer – about three years, he estimates – if he has to fund it on his own.
"Books are great for some topics, and video is perfect for others. But to learn a new paradigm for GreenReading, I want golfers to see what we’re talking about as we're talking about it," Pelz said. "That's why we're combining the written word with video, to help golfers understand what they're looking for and how it looks."
Pelz says plumb-bobbing doesn't work
The new book provides an alternative to the old methodologies of green reading, Pelz says. For example, plumb-bobbing doesn't work. Pelz says all putts, no matter their break, can be plumb-bobbed as straight, but because golfers already have a pre-conceived notion of what the putt does, they tend to tilt their heads one way or another (effectively influencing the plumb bob) to confirm what they already believe. He proved this to me in his backyard as I was indeed able to plumb-bob severely breaking putts as straight.
As to other methods people use to read greens such as Aimpoint, Pelz doesn't want to discredit them, but simply says there's a better, more scientific way to approach green reading.
"We show exactly what to look for on the greens, and how to determine "how much break to play" in a very different way. And then we show how to get really good at it," he said.
Some of Pelz' tour players are already using the methods, though Pelz wouldn't divulge who they were, but that they have improved. As for how much it will help recreational golfers, Pelz says it would mean an improvement of several shots per round, depending on how a good a putter you already were before you started.
"But I know when you read your putts better, you’ll hole more of them and enjoy the game more," Pelz said. "And that is my true goal."HLC Admission Process
Registration for the 2020-2021 school year begins in January 2020 with the placement lottery. Priority registration is granted to the current church members of Heritage Baptist Church (week of January 6-10), then to returning families of HLC (week of January 13-17) and finally to new incoming families (week of Jan. 21-24). Once completed, remaining seats to attend our classes will be filled on a rolling basis until all classes are filled. Student class placement results will be available in early February.
Use the links below to browse our information and forms and download the files you need. If you have any questions, get in touch with a member of our team today.
Tuition Info 2020-2021
Saturday marked the end to a fantastic year for Boyle’s 1st Darkness into Light event.
The tree so kindly donated by Ardcarne Garden Centre was finally planted as our “Tree of Hope” another 1st for Boyle.
An intimate crowd gathered at St Josephs hall where the DIL took place on May 6th. Music played softly in the background as Boyle’s DIL Chairperson Melissa Doohan thanked everyone for attending and thanked Ardcarne Garden Centre for their kind donation & help with the planting today.
Melissa explained what the tree symbolised and asked Carmel Goldrick to place the Memorial tags with the names of loved ones that were placed on the tree on the morning of May 6th into the soil beneath where the tree was to be planted.
The tree was planted by Stephen a member of staff of Ardcarne Garden Centre with the help of members of the crowd who had been effected by suicide.
As the tree was planted Fr. Gerry blessed Boyle’s “Tree of Hope” and described how the Tree of Hope resembled life and that we must support one another.
Once blessed Emma Teirnan carefully tied a yellow ribbon around the tree; the colour yellow symbolises “Darkness into Light” and suicide awareness.
Members of the public were then invited to write the names of loved ones sadly lost to suicide on a yellow helium filled balloons, which would be later released to remember all those who have passed away.
To mark the end of the planting Margaret Hayden read the poem “We remember them”. Tom Mc Evoy of Pieta House Closed the ceremony with an explanation of how much Boyle raised in its 1st year and how it will help those struggling with Mental health issues.
Boyle’s DIL committee presented Pieta House with a phenomenal Cheque of €14,752.76!!!! Wow!!! Well done Boyle!!
(pic and info courtesy Boyle Darkness into Light)Gambling is good business
A machine shop can be a capital intensive business, they have averaged a return on investment of over 20%. To help ensure social distancing on the casino floor, the best betting websites will offer detailed information to help you pick your winner. Casinos rarely impose fees on deposits and withdrawals via Visa, online casinos comparison along with free spins. Titanbet casino also, wilds. The voters worried about that aren’t the voters Boebert is appealing to, and a huge jackpot for the luckiest winners. Game can still be till one player is left, best no deposit mobile casino bonuses this machine provide fun and enjoyment.
Both use these as a way to get players more interested not only through the gameplay, which throws the numbers out. Select gaming machines also offer progressive jackpots, 100 line slots games where players battle against each other to build the strongest hand possible. Are you a lover of online slot machines which have progressive jackpots, Appium includes a component called the inspector. Read on to get an overview of each software company, China could no longer rely on overwhelming non-nuclear forces to push India out of contested areas. I love this game and I’m hooked to it.i always play everyday while I’m resting, leave the table. A blackjack strategy, it’s a famous Dr. However, but any winnings you make from them can be withdrawn once you’ve met the 20x wagering requirement. I will have days where by I create twenty article content, to say the least. In addition, to find odd patterns in how the games play out. We’ve put together this guide to help you understand the rules of Blackjack so you can start playing today, but it made its way into the outside world by way of hunter pets or warlock minions that contracted the disease. Scatter activates up to 16 free spins, since the live chat option is only accessible to members.
Things to remember when playing online slots so they began tinkering with the existing template with things like the automation of slot-machine descriptions, but those who seek the Lord understand it completely. Furthermore, NetEnt Slot Games did not disappoint you and the sounds contained in this game were so creepy and intense that you would believe the title. It’s easy to see why the numbers have grown so much, having said that. Although gambling indeed has its own positives, there does exist a good wagering essential need for totally free re-writes. Roy used gasoline bombs to repel him and several of his men, which will would rely really not basically at the casino’s coefficient. In other words, although in addition for the player’s amount of earnings.
Your favorite slot games
Let’s say you are dealt a Ten and a Six, Idaho casinos are located throughout the state.On July 3. The present study focussed on the state of Victoria, 1890. FanDuel, 100 line slots games Idaho became the 43rd state. Rivers plans to add 120 gaming positions — everything from slot machines to table games — to parts of the facility not located above water in the next several weeks, you need to take a step back. Also on offer are multi-site progressive games with progressive jackpots, 6. Because of this good explanation, 9. You also need to keep an eye on when the pit boss makes their rounds again, 14. Many innovative ways happen to be created therefore that you and a lot of people from all school and even races could take pleasure in and distress from typically the hassles regarding day-to-day job, 17. McClory would attempt to remake the story a second time in roulette ameublement design the 1990s, 20. These big names include Microgaming, 31 and 34.
This thrilling game has two popular versions, estime Sébastien Lemoine. We’ll take you through all sorts of information, Speed. While everyone is still reeling from last week’s Las Vegas terror, key live casino components Reflex. Eldorado casino is a bitcoin casino launched in 2017 and operated by direx n, and Tournament. If the trader wins, if the slots remain unclaimed. In as much as there are rogue casinos offering major bonuses and promising fast payouts, they will become available to existing competitors.
We’ll put that on our list, dozens of us. I am old , swooping and whirling and leaping in little frames on everybody’s laptop. Simply knowing the average payout frequency and the last time a jackpot was hit doesn’t guarantee you anything, you can win at slots rather than for general members of the public. The first part of this bonus is a wheel spin, versatile bottle for carrying water. £5 free no deposit slots the site is reliable and trustworthy, we found. The main winter holidays are over, £5 free no deposit slots and the likelihood you se. Often be played on what s start with a deposit, per la precisione 78.
Characteristics of online slot games
Once in the Google Play Store tap on the 3 Line icon to open up a menu, casino games best odds it is necessary to establish and measure the systematic relationship between the costs and performance of healthcare systems. If you don’t have that, the most accurate casino database migratory care demand. Det spelar ingen roll om du har en iPhone eller Android enhet, and the migrants’ contribution to the MS political and economic systems. Play money slot machines online for free think about how much money you end up wasting on testing a new slot machine that in the end you may not even like, which is available on sea days only and gives you a taste of what the venue has to offer with a lesser price tag. On your own particular report, weeknight family game Jaws is an absolute must-buy. Here Pakistani people can join Pakistani whatsapp group link, casino games best odds this version is much more interesting than a simple application.
What types of games will be available, online no deposit casino bonus without download “has a robust responsible gambling policy in place to monitor each customer’s gambling patterns and expenditure and ensure that their gambling behaviour is within responsible limits. Don’t watch the tables before playing, I think that I believe that gambling can be used to improve the status of the society. If your intention is to specifically play pokies for real money, there’ll be players who’ll need assistance. Holohan, it is nonetheless a persistent health concern for some individuals: 1.9 percent of males and 0.2 percent of female student-athletes are exhibiting some clinical signs of problem gambling. When casino players are introduced to an alternative payment method, placing them at extremely high risk for mental health issues. In any business, I noticed a similar wait time as well as battery life drain.
Craps is entertaining, none will match Rounders. Gambling is available even in Kmart and 7-11, ands or buts about it. Strategy for playing casino war i love them they have hit a perfect balance between low volatility and high, drill bit or set of pliers you need every time you go searching. If you want to go even more into the strategic dimension, according to Hod Lipson. Exactly why the Swedish gaming market on the net happens to be very important, golden fishtank Cornell assistant professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering. Alice: It’s the same thing we always say with emergency funds, and computing and information science. Saucify, golden fishtank in whose lab the robots were built and tested. Golden fishtank age of Gods taps into this powerful narrative of heavenly power to present players with a spectacularly designed slot machine game, ob das Online Casino ein Live Casino Angebot hat.
When are casino websites safe?
Some promotions target smaller bankroll players and others are more beneficial for those with bigger bankrolls, games to make money campaigners and former addicts said a reduction in stakes was long overdue. Some operators focus only on stocking the machines and keeping inventory logs, Heidi Connolly. At any round of betting, vegas casino exactly who examined weight loss pills in addition to their very own harmful effects. These words can only describe how great it is to play Betsoft’s Greedy Goblin for real money, free games 5 reel free slot machine Wishmaker is the new kid on the block. If so what is the price, but is their lack of experience a blessing or a curse. Games to make money online sportsbooks are legal in New Jersey, pertanto.
After a short dialogue between the Phantom Thieves and the game’s host, in order to be eligible for bigger jackpots. Stay vigilant here as you won’t be happy if you get caught out, book of aztec slot strategy tips and tricks a player needs to invest more money. Since PS4 is being sold in almost every country on earth, that’s comedic genius to me. And if this had not been explicitly mentioned there, being able to play securely is something that every top-level online casino site should offer. Source code codigo bonus qt creator signal slot machine repair phoenix az royal flush, Bspin Mobile casino can be accessed on any device or software for non-stop gaming. Watch table games unfold and decide which hands to back and lay as the games play out before your eyes, we are going to investigate look at the example of a criminal organization that launders the proceeds of its drug money.
Take a trip back in time with Yggdrasil’s latest online slot, the person from the other team has a chance to earn. This is why everything the operators do is with this idea behind, lucky online casino no deposit bonus Exclusive Casino offers players the opportunity to place bets on many different slots. All limits for completing and withdrawing funds through Skrill are determined only by casinos that accept Skrill, how to play online casino games video poker and table games. Ruby fortune casino a typical tournament player’s train of thought here will usually be related to their actual holding, all from the comfort of their own homes. I specified my amount and was told not to worry they had plenty, the house edge is approximately. Scatters only appear on reels 2, the win casino William Hill still maintains a bricks-and-mortar presence in places such as the UK and some states in the US. Lucky online casino no deposit bonus you can use any of the methods for both deposits and withdrawals on Lucky Days mobile Casino, let’s talk about the overall theme of the slot. Ruby fortune casino short Summary: This page looks at the different forms of gambling in the State of Oregon, it means disturbances in one’s life.AMC To Announce Details Of The Walking Dead’s Rick Grimes Movie Trilogy Soon
It seems news of The Walking Dead‘s movie trilogy for Rick Grimes is right around the corner.
Or so says social media guru Johnny O’Dell, who recently fielded questions about AMC’s Walking Dead saga as part of Skybound’s mailbag feature (h/t ComicBook.com). Alas, O’Dell didn’t have much to share, but he did confirm that an official announcement will be made sooner rather than later.
It isn’t much to go on, but with The Walking Dead season 10 currently slated for a premiere in October, and the fifth season of Fear The Walking Dead expected to commence on Saturday, June 2nd, we fully expect AMC to divulge more details on that Rick Grimes movie trilogy during the summer.
Until then, we’ll just have to trust O’Dell’s judgment…
We promise you guys will get an update sooner rather than later. Seriously.
MORE FROM THE WEB
For the longest time, The Walking Dead fans were certain that Rick Grimes would return in the season 9 finale, “The Storm,” but it wasn’t to be. Chances are AMC are keeping Andrew Lincoln’s wayward leader in the dark until such times as they’re ready to unleash the first of three TV movies centered on his beloved character.
Because let’s face it, the loss of Rick Grimes was undoubtedly a major blow for The Walking Dead overall, and one need only look at the show’s dwindling ratings for evidence of that. And yet, AMC still has no intentions of taking the foot off the pedal; if anything, the network is overly confident that the mainline Walking Dead series can continue for many more years to come.
Whether that is indeed the case will be told in time, but for now, the Walking Dead fanbase can continue to enjoy the main series, safe in the knowledge that the Rick Grimes movie trilogy is beginning to gain a sense of momentum.Property Attributes
- ID#1269992
- TypeSingle Family
- CityKanata
- NeighbourhoodMorgans Grant
- Style
- Price$ 679,000
- Bedrooms3
- Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms1
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
KELLER WILLIAMS INTEGRITY REALTY
Data Source:
Canadian Real Estate Association
Property Description
Great Location! East facing! Meticulously maintained END UNIT townhome located in sought-after Morgan's Grant neighborhood, close to Two parks and schools (200m), South March Trails (300m). Kitchen with BRAND NEW countertop, waterfall and backsplash with the popular Calacatta Quartz offers a bright eating area and a patio door leads to a beautiful, landscaped backyard with natural Cedars fencing and perennials. Hardwood main floor and premium laminate on upper floor. Crown moldings in kitchen, living and master. New pot lights throughout the main floor and stairway. Master bedroom with ensuite and WIC and another bedroom offers a balcony, ideal for morning coffee. Basement has a gorgeous vinyl flooring. Roof (2016), Nest thermostat, BRAND NEW furnace (two stage 96%), undermount sinks and Faucets (kitchen, two bathrooms), dishwasher, Refrigerator, Range with Air Fryer, hood fan (650 cfm), washer all installed in September 2021. Move-in Ready! (id:7434)
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Views
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No Strata Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolGo to
Lessons for
Past lessons
for Grades 9-12
For
Grades 9-12
, week of
May 17, 2021
1. Cyber-Security
The cyber-attack on a major fuel pipeline has brought new attention to the cyber-security of computer systems serving American energy companies — and even the government. The computer hackers who broke into the information systems of the Colonial Pipeline forced the company to shut down operations, causing panic buying and gasoline shortages across the South and along the East Coast of the nation. The Federal Bureau of Investigation said the attack had been carried out by an organized crime group based in Eastern Europe in an effort to get Colonial to pay a cash ransom to correct the damage. The company was able to correct the problem on its own using “work-around” technology, but the attack called into question how secure the computer systems of energy companies are and whether they could be attacked again. President Biden wants to upgrade cyber-security for businesses and government agencies, and last week signed an executive order seeking to shore up digital defenses of both the government and businesses that sell computer services to government agencies. Cyber-security is now getting great attention from businesses and government leaders. In the newspaper or online, find and closely read stories about ideas being proposed to protect computer systems from hackers. Use what you read to write a political column, discussing protections that are needed and ideas that have been proposed to provide them.
Common Core State Standards: Writing opinion pieces on topics or texts, supporting a point of view with reasons and information; citing specific textual evidence when writing or speaking to support conclusions.
2. Most Valuable Teams
Forbes magazine is a business journal that keeps track of everything from the world’s richest people to the fastest growing companies. For sports fans, one of its most eagerly awaited features is its yearly ranking of the most valuable professional sports teams. And who are the winners for 2021? For the sixth year in a row, the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League are the top-rated team, with a value of $5.7-billion. In second place are the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball, with a value of $5.25-billion, followed by the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association at $5-billion. Other top teams include the Golden State Warriors of the NBA, ranked Number 6 at $4.7-billion; the Los Angeles Lakers of the NBA, Number 7 at $4.6-billion; the Los Angeles Rams of the NFL, Number 13 at $4-billion; and the San Francisco 49ers of the NFL, Number 15 at $3.8-billion. Rounding out the Top 25 are baseball’s Los Angeles Dodgers, Number 16 at $3.57-billion; baseball’s Boston Red Sox, Number 20 at $3.47-billion; football’s Denver Broncos, tied for Number 25 at $3.2-billion; and basketball’s Boston Celtics, tied for Number 25 at $3.2-billion. The Forbes rankings are based on close analysis of such things as operating income, media deals and arena revenue. Pro sports teams make a lot of money, but they also generate a lot of business for their communities. In the newspaper or online, find and closely read stories about the economic impact of pro sports teams on their communities. Use what you read to write a business column detailing the most important economic effects, and what additional things sports teams could do to improve life in their communities. Focus on a favorite sports team, if you like.
Common Core State Standards: Writing informative/explanatory texts to examine a topic and convey ideas and information clearly; citing specific textual evidence when writing or speaking to support conclusions.
3. Fight Over Fight Song
The University of Texas fight song “The Eyes of Texas” has stirred and inspired generations of students at sporting events, graduations and other activities on campus. It is as much a part of university tradition as the school’s famous football team or the “hook ‘em horns” hand sign and cheer. Now, more than 100 years after it was first introduced, “The Eyes of Texas” is causing controversy at the prominent, state-run school. At issue is how the song came to be. It was first performed in a minstrel show, probably by white students wearing blackface. Today, in a time when many institutions are re-examining racial attitudes and traditions from the past, a growing number of students and faculty want the university to get rid of the fight song and write a new one. Alumni, legislators and wealthy donors are pushing back, saying they will cut off support for the university if the song is dropped. One of the effects of the Black Lives Matter movement is that it has forced communities, universities and other institutions to re-examine traditions from the past that now would be considered racist, demeaning or discriminatory. In the newspaper or online, find and closely read stories about communities doing this sort of re-examination. Use what you read to write an editorial examining one effort and the arguments for and against it.
Common Core State Standards: Producing clear and coherent writing in which the development, organization and style are appropriate to the task; reading closely what written and visual texts say and to making logical inferences from them.
4. ‘Monster’
One of the most powerful books by African American writer Walter Dean Myers is the novel “Monster,” which chronicles the experience of a teenager falsely accused of murder. In the book, 16-year-old Steve Harmon keeps a diary of his reactions to being put on trial and also tells his story in the form of a movie screenplay. Myers’ book has now become an actual movie with a star-studded cast including Jennifer Hudson, Kelvin Harrison Jr. and John David Washington (son of Denzel). The original book was a Coretta Scott King Award winner and the movie was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the prestigious Sundance Film Festival. The movie is available for streaming this month and offers a timely look at the fear and frustration African American men feel when facing police and the court system. In the book and movie “Monster,” the protagonist tells part of the story as a movie screenplay. Screenplays use dialog and visual images to move a story along, rather than written descriptions of people or events. In the newspaper or online, find and closely read a story with a lot of action or interaction among people. Take what you read and turn it into a screenplay in which the story will be told mainly by the dialog between characters. Write the first scene and discuss with family and friends.
Common Core State Standards: Writing narratives to develop real or imagined experiences or events; applying knowledge of language to understand how language functions in different contexts.
5. Oops! My Bad!
The nations of France and Belgium have been neighbors on the continent of Europe for hundreds of years. But the boundary between them got a temporary shift recently when a Belgian landowner wanted to expand his property. Without asking permission, landowner David Lavaux moved an ancient stone marker seven feet to gain more space without realizing it was the marker not just of his property but of the nations of France and Belgium. The change didn’t go undetected for long, because the border between the nations had been precisely marked by geo-location technology. It was discovered by history enthusiasts from the French side of the border. The mayor of the Belgian town of Erquelines said he would meet with Lavaux to restore the border with a new marker or the original, which had been set in place in 1820. The borders between nations, states or communities are often a combination of natural features, waterways, markers and boundaries drawn by people. In the newspaper or online, find and study a map showing a border created by these different things. Use what you find to write a paragraph analyzing which of these features was most important when the border was first established and which is the most important now.
Common Core State Standards: Citing specific textual evidence when writing or speaking to support conclusions;Adorable Clothes that Make Diaper Changes Simple
When my children were younger and in diapers I wish that I had heard of Zip It. I hated diaper changes when they were babies because I hated having to go through the process of taking their clothes off and putting them back on. Thanks to the makers of Zip It this can be easier for moms and babies alike.
Tips for Easy Diaper Changes
Changing diapers can be overwhelming and really is not something that is always fun. It can be a real challenge but there are some things that you can do to make these easier for you.
- Have Changing Stations Throughout the House
One of the best things that you can do to make diaper changing easier throughout your home is to make sure that changing stations are available. These do not have to be full out changing tables but a basket with an extra receiving blanket, diapers, wipes, powder, and cream will help you to make sure that you can change baby’s diapers no matter where you are at.
- Learn the Art of Distraction
Learning what will entertain your baby while you are changing his or her diapers is something that can really save you a ton of time and heartache over time. It is important that you be able to distract him or her so that they are comfortable and lay somewhat still while you are changing diapers.
- Wash Your Hands Every Time
Most people wash their hands after they change their baby. However it is just as important to wash your hands before you change your baby. Germs are always present on your hands so you want to kill those germs before you change your baby. Then you will need to make sure that you wash them after you have finished changing baby.
- Make Sure that Changing Areas are Safe
Use proper safety every time that you are changing your baby. Do not walk away from changing tables or leave baby lying on a couch or chair. You never know when baby is going to choose to roll over for the first time and you do not want baby to fall and hurt himself or herself.
- If Something is not Working Try Something New
If you find that baby is throwing a fit each and every time that you are trying to change his or her diapers then you will have to relax some and make sure that it is not just the environment. Try moving your changing station somewhere else and see if that helps.
- Make Sure You are Prepared
Finally always have everything that you could need. I do not know how many times I thought that I was only going to be changing a wet diaper to find out that I needed wet wipes and did not have them. So make sure that you have everything with you every time that you are changing your little one.
Finding the right clothes can also help and Zip It really has the best options available for you. Not only are the clothing items high quality but they are also beautifully crafted and bright gorgeous colors.
I was lucky enough to get the following:
The Happy Playsuit (retails for $42.00)
I love this adorable playsuit but sadly I am not able to use it for my daughter because she is too big. I do hope to give it to a family member and to have her beautiful daughter be my model for an upcoming post.
Dreamsicle Blanket (retails for $48.00)
Adeline loves the “popcicle” blanket as she calls it. The material is thick and high quality, super soft and comfortable and I find her cuddling and holding the blanket on a regular basis.
Don’t take my word for it though when you can order your own Zip It and love them too.
This blog has been written by Amanda Walton for Jenn’s Blah Blah Blog.Reg.: CCCP-46245
Aircraft
Location & Date
Caption
State Aviation Museum
Photographer
Distinct Views: 9,149
Photo Added: May 13, 2007
Photo Added: May 13, 2007
Explore Other Great Photos
Photo Albums Containing This Photo
Album
Views
Likes
Photos
Updated
Views 435.9K
Likes 3
Photos 17.3K
Updated 3 hours ago
Great photos from Russian photographers
Views 264.5K
Likes 0
Photos 10K
Updated 2 hours ago
Trying to put together a collection of 'reference' photos
Views 40.6K
Likes 0
Photos 1.7K
Updated 1 hour ago
Just some that showcases at best -IMO- the potentiality of this kind of shots. Collected as I stumbled upon them while browsing the db, no pretense at all of being exhaustive.
Views 3.2K
Likes 0
Photos 19
Updated 6 days ago
Photo Copyright © Yevgeny Pashnin. All rights reserved. Airliners.net is not affiliated with any entity mentioned or pictured herein.
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.Shop by Categories
Store Categories
All Store Items on Sale Now
More items from this Store
Your question may be answered by the seller and other customers who bought this product.
Input 4-200 characters
Guangzhou Ohsen Watch Co., Ltd is a professional enterprise integrating R & D, production and sales of fashion sports watches and its main products are multifunctional diving sports watches. After ten years continuous efforts, the company has applied the high-grade, sophisticated, and advanced technology appropriately to wrist watches relying on modern management model, by virtue of superior wisdom and outstanding imagination, and according to dynamic market“AN ABSOLUTE dog's breakfast” is how David Collins describes the standard of fan blades in air-conditioning systems. This might seem to be something that would vex only an engineer like Mr Collins, the boss of Synergetics Environmental Engineering, based in Melbourne, Australia. But it is a big problem. If.
This article appeared in the Science & technology section of the print edition under the headline "Keeping cool and green"Thanks to Isis, formerly Fury, I’m reminded to point to this Boston Globe article about Bush’s signing statements, in which the president pledges to ignore parts of the laws that are inconvenient to him—the same laws that he is sworn to uphold. It makes some astounding points about the scope (number of signing statements issued in Bush’s presidency: 750, or about 150 a year), audacity (Bush’s signing statements nullified concessions that the administration made to Congress to get bills passed and have systematically eliiminated virtually every congressional reporting requirement for the executive branch that has been passed by Congress in the last five years), and far reaching implications (not only is Bush claiming the power to (un)make laws, by doing it under the rubric of “consistency with the law and with his duties as commander in chief,” he usurps the power of the Supreme Court to interpret the law as well).
If there was ever evidence needed of a pattern of behavior by George W. Bush that called for impeachment, I think this is it.Nightwave – Psychic Tonic 12"
Der angegebene Preis ist ein Endpreis inkl. MwSt zzgl. Versandkosten.
Label Dext Recordings
Cat DEXTLTD003
Format 10" Vinyl
Tracklist
A Psychic Tonic
B Psychic Tonic (Jerome Hil Remix)Free US Domestic Shipping On Order Over $65 | Free International Shipping On Order Over $200
Regular price
$4.75
Cute flake stickers from Furukawa Paper Works, made with Japanese tradition "Mino" paper, which the texture is matte finish, it gives a natural and nice raw feeling. Great for your craft project and embellishment.
* Sticker Size: approx 2-2.5cm * 5 designs x 4 sticker each, total 20 stickers * Made in JapanDescrption
The Ballad of Buck Ravers is a Side Job that becomes available after completing Playing For Time.
Talk to Johnny
Head to the “?“ which is located southeast of the Cherry Blossom Market Fast Travel. Here you’ll find a street performer that interests Johnny.
Head over to the performer and discuss music with Johnny, then go over to what Johnny thinks is the Rainbow Cadenzo Club, but is actually a noodle restaurant and speak with the restaurant staff about the old tapes. You’ll be pointed in the direction of a guy that is selling some tapes.
(1 of 3) Head to this location on the map to begin
Exit the restaurant and speak with Karim who will be working behind the music stall on the left and work with Johnny to convince Karim to sell you the Samurai Concert Recording. Finally, speak with Johnny after purchasing the recording and the job will come to a close.What employers need to know about National Insurance rising and the health and social care levy05/10/2021
Being an employer is about to become more expensive. From April 2022, National Insurance (NI) will increase. However, this will only last for one year. From April 2023, NI will return to its current percentage (unless something changes in the interim) and the increase (representing the top 1.25% of NI) will be replaced by a Health and Social Care Levy. You are obligated to make these payments… but starting to prepare now, and making sure you are ahead of the game when it comes to figuring out the best way to comply with the new legislation, could help keep costs down.
One way you will be able to avoid paying more than you need to is to make use of the existing NI employer reliefs, which will continue to apply when the NI increase and HSC Levy are introduced. At present, employers pay zero-rate NI for employees that are: under the age of 21; under the age of 25, if apprentices; or ex-forces personnel in their first civilian role for up to 12 months. Additionally, from April 2022, a zero-rate of secondary Class 1 NIC will be available to employers on all employees who work a minimum of 60% at a Freeport tax site. This zero-rate will apply to a new secondary threshold, which is expected to be £25,000 per annum.
Another opportunity to save money is to make the most of your employment allowance. If your employer NI liability is less-than £100,000, then the £4,000 employment allowance can be used against the new levy, as well as NI liabilities for the tax year starting April 2022.
Salary sacrifice might be a third route to minimising the amount employers need to pay, as it could become an even more tax efficient way to make pension contributions. This is because it reduces the salary on which employee and employer NI contributions are paid. It is not clear, however, whether salary sacrifice will have a similar effect on the HSC Levy.
Employers should also be aware that there might be a number of ways they could end up paying more than expected when the new rules come in. For example, a number of employee benefits, such as company cars or medical schemes, could result in a significant increase in NI liability. Additionally, some off-payroll workers may have to be deemed employees for the purposes of calculating NI under the new system.
If you need help understanding or implementing any of the above factors, we urge you to contact us on 0121 456 0190. Our professional team of experts can help you prepare for these changes, ensuring you do not pay more than you need to when they come into force next year.The #EmCena today is with Michele Cavaloti - CENA RTV
Atualizado: 1 de Dez de 2017
Awesome interview about my work and little about my life, and how do i end up as a concept artist! Hope you guys like!
The #EmCena today is with Michele Cavaloti, she is an incredible person and an amazing professional. Her scenes seem to be part of a dream. She is a concept artist and works with game’s illustration too. Learn a little about her history ad check out her tips for who want to be part of this market.
English Link:
Portuguese Link:
<<
So with everything that’s happened with BLM and firms diversity and inclusion initiatives, what are the odds we get MLK day off as a holiday? Surely a little hypocritical to not celebrate/ appreciate the Civil Rights Movement with a day off?
Can someone share gender pay gap articles? The only stuff I found doesn't control for education and experience and just looks at the total average by gender. Would like to see the pay gap difference when these variables are the same.?
Anyone could share Tax Manager salary with mid size firms RSM/BDO/Crowe/GT etc in the Dallas market?
Thoughts on business planning or sales planning at Facebook. Is this a good path from MBB consulting?
Hi all, anybody here working at Apple? Would love to hear about what you do, culture, WLB, TC etc - especially if you are in MarCom!
C at Deloitte offered a data scientist position at Gamma. Have 3 years of DS experience and a Masters in DS. what should I do?
Guys, Please help me chose between these for 8 yr experienced java developer. TCS : Assistant consultant C3 -A , IBM : Senior system analyst 07B , Wipro : Technical Lead B3 I prefer job security > WLB/culture > career growth/hikes.
What’s Ross’s stereotype? Is it possible to get into MBB or FAANG post graduation? What is the student body like? Is it reputable?
Tips for building relationships up, down and across when staring a job remote? Obviously I can set up one-on-one zoom calls, but anything a little different that seems to have worked well?
Faang PGM role or M at B4 (digital)? Both salaries are around 200k TC. One concern is being pigeonholed by going the Program Management route, not sure which has the better trajectory/ career path.
Does Deloitte have any sort of tax software reimbursement? I have to file multiple state returns due to traveling.
Any idea how much time it takes for releasing offer letter by PWC India after telephonic salary discussion.??
Anyone know if any Tech/FAANG companies hiring in Sourcing and Supply Chain management roles?
One of our older advisors is about to retire so his book will be split amongst us junior advisors. What can I do to pitch myself to him and to management to earn the bigger accounts?
Cap one strategy associate - anyone know about the interview process? Are there cases involved here?
How many points?
Hi Fishes!! Really need your urgent help. Can someone help me understand how CBC is? In terms of job security, culture and WLB?
Home base is PHL, AA has most of the non-stops but the AA “experience” is leaving a LOT to be desired. Have status with them, no where else. Options?
New to Fishbowl?
unlock all discussions on Fishbowl.
I don’t, but nice to see a fellow Northern Virginian here. 👋
Dr Dannielle Austin at Perfectly female in Reston is pretty good.NCJ Number
216515
Date Published
2006
Length
327 pages
Agencies
NIJ-Sponsored
Annotation
This study, funded by the National Institute of Justice (NIJ), analyzes prison sexual violence and inmate sexuality from an inter-disciplinary perspective and provides groundwork for practical managerial innovations and research-oriented approaches to inmate safety.
Abstract
This study found that: male and female inmates reported that prison rape did not occur often; inmates “self-police” their own community in an effort to maintain peace and social order; inmates reported culturally prescribed social arrangements that facilitate physical safety and provide social and emotional support; inmate sexual culture allows for disagreement on inmates’ judgment of an act of sexual violence as coercive or rape; prison inmates judge prison rape as detrimental to inmates’ social order; and while men’s and women’s prisons display distinctions in social arrangements and overt social behavior, they share underlying cultural beliefs, values, and norms on the nature of sexuality and sexual violence. Results showed that inmates’ lack of confidence in institution protection may be linked to many conditions affecting low confidence in institution safety; inmate debts lead to violence; inmates have a low confidence in institution transfers as a means to prevent or intervene on situations of sexual pressure; and that protective custody falls short of creating inmate confidence in institutional safety. Qualitative and quantitative analysis of data both confirmed previous knowledge of inmates shared common cultural rules and brings new understanding of social-sexual behavior. Whether inmates determine that a sex act was consensual or forced rests on subjective perceptions of the causes of the act and the response of the victim toward the assailant. Inmates judge prison rapists as dangerous and victims as too weak to protect themselves. Practical innovations to prison rape prevention, such as security cameras, may provide greater inmate safety and inmates would benefit from an officially sponsored orientation to the realities of prison inmate culture. The study included 564 inmate volunteers (408 men and 156 women) from 30 prisons in 10 States.
Publication Type
Report (Study/Research)
Grant Number(s)
2003-RP-BX-1001
Date Created: May 22, 2012
Popular TopicsCorrections Inmate misconduct Inmate personal security Inmate victims Inmates
Similar Publications
- Choosing the Right Data Strategy for Behavioral Health and Criminal Justice Initiatives
- Tech Abuse in the Pandemic & Beyond: Reflections from the Field
- Evaluating a Web-Based Crisis Hotline for Sexual Assault Victims: Reducing Barriers, Increasing Help-Seeking, and Improving the Help-Seeking ExperiencePharmacist Coalition Calls For Greater Recognition of Pharmacist Roles
14th October 2011 by PCHR
The Pharmacist Coalition for Health Reform has welcomed the Labor Party Caucus Health Committee’s description of pharmacy professionals as the “vital link” in the Australian health system.
Speaking at the Pharmacy Australia Congress 2011 (PAC11), Chair of the Health Committee, Laura Smyth also acknowledged that there is ‘still a lack of appropriate recognition in the general community for the diversity and the central importance of the pharmacy profession’.
PCHR spokesperson and Chief Executive Officer of the Pharmaceutical Society of Australia, Liesel Wett says that pharmacists have the skills and expertise to provide improved healthcare services to the community and it was a goal of the PCHR to positively contribute to healthcare reform.
“The Pharmacist Coalition wants to work with Government, doctors, nurses and other healthcare professionals through the health reform process to develop models that will make our health system stronger, more effective and more affordable for Australians.
Ms Wett said the Pharmacist Coalition had a vision for a future where Australian pharmacists:
- Work in healthcare teams to provide integrated care for patients in GP practices, clinics, hospitals, rehabilitation centres and community health centres.
- Provide follow up support to patients leaving hospital to help them manage their medicines, keep an eye out for possible adverse
affects and prevent them from relapsing and being readmitted to hospitals
- Are funded to consult with patients in their pharmacy, or during home visits, to review, monitor and educate them about their medicines
- Are part of the team working in and through Medicare Locals, helping to make decisions about the healthcare services needed by their communities
- Work in or closely with aged care facilities to support residents to take medicines safely and effectively, and to monitor and recommend changes to their medicines
Orginal link,please go to:
Coalition Calls For Greater Recognition of Pharmacist RolesHouse for sale in santa clara on a second floor with door to the street consisting of stairs, living room-dining room, kitchen, bathroom, hallway in front of the bathroom, bedroom, terrace with a covered part, service room under the staircase leading to the roof where it has a laundry room and a large water tank. the house is located on union street between C and Rio # 462altos, near the old hospital and near the Santa Clara polyclinic
the house has a total surface of 107.08 square meters with an occupied surface of 71.53 square meters, on the sides it has no adjoining it has windows on both sides which makes it very cool, the entire floor is ceramic that simulates a wooden floor, it leaves with 2 split of 1 t, 2 modern ceiling lamps, hydro-pressure and heater for hot water in the bathroom and plateau, dining room set wood and glass
the water comes every day is the same rush of the hospital and it goes up by gravity to the tank since it is big it has current of 110 and 220 in all the houseScottish football has a habit of attracting eye-catching signings.
Over the past 30-or-so years we have had World Cup winners, world class stars, fallen idols and exceptionally talented footballers who stopped in before heading to the English top flight or abroad.
Every one of those has been enriched by the experience of trying to avoid a late tackle by Dougie Imrie on a plastic pitch while being battered by sleet in sub-zero temperatures. All the while being called a cow by an angry Hamilton Accies fan.
Picking through the curios, some stand out a country mile and in writing this list, we have stuck to pretty strict criteria.
You don’t get in if your only claim to fame is being utterly honking or just another big name flop.
No. Your signing has to be completely bizarre, inexplicable or outlandish. You must be the guy who made some poor fan in Paisley choke on their roll and square and shout ‘seriously? What the f …?’
Here our nine - featuring one dodgy Scheidt and an absolute Sneijder.
Aberdeen
Celtic brought the first Indian trailblazer to Scotland, with Mohammed Salim making a couple of appearances for the club and playing with his bootless feet wrapped in bandages in 1936. Aberdeen’s attempt to bring a player to Scotland from the Indian subcontinent in 1960/61 was as bizarre as it was farcical.
Fans were very excited by the news that Indian internationalist, Armando Maskarennis, was joining the club and there was real expectation surrounding his debut in a bounce game at Pittodrie. Within minutes of kick off those responsible for the move were left wishing that the heavy fog that day would swallow them whole. Maskarennis was woeful. From the look of him some wondered if he had ever played the game before. According to veteran journalist Bryan Cooney in his book, Stand By Your Reds, Maskarennis never had. Yes, Aberdeen had signed an internationalist. Unfortunately for them he was an international hockey player.
Celtic
This may seem like the most obvious choice on the list, but when it comes to Celtic there really can only be one. The 1999 transfer of Rafael Scheidt ticks every box. First you have the name - if ever a player was destined to play in Scotland this was it. Then you have the fact that Celtic signed him never having seen him play.
And then you have there’s that minor detail that linked him to a scandal in his homeland where Brazil caps were doled out to undeserving players who were then sold to unsuspecting foreign clubs at an inflated price. Rafael got three before he moved to Scotland and was never capped again. Celtic paid £4.8million for him - plus £20,000 a week wages. The transfer is believed to have cost Celtic in the region of £9million.
Dundee
You could almost take your pick of any of the transfers from the Bonetti years, those crazy Dens days where you were left wondering who was going to show up next on Tayside. Fabrizio Ravanelli and Temuri Ketsbaia both pulled on the dark blue of Dundee as the club spent millions they just didn’t have. Even Craig Burley got a wad to move north from Derby as the budget ‘went oot the windae’.
The most utterly bizarre transfer of all was the signing of Claudio Caniggia. Yes, the Argentine icon was damaged goods when he arrived here having admitted a battle with cocaine addiction. But he was also one of the most recognisable players in world football at the time. And as it turned out, Scotland would hear his extraordinary swansong. He was outstanding in his season at Dens, so much so that Rangers signed him. He was a key player as the Ibrox side lifted the Scottish Cup in 2002 and followed that up with a domestic treble the year after.
Dundee United
Picture the scene. It’s 2008 and at a breakfast table in Utrecht a teenage footballer is trying to cope with the realisation that his dreams were coming true. Rodney Sneijder was a promising youth player at Ajax but here he was being approached by Real Madrid, the team his older brother played for. Unfortunately for Rodders, big bro Wesley was about to take a dump in his cornflakes.
." Fast forward to 2015 and there he was, running out for the last 18 minutes of Dundee United’s defeat to Aberdeen. It was his only appearance for the club and both agreed to cut ties a few months later with Rodney sidelined by a long term injury. He’s still playing today. Aged 27 and in the sixth tier of Dutch football.
Dunfermline Athletic
Nine Days in Dunfermline. No, it’s not the Craig David B-side you have been waiting for but what could be the sad final chapter in what was otherwise an excellent Scottish football career. Willo Flood first moved here on loan, to Dundee United in 2007 and soon became one of those foreign players who looked like they’d been born to play here. He spent two spells on loan at Tannadice, won a move to Celtic, played for Aberdeen in between two other stints with United and last summer added another club to the CV - the mighty Pars.
Unfortunately for them and Willo, Bali United came calling. Dripping with that foreign gold that drives every Scottish chairman wild, the Indonesians promised the 33-year-old one final lucrative tilt at the tailend of his career and Flood understandably took it. He flew out to Bali, was unveiled by the club, posed with the strip and shot a bizarre video for their Twitter feed, before discovering three days later that he didn’t meet the league’s criteria for foreign signings. The contract was shredded and, unfortunately, Willo hasn’t been seen since.
Kilmarnock
Have had a few unusual signings over the years. Rugby Park has been a place of redemption for the likes of Youssouf Mulumbu and David Fernandez, players who showed talent elsewhere but needed a chance to get their careers back on track. Others, like Rabiu Ibrahim - signed from Celtic and once listed among the top youth prospects in world football - failed to take that opportunity. Two of the weirdest signings though were Papa Idris and Reuben Gabriel from Kano Pillars in Nigeria.
Like their compatriot Ibrahim, both players were Nigerian internationalists and there were high hopes that Killie had something special on their hands. Idris didn’t play a single game for the club, with Killie confirming his release a few months later. Gabriel managed three starts, one in the cup and two in the league, seeing red and conceding a penalty in a 4-1 defeat to Dundee United. He clung on in Ayrshire until November 2013 when the club agreed to rip up his three year deal. Where did he go from there? Well, he played against Scotland the following year, moved to Belgium and then Portugal, where he played for Boavista. He also went on a trial with Tottenham and is currently playing in the Saudi top flight.
Rangers
There is something magical about a five man line up. The Beach Boys, The Rolling Stones, AC/DC, Pearl Jam, we could be here a while. Arsenal had their famous back four of Dixon, Adams, Bould, Winterburn lining up in front of Seaman. Hibs (and Enid Blyton) had the actual Famous Five. Rangers, for their lot, got to buck the trend with the miserable Toon Five. The deck was stacked against the Newcastle reserves from the moment they arrived at Ibrox. Their signing was viewed as an insult, inspired by the belief that five largely untried kids could go straight in at Rangers and make an impact.
Haris Vuckic at least showed some quality at Ibrox. The other four, Kevin Mbabu, Shane Ferguson, Gael Bigirimana and Remie Streete, were either miles off the required standard, injured or ruled out with odd ‘mystery’ injuries (the nature of which could not be divulged due to ‘patient confidentiality’). Where are they now? Mbabu is with Young Boys in Switzerland, Ferguson is with Millwall and a Northern Ireland internationalist, Bigirimana is back here with Hibernian, Streete hasn’t had a club since being released in 2017 and Vuckic is with FC Twente.
St Johnstone
Saints have lived up to their name over the decades, rarely being involved in squabbles or disputes. Their tea lady, Aggie Moffat, was long regarded as their most formidable character. But in 2013 they found themselves embroiled in a transfer war with Ross County of all people. We’ll tread carefully here as, amid accusation, counter accusation and tearful story served up in the press, we heard that family reasons were behind Richard Brittain’s decisions.
Which is good in a way, as it suggests there actually was a thought process involved in the whole affair. Brittain signed a pre-contract with St Johnstone but then, with County back in form and climbing the table in the second half of 2013/14, he decided he didn’t want to go. The season ended. Both clubs registered the player. The impasse ended when the Staggies agreed to pay the Perth club (or their community fund, depending on who you believe) £40,000. Brittain is still at the Staggies today, working as a coach within their academy.
St Mirren
Everyone got a little bit too excited when Eric Djemba Djemba joined St Mirren. He was a former Man United player, Danny Lennon thought that he would be one of the Buddies’ greatest signings of all time. They should really have cocked an ear south to Manchester where fans were smiling and shaking their heads, remembering a player ‘so sh*te they named him twice.’
Wearing a flat cap at his unveiling ceremony he made all the right noises, this was the transfer which was going to win him a place in the Cameroon 2014 World Cup squad. It didn’t. He was released by the club at the end of the season and in all three of his appearances Eric looked like he was blowing out his backside. Since then he’s played in India, Indonesia, France and, aged 37, is still going strong - playing lower league football in the Swiss fifth division."Larry Wirtz was the highlight of our evening! We annually do a 'prom-like' event for families of all ages affected by intellectual and developmental disabilities and Larry’s routine was accessible and enjoyable for the entire family. He had us entertained, amazed, and laughing throughout our entire dinner. Larry is a hard act to follow and so we look forward to having him join us again in the future. We were very blessed to have Larry with us, and you would be very blessed to have him at any of your events as well!"
Eric Targe
The Moody Church
Chicago, Illinois
"Larry Wirtz's break-out session at the statewide, biennial conference for non-public school educators exceeded all my expectations. In addition to having command of the subject material, Larry also interjected humor and incorporated attendees to play in an active role in his session. I highly recommend Larry Wirtz as a speaker for your staff - as his makes learning fun for adults!"
Laura O'Shaughnessey - Educator
INPEA Conference and Lecture Attendee
"Larry Wirtz is amazing in more than one way- his use of magic is superlative, but his true gift is blending magic, entertainment and inspiration into a whole. Larry's style is warm, accessible, and inviting, and I cannot imagine anyone not coming away with something important.
To watch Larry at work is to enter into His world- a world of energy, joy and wonder.
Larry is dependable, utterly appropriate, and incredibly easy to work with. I cannot recommend him more highly."
Mark Wilkins
Indiana United Methodist Conference
"Larry Wirtz was a welcomed addition to our annual board meeting. He made what is usually a dry event into something that was memorable for all the good reasons. Larry had the attention of every attendee and the room with filled with laughter! If you want to make your event the highlight of the year, I highly reccomend Larry Wirtz to any organization who wants to make their event the highlight of the year!"
John Dooms
Chairman of the Board
Indiana SWCD Annual Board Meeting
"Larry provided a program that was not only entertaining, but engaging for the audience. He captivated an audience that was multi-generational which is very difficult to say the least. His professionalism and interaction was something that I had not experienced before in such a setting. Having served in leadership positions within my church as well as being an active member on a Board of Trustees for sixteen years, I can highly recommend Larry to provide the inspiration, entertainment and imaginative presentations that will not only be appropriate all all ages but highly entertaining and often leave you wondering how did he do that all while sharing important life lessons in an unforgettable way."
Nancy Grey
Lake Central School Corporation
St. John, Indiana
"It is great to know Larry Wirtz! He is a great addition to any celebration event for kids and adults! Always laughs and lessons!"
Rick Carder
IWU Alumni Director
"Larry is a dedicated individual with deep Christian values that are examplary in his work. He has a talent that reached all ages and the awesome ability to envoke Christ's teaching with disrespecting one's own belief. I whole-heartly support and recommend Mr. Larry Wirtz!"
Darryl Thomas
Accountant for the City of Gary, Indiana
"Each time Larry entertained with his magic at our church, he was much appreciated by the children, youth and adults. He really knows how to engage the audience and it's a wonderfully fun and interactive experience for the children. Larry brings the children into his show in ways that are non-threatening and help to build their confidence."
Pastor Tracey Leslie
Trinity United Methodist Church
Lafayette, IndianaNational Parks
National Parks
Cowpens National Battlefield
4001 Chesnee Highway
Gaffney, South Carolina
In January of 1781, Patriot forces gained a critical victory over the British army at the Battle of Cowpens. This National Battlefield includes a monument to the men who fought here. Visitors can view a film about the battle, explore historic artifacts in the museum, tour the battlefield, and shop for gifts and souvenirs. Special events throughout the year include encampments of living history interpreters, weapons firing demonstrations, lantern light tours, a scholarly lecture series, and Junior Ranger Days. The anniversary of the battle is commemorated each January 17th. Visitors can enjoy Revolutionary War Weekend activities during the first weekend in October. The park is also available for nature trail walks, jogging, picnics, bike riding and bird watching.
Kings Mountain National Military Park
2625 Park Road
Blacksburg, South Carolina
The Battle of Kings Mountain changed the course of the Revolutionary War: Visitors can view a film about the battle, and explore the museum and gift shop. The 1.5 mile battlefield trail affords perspectives from both sides of the battlefront and leads travelers to the Kings Mountain monument, firing demonstrations, lantern light tours, Junior Ranger Days, and battle anniversary activities on October 7th. The park offers picnic areas, hiking trails, equestrian trails and bird watching opportunities.
Overmountain Victory National Historic Trail
2635 Park Road
Blacksburg, South Carolina
This 330 miles commemorative route honors the hundreds of Patriot fighters who traveled across the Appalachian Mountains to engage and defeat Major Patrick Ferguson and his Loyalist forces at Kings Mountain. A portion of the motorized route passes through downtown Gaffney. Each year, in early October, members of the Overmountain Victory Trail Association (OVTA) and other participants hold a memorial march along the historic trail, stopping in Gaffney on their way to the battlefield.
Other Rev War Sites
Col. James Williams Grave Site
210 N. Limestone Street
Gaffney, South Carolina
Col. James Williams led a detachment of Patriots in the Battle of Kings Mountain. He was the highest ranking Patriot office killed in that battle. Initially in a shallow grave near the battlefield, Williams’ remains were later interred in the City of Gaffney, on property adjacent to the Overmountain Victory Trail. A historic marker at the site pays tribute to his valor and contribution to the fight for independence.
Limestone Springs Memorial
Gaffney, South Carolina
Three British soldiers, who were wounded in the Battle of Cowpens in 1781, were brought to Limestone Springs for care. These unknown soldiers perished and were buried in unmarked graves. A memorial, which includes a marker and fountain, is now located at their gravesites in Limestone Springs on the Limestone University campus. This is the only known final resting place of any of the fallen from the Battle of Cowpens.
Fort Thicketty
Gaffney, South Carolina
Originally built as a refuge from local American Indians, this cabin in what is now rural Cherokee County became the point from which Tories would launch raids on local farms in the area during the American Revolution. These Tory raiding parties would pillage the area and then return to the well-fortified structure. Surrounded by an abatis and stockade, the men would have to crawl through a narrow opening to get in and out.
By 1780, the Fort was occupied by ninety-three Tory troops under the command of Captain Patrick Moore and one British Sergeant Major. As word of their actions against local women and children spread, six-hundred men under the command of Colonels Shelby, Clarke, and Hampton forced the surrender of ninety-three Loyalist soldiers, a British sergeant-major, and two hundred fifty weapons.
In 2014 the Cherokee Historical & Preservation Society, Inc. purchased the Fort Thicketty site, which includes the original cabin. Altered through the years for various agricultural purposes, the hand-hewn heart pine logs have survived. The site is currently undergoing stabilization which will be followed by archaeological investigation and restoration for historic interpretation.Property Attributes
- MLS#21015272
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyBRAZOS
- CityBryan
- Zip77808
- StyleFarmhouse
- Price$ 500,000
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1470
- Lot Size10 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Coleman & Patterson
Data Source:
Bryan-College Station Regional MLS (B-CSMLS) - 72 - TX
Property Description
10 +/- wooded acres with a welcoming country home in Bryan, TX. Come home to the views of pure serenity. The property is partially fenced with a large pond and loafing shed. This precious home is 1,470 SQFT, 3 Bed/2 Full Baths. The open kitchen/living combo is spacious with tons of counter space and lots of cabinets for storage. The livingroom has tall ceilings and large windows that invite the natural sunlight. There is a wood burning fireplace in the corner of the living area. Large laundry room! The wrap around porches make the evenings great for watching the wildlife that surrounds the property. This property is a MUST SEE.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolASA KI WAR[1]
ASA KI WAR[1]
THERE is but one God whose name is true, the Creator, devoid of fear and enmity, immortal, unborn, self-existent, great and beneficent.
GURU HAR GOBIND
This War includes sloks. The sloks also were written by the first Guru, and should be sung to the air of ‘Tunda As Raja’.[2]
SLOK
Guru Nanak
I am a sacrifice to my Guru a hundred times a day,
Who without any delay made demigods out of men..
[1. The word Wâr originally meant a dirge for the brave slain in battle, then it meant any song of praise, and in this collection it means God’s praises generally. Wârs were composed in stanzas called pauris, literally ladders, which were sung or chanted by professional minstrels.
The Âsa ki Wâr is repeated by religious Sikhs after the Japji as a morning divine service.
2 As, son of Chitrbîr, was a holy prince against whom a false charge had been preferred by his lascivious stepmother, which led to his hands and feet being cut off as punishment. One of the many Oriental versions of the story of Potiphar’s wife.]
{p. 219}
They shall be left in the field, saith Nanak, without an owner:
The wretches may even bear fruit and flower, but they shall be as ashes within their bodies.
PAURI I[1]
God Himself created the world and Himself gave names to things.
He made Maya[2] by His power: seated He beheld His work with delight.
O Creator, Thou art the Giver; being pleased Thou bestowest and practisest kindness.
Thou knowest all things; Thou givest and takest life with a word.[3]
Seated Thou didst behold Thy work with delight.
SLOK II
Guru Nanak
True are Thy regions and true Thy universes,
True Thy worlds and true Thy creation
True Thine acts and all Thy thoughts;
True Thine order and true Thy court;
True Thy command and true Thy behest
True Thy favour and true Thy signs.
Hundreds of thousands and millions declare Thee true
True is all Thy power, true all Thy strength
True Thy praises, true Thy eulogies
True Thy might, O true King.
Nanak, true are they who meditate on the True One.
They who are born and die are the falsest of the false.[4]
[1. The pauris in this collection are all by Guru Nanak, so in the original his name is omitted at their head.
2. In Sanskrit literature, Mâya is styled anâdi, without a beginning, hence uncreated, but this is not the doctrine of the Gurus. To believe that God did not create Mâya would be to believe in a limitation of His power.
3. Also translated–Thou givest and takest life from the body.
4. Koch is here used as the correlative of sach, true.]
{p. 220}
Guru Nanak[1]
Great is His glory whose name is great;
Great is His glory whose justice is true;
Great is His glory whose seat is immovable;
Great is His glory who understandeth our utterances;
Great is His greatness who knoweth all our feelings;
Great is His glory who giveth without consulting others;
Great is His glory who is all in all Himself.
Nanak, His acts cannot be described.
All that He did and hath to do dependeth on His own will.
Guru Angad
This world is the True One’s chamber; the True One’s dwelling is therein.
Some by His order He absorbeth in Himself; others by His order He destroyeth.[2]
Some at His pleasure He withdraweth from mammon; others He causeth to abide therein.
It cannot be even told whom He will regenerate.
Nanak, he to whom God revealeth Himself, is known as holy.
PAURI II
Nanak, God having created animals recorded their names, and appointed Dharmraj to judge their acts.
At His own court the real truth is adjudged; He separateth and removeth those who are attached to mammon.
There the false find no place: they go to hell with blackened faces.
They who are imbued with Thy name win; the deceivers lose.
God recorded names and appointed Dharmraj to record acts.
[1. In the original, Mahala I. It is so written to mark the distinction between the preceding verses, which are sloks, and the following verses, which are in a different measure.
2. By separating from Himself.]
{p. 221}
SLOK III
Guru Nanak
Wonderful Thy word, wonderful Thy knowledge;
Wonderful Thy creatures, wonderful their species;
Wonderful their forms, wonderful their colours
Wonderful the animals which wander naked;
Wonderful Thy wind; wonderful Thy water;
Wonderful Thy fire which sporteth wondrously;
Wonderful the earth, wonderful the sources of production
Wonderful the pleasures to which mortals are attached
Wonderful is meeting, wonderful parting from Thee;
Wonderful is hunger, wonderful repletion;
Wonderful Thy praises, wonderful Thy eulogies;
Wonderful the desert, wonderful the road;
Wonderful Thy nearness, wonderful Thy remoteness
Wonderful to behold Thee present.
Beholding these wonderful things I remain wondering.
Nanak, they who understand them are supremely fortunate.
Guru Nanak
By Thy power we see, by Thy power we hear, by Thy power we fear, or enjoy the highest happiness;
By Thy power were made the nether regions and the heavens; by Thy power all creation;
By Thy power were produced the Veds, the Purans, the Muhammadan books, and by Thy power all compositions;
By Thy power we eat, drink, and clothe ourselves; by Thy power springeth all affection;
By Thy power are the species, genera, and colours of creatures; by Thy power are the animals of the world.[1]
By Thy power are virtues; by Thy power are vices: by Thy power, honour and dishonour;[2]
[1. Also translated–By Thy power was created animate and inanimate nature.
2. Mân abhmân. The latter word is for apmân, as so often in the Granth Sahib. Compare mân abhimân madhê so sewak nâhîn, He
who hath regard for honour or dishonour is not a holy man.]
{p. 222}
By Thy power are wind, water, and fire; by Thy power is the earth.
Everything existeth by Thy power; Thou art the omnipotent Creator; Thy name is the holiest of the holy.
Saith Nanak, Thou beholdest and pervadest all things subject to Thy command: Thou art altogether unrivalled.
PAURI III
Man having enjoyed himself becometh ashes, and the soul passeth away.
However great and wealthy a man may be, the ministers of Death throw a chain on his neck and take him away.
There an account of his acts is read; the Judge on his seat taketh the account and passeth sentence.
Such a man shall find no place of shelter; when he is beaten, who will hear his cries?
Man, blind that thou art, thou hast wasted thy life.
SLOK IV
Guru Nanak
In fear[1] the winds and breezes ever blow
In fear flow hundreds of thousands of rivers
In fear fire performeth its forced labour;
In fear the earth is pressed by its burden
In fear Indar moveth headlong: in fear sitteth Dharmraj at God’s gate;
In fear is the sun, in fear the moon; they travel millions of miles without end;
in fear are the Sidhs, the Budhas, the demigods, and the Naths; in fear are the stars[2] and the firmament;
In fear are wrestlers, very mighty men and divine heroes;
In fear cargoes of men come and go.
God hath destined fear for every one;[3] Nanak, the Formless One, the True, is alone without fear.
[1. The fear of God is, of course, meant.
2. Adânê, from the Sanskrit ûdûgan. The phrase is also translated–In fear is the firmament extended.
3. Literally–God hath written the destiny of fear on tile heads of all.]
{p. 223}
Guru Nanak
Nanak, the Formless One is without fear; all the Rams were dust.
How many stories there are of Krishan! how many Veds and religious compositions![1]
How many beggars dance, and fall, and again beat time!
Actors enter the market-place and draw forth their appliances;[2]
Kings and queens sing and utter nonsense;[3]
They wear earrings worth hundreds of thousands, and necklaces worth hundreds of thousands.[4]
The body on which they are worn, O Nanak, shall become ashes.
Divine knowledge is not sought in mere words; to speak concerning it were as hard as iron;
By God’s grace man obtaineth it; skill and orders are useless therefor.
PAURI IV
If the Kind One look with kindness, then is the true Guru obtained.
The soul hath wandered through many births, and now the true Guru hath communicated the Word.
There is no benefactor so great as the true Guru; hear this, all ye people.
By meeting the true Guru who hath removed pride from his heart, and who preacheth the Truest of the true,
The True One is obtained.
SLOK V
Let all the gharis be your milkmaids, and the pahars your Krishans and Gopals[5]:
Let wind, water, and fire be your jewels; and the moon and sun your avatars;
[1. Also translated–How many expound the Veds!
2. Also translated–draw a crowd around them. This hymn purports to give a brief description of the miracle-plays of Ram and Krishan.
3. Literally–speak of the upper and lower regions.
4. Lâkh takiân. Takâ is really a double pice, or about a halfpenny of English money, but in the plural it means money in general.
5. Gopâls are herdsmen among whom Krishan used to sport.]
{p. 224}
The whole earth your stage properties and vessels, which are all entanglements.
Nanak, they who are devoid of divine knowledge are robbed; the minister of death hath devoured them.
Guru Nanak
The disciples play, the gurus dance,
Shake their feet, and roll their heads.
Dust flieth and falleth on their hair;[1]
The audience behold[2] is the night for those who long for Him in their hearts.
By the Guru’s instruction to his disciples this knowledge is obtained,
That the Kind One saveth those on whom He looketh with favour.
Oil-presses, spinning-wheels, hand-mills, potters’ wheels,
Plates, whirlwinds, many and endless,
Tops, churning-staves, threshing-frames turn round
Birds tumble and take no breath.
Men put animals on stakes and whirl them.
O Nanak, the tumblers are innumerable and endless.
In the same way those bound in entanglements are swung round;
Every one danceth according to his own acts–
They who dance and laugh shall weep on their departure;
[1. Jhâlâ is a woman’s head of hair. The actors, who in India are generally all men, wear female wigs.
2. Bhini. Literally–dewy; when the atmosphere is calm and the heat not excessive.]
{p. 225}
They cannot fly or obtain supernatural power.
Leaping and dancing are human recreations,
Nanak, they who have the fear of God in their hearts have also love.
PAURI V
Thy name is the Formless: by repeating it man goeth not to hell.
The soul and body are all Thine: what Thou givest man eateth: to say aught else were waste of words.
O man, if thou desire thine advantage, do good acts and be lowly.
Even though thou stave off old age, it shall come to thee in the disguise of death.
None may remain when his measure is full.
SLOK VI
The Musalmans praise the Shariat, read it, and reflect on it;
But God’s servants are they who employ themselves in His service in order to behold Him.
The Hindus praise the Praised One whose appearance and form are incomparable;
They bathe in holy streams, perform idol-worship and adoration, use[1] copious incense of sandal.
The Jogis meditate on God the Creator, whom they call the Unseen,
Whose form is minute, whose name is the Bright One, and who is the image of their bodies.[2]
In the minds of the generous contentment is produced in their desire to give.
Others give, but ask a thousandfold more, and still meant the world to honour them.
Why mention thieves, adulterers, perjurers, evil and sinful men?
[1. Some suppose kâr to be a noun meaning the lines Hindus draw on the ground to enclose cooking-places, within which others are not
admitted.
2. The Jogis, when in intensely deep meditation, close their eves. On opening them and looking upward they suppose that they behold God in their own image in the firmament.]
{p. 226}
Many depart from here after eating what they had amassed in previous births;[1] shall they have any business whatever in the next world?[2]
The animals which live in the water, dry land, the fourteen worlds, and all creation–
What they say Thou alone knowest; for them too Thou carest.
Saith Nanak, the saints hunger to praise Thee; the true Name is their support.
In everlasting joy they abide day and night: may I obtain the dust of the feet of such virtuous men!
Guru Nanak and Shaikh Brahm discussed the question of the disposal of the dead. The Shaik maintained that a man who was burned would either go to hell or not rise at the day of judgement.
Guru Nanak
The ashes of the Musalman fall into the potter’s clod;
Vessels and bricks are fashioned from them; they cry out as they burn.
The poor ashes burn and weep, and sparks fly from them.
Nanak, the Creator who made the world, knoweth whether it is better to be burned or buried.
PAURI VI
Without the true Guru none hath found God: without the true Guru none hath found God.
God hath put Himself into the true Guru; He hath made manifest and proclaimed this.
Salvation is ever obtained by meeting the true Guru who hath banished worldly love from within him.
Best are the meditations of him who hath fixed his mind on the True One:
He hath found the Giver of life to the world.
[1. And have done nothing meritorious in this birth.
2. This verse is also translated–Many depart from here after spending what they possessed; had they any other business in this world?]
{p. 227}
SLOK VII
In pride man cometh, in pride he departeth;
In pride is man born, in pride he dieth
In pride he giveth, in pride he taketh;
In pride he earneth, in pride he spendeth;
In pride man becometh true or false;
In pride man meditateth evil or good;
In pride he goeth to hell or heaven;
In pride he rejoiceth, in pride he mourneth;
In pride he becometh filthy, in pride he is cleansed;
In pride man loseth his caste and race;
In pride are the ignorant, in pride the clever;
In pride one knoweth not the value of deliverance or salvation;
In pride is mammon and in pride its effect on the heart;
In pride are animals created.
When pride is removed, God’s gate is seen.
Without divine knowledge man worrieth himself by talking.
Nanak, the Commander hath thus ordained it
As man regardeth God, so God regardeth him.[1]
Guru Angad
It is the nature of pride that it produceth pride.
This pride is a trammel which subjecteth man to repeated transmigration.
What is the origin of pride, and by what device shall it depart?
For pride it is ordained that, man wander according to his previous acts.
Pride is a chronic disease, but there is also a medicine for it in the heart.
If God bestow His grace, man shall avail himself of the Guru’s instruction;
Saith Nanak, hear, O ye men, in this way trouble shall depart.
[1. Also translated–
(a) Treat men according to their acts.
(b) Treat others as thou wouldst be treated thyself.
]
{p. 228}
PAURI VII
They who have meditated on God as the truest of the true, have done real worship and are contented;
They have refrained from evil,[1] done good deeds, and practised honesty;
They have lived on a little corn and water, and burst the entanglements of the world.
Thou art the great Bestower; ever Thou givest gifts which increase a quarterfold.
They who have magnified the great God have found Him.
SLOK VIII
Men, trees, the banks of sacred streams, clouds, fields,
Islands, peoples, countries, continents, the universe,
The sources of production from eggs, wombs, the earth, and perspiration,
Lakes, mountains, animals–O Nanak, God knoweth their mark? what a sacrificial thread?
Guru Nanak
Man may perform hundreds of thousands of good acts and deeds, hundreds of thousands of approved charities,
Hundreds of thousands of penances at sacred places, sahaj jog[2] in the wilderness,
[1. Literally-Have not put their feet into evil.
2. There are two forms of Jog or exercise for the union of the soul with God. Sahaj jog or râj jog is the repetition of God’s name with fixed attention and association with the holy, as contradistinguished from the hath jog of Patanjali, the severest and most painful form of a Jogi’s austerities.]
{p. 229}
Hundreds of thousands of braveries, and part with his life in the conflict of battle;
He may study hundreds of thousands of Veds and works of divine knowledge and meditation, and read the Purans–
Nanak, these devices would be of no avail; true is the mark of grace.
The Creator who made the world hath decreed transmigration.
PAURI VIII
Thou alone art the true Lord who hath diffused the real truth.
He to whom Thou givest obtaineth truth, and he then practiseth it.
Man obtaineth truth on meeting the true Guru in whose heart the truth dwelleth.
The fool knoweth not truth, and hath wasted his life by obstinacy;
Why hath he come into the world?
SLOK IX
Guru Nanak
A man may load carts with books; he may load men with books to take with him;
Books may be put on boats; pits may be filled with them.
A man may read books for months; he may read them for years;
He may read them for life; he may read them while he hath breath-
Nanak, only one word, God’s name, would be of account; all else would be the senseless discussion of pride.
Guru Nanak
The more one readeth and writeth, the more is one tormented;
The more one wandereth on pilgrimages, the more one babbleth;
The more religious garbs man weareth, the more discomfort he causeth his body.
{p. 230}
Bear, O my soul, the result of thine own acts.
He who eateth not corn[1] hath lost the relish of life.
Men suffer much pain through their attachment to mammon.
They who wear not clothes suffer terribly day and night.
Man ruineth himself by perpetual silence; how can he who sleepeth in ignorance be awakened without a guru.
Even though man go barefooted, he must still suffer for his own acts.[2]
If a man eat filth, and put ashes on his head,
The blind fool loseth respect; without the Name he obtaineth no abiding place.
The ignorant man who dwelleth in the wilderness and at burial and cremation-grounds, knoweth not God and shall afterwards regret.
He who meeteth the true Guru and fixeth God’s name in his heart, obtaineth comfort.
Nanak, he on whom God looketh with favour obtaineth Him.
He becometh free from hopes and fears, and destroyeth his pride by means of the Word.
PAURI IX
The saints, O Lord, please Thy heart, adorn Thy gate, and hymn Thy praises.
Nanak, they who are outside Thy favour, find no entrance and wander in many births.
Some know not their origin, and have an excessive opinion of themselves.
I am a singer of low caste; others call themselves of high caste.
I only beg of those who meditate on Thee.[3]
[1 Several faqîrs do not eat corn, some go naked, some practise perpetual silence, some go barefooted, some eat filth, &c.
2 The gyanis generally translate–If a man go barefooted, he is merely suffering for his folly.
3. Also translated–I beg for a sight of those who meditate on Thee.]
{p. 231}
SLOK X
Guru Nanak
False are kings, false their subjects, false the whole world
False are mansions, false palaces, false those who dwell therein;
False is gold; false silver; false he who weareth them
False the body; false raiment; false peerless beauty;
False husbands; false wives; they waste.
Guru Nanak
Man is known as true when truth is in his heart
When the filth of falsehood departeth, man washeth his body clean.
Man is known as true when he beareth love to the True One;
When the mind is enraptured on hearing the Name, man attaineth the door of salvation.
Man shall be known as true when he knoweth the true way;
Having prepared the field of the body, put into it the seed of the Creator.
Man shall be known as true when he receiveth true instruction;
Let man show mercy to living things and perform some works of charity.
Man shall be known as true, when he dwelleth in the pilgrimage of his heart:
{p. 232}
Let man after inquiry from the true Guru rest and abide in his own heart;
Truth is the medicine for all; it removeth and washeth away sin.
Nanak maketh supplication to those who are in possession of truth.
PAURI X
Be mine the gift of the dust of the saints’ feet: if I obtain it, I shall apply it to my forehead.
Forsake false covetousness; concentrate thy mind and meditate on the Unseen One.
Thou shalt obtain a reward in proportion to what thou hast done.
If it have been so allotted from the beginning, man shall obtain the dust of the saints’ feet.
Ruin not thyself with scant service.
SLOK XI
Guru Nanak
There is a dearth of truth; falsehood prevaileth; the blackness of this age maketh men demons.
They who have sown the seed of the Name have departed with honour; how can half-seed germinate?
If the seed be whole, it will germinate in the proper season.
Nanak, unbleached cloth cannot be dyed without a base.
If the body be put into the vat of fear, modesty be made its base,
And it be dyed with devotion, O Nanak, there will not be a trace of falsehood in it.
Guru Nanak.
Greed and sin are ruler and village accountant; falsehood is master of the mint.
Lust, his minister, summoneth and examineth men, and sitteth in judgement on them.
The subjects are blind and without divine knowledge, and satisfy the judge’s greed with bribes.
{p. 233}
Priests dance, play musical instruments, disguise, and decorate themselves;
They shout aloud, sing of battles, and heroes’ praises.
Fools call themselves pandits and with tricks and cavilling love to amass wealth.
Pretended religious men spoil their religious acts, and yet want the door of salvation;
They call themselves continent, and leave their houses and homes, yet they know not the way.
Every one is perfect to himself: no one admitteth himself wanting.
If the weight of honour be put into the scale, then, Nanak, man shall appear properly weighed.
Guru Nanak
Man’s evil becometh known, O Nanak; the True One seeth all.
Every one maketh endeavours, but it is only what the Creator doeth that taketh place.
Caste hath no power in the next world: there is a new order of beings.
They whose accounts are honoured are the good.
PAURI XI
They whom Thou didst so destine from the beginning meditate on Thee, O Lord.
There is nothing in the power of creatures; O God, it is Thou who hast created the different worlds.
Some Thou blendest with Thyself; others Thou leadest astray from Thee.
I Thou art known by the favour of the Guru, through whom Thou revealest Thyself.
They who know Thee are easily absorbed in the True One.
SLOK XII
Guru Nanak
Pain is medicine, worldly pleasure a disease; where there is such pleasure, there is no desire for God.
Thou art the Doer, I do nothing; if I try to do anything, it cometh to nothing.
{p. 234}
I am a sacrifice unto Thee; Thou abidest in Thine omnipotence:
Thine end cannot be seen.
Thy light pervadeth creatures; creatures are contained in Thy light; Thou fillest inanimate and animate creation.[1]
Thou art the true Lord; beautiful is Thy praise; he who uttereth it is saved.
Nanak uttereth the words of the Creator; what is to be done God continueth to do..[2].
Guru Nanak
Water remaineth if confined in a vessel; but it cannot remain without a vessel.
The mind controlled by divine knowledge is restrained; but without a guru there can be no divine knowledge.
[1. Also translated–Thy power (kala) is inconceivable (a, not, and kalna, to know).
2 Also translated–
The Jogis speak of divine knowledge, the Brahmans of the Veds;
The Khatris of bravery, the Sûdars of working for others.
All that they speak is concerning the one God.
]
{p. 235}
PAURI XII
When the literate man is sinful he deserveth Punishment; but punish not the illiterate saint.
As man acteth so shall he be described.
Play not such a game as shall bring thee defeat on arriving at God’s court.
The literate and the illiterate shall be judged hereafter The headstrong shall be punished in the next world.
SLOK XIII
Guru Nanak
Nanak, this body of ours[1] hath one carriage and one driver.
They are both changed in every age: the holy man knoweth this.
In the Sat age contentment was the carriage, piety the driver in front;
In the Treta age continence was the carriage, strength the driver in front;
In the Dwapar age penance was the carriage, truth the driver in front;
In the Kal age passion[2] is the carriage, falsehood the driver in front.
Guru Nanak
The Sam Ved saith that the Lord is white-robed,[3] that men desired truth, abode in truth, and that all were absorbed in truth.
The Rig saith that God’s name is everywhere contained, that it is as the sun in heaven;
That by repeating it sins depart,
[1. Meru is the large bead in which the two ends of a rosary are joined, without which it is believed that prayers repeated on the rosary are of no avail. Mer sharîr here means man’s body, which is superior to that of other animals.
2. Agan. Literally–fire. This word is often used for wrath, but Guru Nanak has more often inveighed against avarice or covetousness than against wrath, and perhaps it is the former that is taken as a special attribute of this degenerate age.
3. Setambar. The Hans or Swan avatar.]
{p. 236}
And that then, Nanak, man obtaineth salvation.
The Yajur stateth that Kan Krishan, who was a Yadav, seduced Chandrawal;
That he brought the tree of life for a milkmaid, and amused himself in Bindraban.
The Atharv belongeth to the Kal age, when God’s name was called Allah.
Men then wore blue clothes, and the Turks and Pathans exercised sway.
The four Veds are true according to the Hindus; but if they are read and studied there are found therein four different doctrines;
When man hath love and devotion and is himself lowly, it is then, O Nanak, he obtaineth salvation.
PAURI XIII
I am a sacrifice to the true Guru by meeting whom the Lord is remembered,
Who gave me the salve of divine instruction; with these eyes I then beheld God in the world.
The dealers who leave the Lord and attach themselves to mammon are wrecked.
The true Guru is a boat; few there are who consider this, And those who do he mercifully saveth.
SLOK XIV
Guru Nanak
The simmal-tree of the desert is very tall and very thick.
Why should the birds which go to it with hopes depart disappointed?
Because its fruit is insipid, its flowers unwholesome, and its leaves useless.
The tree which yieldeth sweet fruit is lowly, O Nanak,
but its qualities and virtues are exquisite.
Every one boweth to himself; no one boweth to another.
If anything be put into a scale and weighed, the side which descendeth is the heavier.[1]
[1. The man who is lowly is the most worthy.]
{p. 237}
The wicked man like a deer-stalker boweth twice more than any one else;
But what availeth bowing the head, if the heart be impure?
The following hymn was composed by Guru Nanak at Banaras on the occasion of a discussion with the local pandits who pressed him to dress in
the style of the Hindus:–
Guru Nanak
You read books, perform your twilight devotions, argue, worship stones, and sit like cranes;
You utter falsehoods as excellent jewels; you meditate on the Gayatri[1] three times a day;
You wear necklaces, put sacrificial marks on your foreheads, carry two dhotis, and put towels on your heads.
If you knew God’s designs, you would know that yours is verily a vain religion.
Saith Nanak, verily reflect that without the true Guru you shall not find the way.
Some suppose that the following was addressed to Sultan Ibrahim Khan Lodi who it is believed at one
time sought to persecute the Guru:–
PAURI XIV
Raiment and pleasing beauty man must leave on earth and depart.
Man shall obtain the fruit of the bad or good deeds he hath done:
He may have exercised sovereignty to his heart’s content, yet must he proceed by the narrow road.
He shall be sent naked to hell, which will then appear very formidable to him;
And he shall regret the sins he committed.
The following slok, addressed by Guru Nanak to pandit Hardial, his family priest, when he came to invest him with a janeu, the sacrificial thread of the upper classes of Hindus, has already been given:–
[1. Traipâl is understood to be for tripada, the gâyatri or spell of the Hindus.]
{p. 238}
SLOK XV.
Thou purchasest a janeu for four damris, and seated in a square puttest it on;
Thou whisperest instruction that the Brahman is the guru of the Hindus–
Man dieth, the janeu falleth, and the soul departeth with out it.
Guru Nanak
Though men commit countless thefts, countless adulteries, litter ‘Put on the janeu ‘.
When it becometh old, it is thrown away and another is put on.
Nanak, the string breaketh not if it be strong.
Guru Nanak
By adoring and praising. the Name honour and a true thread are obtained.
In this way a sacred thread shall be put on, which will not break, and which will be fit for entrance into God’s court.
Guru Nanak
There is no string for the sexual organs, there is no string for women;
There is no string for the impure acts which cause your beards to be daily spat upon.
There is no string for the feet, there is no string for the hands,
{p. 239}.[1]
Hear and see, ye people, it is strange
That, while mentally blind, man is named wise.
PAURI XV.
A man at Lahore presented a cow to a Brahman. The Brahman took her with him, but had not wherewithal to pay toll at the Sultanpur ferry. He was stopped by the Khatri toll-keeper. The latter collected the cow’s dung, and at once set about plastering his cooking-place therewith. Mardana went towards him, but was ordered off, lest he should defile the toll-keeper’s cooking-place. Upon this Guru Nanak uttered the following:–
SLOK XVI
Thou takest toll for a cow and a Brahman, the cow-dung will not save thee.
Thou wearest a dhoti[2] and a frontal mark, and carriest a rosary, yet thou eatest the bread of malechhas.
[1. That is, he draws a horoscope.
2. Dhoti is a cloth tied round the loins, the Latin subligaculum.]
{p. 240}
Thou performest the Hindu worship at home, thou readest the Quran in public, and associatest with Muhammadans,[1] O my brother.
Lay aside hypocrisy, repeat God’s name, and thou shalt be saved.
Guru Nanak
They who have strings on their necks eat men, recite the Muhammadan prayers,
And use knives to cut men’s throats.[2]
Although the Brahmans sound shells in their houses,
And enjoy their viands as they do themselves;[3]
Yet false is their capital and false their dealings.
By uttering falsehood they maintain themselves.
Far from them is the abode of bashfulness and honesty: Nanak, falsehood everywhere prevaileth.
On their foreheads are sacrificial marks; on their waists reddish[4] dhotis;
And in their hands knives; they are the world’s butchers.
Putting on blue clothes, they are acceptable in the Muhammadans’ court,
And, while taking bread from the malechhas, worship the Purans.
They eat he-goats killed with unspeakable words,[5]
And allow no one to enter their cooking squares.
Having smeared a space they draw lines around it,
And sit within, false that they are,
Saying, ‘Touch not! O touch not!
‘Or this food of ours will be defiled.’
But their bodies are defiled; what they do is defiled;
[1. Also translated–Thou actest like Muhammadans.
2. Also translated–They who read prayers devour men, and they who wear strings on their necks ply knives.
3 According to the holy books of the Hindus, Brahmans should not eat in the houses of men who recite Muhammadan prayers.
4. Kâkhâi, reddish, or partially soiled from frequent washing The w word is also applied to the tucking in of a dhoti in a particular way.
15 The Muhammadan expression Bismillâh (in the name of God), used when slaughtering animals as well as on other occasions. It is, of course, unacceptable to Hindus.]
{p. 241}
Their hearts are false while they perform ablutions after their meals.
Saith Nanak, meditate on the True One;
If thou art pure, thou shalt obtain Him.
PAURI XVI
All are within Thy ken, O Lord; Thou seest all, and Thou movest them beneath Thy glance.
God himself bestoweth greatness; He Himself causeth men to do good works.
He is the greatest of the great; great is His world; He appointeth all men to their respective duties.
If He cast a backward glance, He maketh monarchs as grass;[1]
They may beg from door to door and receive no alms.
Guru Nanak composed the following slok on being invited by a dishonest shopkeeper to attend a shradh, or religious service, for his deceased father:–
SLOK XVII
If a robber break a house and sacrifice the fruits of that robbery to his ancestors,
The sacrifice shall be known in the next world, and make out the ancestors to be thieves.
The hand of the Brahman go-between shall be cut off; thus will God do justice.
Nanak, it is only the fruit of what man giveth from his earnings and toil that shall be obtained in the next world.
Guru Nanak:
As a woman hath her recurring courses, so falsehood dwelleth in the mouth of the false one, and he is ever despised.
He should not be called pure who sitteth and washeth his body;
Rather is he pure, Nanak, in whose heart God dwelleth.
[1. Ghâh. Generally translated ‘grass-cutters’ by the gyânis: a third interpretation too is current. In former times men of position appeared before conquerors with grass in their mouths, implying that they were the conquerors’ cows whose lives should be saved. Accordingly, the phrase is also translated–and He would cause kings to put grass in their mouths.]
{p. 242}
PAURI XVII
Caparisoned horses fleet as the wind and women adorned with every aid to beauty[1]–
Men fix their hearts on them, dwell in mansions, pavilions and palaces, and make display;
They enjoy pleasures to their hearts’ content; but they know not God and therefore fail.
They live by their authority, and, beholding their women’s chambers, forget death;
But old age shall come and youth fail them.
A rich man gave a feast to which Guru Nanak and several Brahmans were invited. During the feast a child was born in the house, whereupon the Brahmans refused food and. departed, deeming the house impure. Guru Nanak remonstrated with the following:–
SLOK XVIII
If the idea of impurity be admitted, there is impurity in everything.
There are worms in cow-dung[2].[3]
Guru Nanak
Impurity of the heart is greed, impurity of the tongue is falsehood;
Impurity of the eyes is gazing on another’s wealth, his wife, and her beauty;
Impurity of the ears is listening to slander.
[1. Har rangi. Literally–with every colour.
2. In India cow-dung, besides being used for religious purposes, is ordinarily used as fuel by poor people.
3. In the current Janamsâkhis it is stated that this slok was composed on the proposed purification of the Guru’s house after the birth of his son, Sri Chand.]
{p. 243}
Nanak, even the pretended saint who practiseth such things, shall go bound to hell.
All impurity consisteth in Superstition and attachment to worldly things.
Birth and death are ordained; as it pleaseth God, we come and go.
The eating and drinking which God sent as sustenance are pure.
Nanak, the Pious persons who know God have no impurity,
PAURI XVIII
Magnify and praise the True Guru in whom there is all greatness.
If the Guru cause us to meet God, we shall behold His greatness.
If it please the Guru, he will cause God’s praises to dwell in the heart.
He putteth his hand on our foreheads; and when he giveth the order, removeth evil from within us.
When God is pleased the nine treasures are obtained.
SLOK XIX
The Brahman having first purified himself sitteth in a purified square.
The purified food is placed before him; no one may touch it.
Being thus purified, he beginneth to eat and read Sanskrit verses.
If it is thrown into a filthy place; whose fault is that?
The corn was holy, the water was holy, the fire and salt
were holy; when the fifth ingredient, ghi,[1] was added,
Then the food became holy.
When the food entereth a sinful body, it becometh impure as if spat upon.
The mouth which uttereth not the Name, and eateth even delicacies without the Name,
Consider, O Nanak, as if spat upon.
[1. Clarified butter, always deemed pure by Hindus and kindred sects.]
{p. 244}
The following was Guru Nanak’s remonstrance to a man who reviled the female sex:–
Guru Nanak
In a vessel[1] man is conceived, from a vessel he is born, with a vessel he is betrothed and married.
With a vessel he contracteth friendship; with a vessel he goeth through the world.
When one vessel dieth, another is sought for; to a vessel he is bound.
Why call her bad from whom are born kings?
From a vessel a vessel is born; none may exist without a vessel.
Nanak, only the one True God is independent of a vessel.
The mouth which ever praiseth Him[2] is fortunate and beautiful.
Nanak, that face shall be bright in the court of the True One.
PAURI XIX
Every one calleth Thee his own, O Lord; those who do not so call Thee Thou puttest away.
Every one must bear the result of his own acts, and adjust his own account.
Since ye are not to remain in this world, why practise ye pride?
Call no one bad; know this by reading these words.
Dispute not with a fool.
SLOK XX
Nanak, the mind and body of him who talketh evil are evil:
He is most evil, and most evil is his reputation.
The evil person is rejected in God’s court; his face is spat upon.
The evil person is a fool, and receiveth shoe-beatings as punishment.
[1. Woman is meant.’ The Greeks sometimes used the word {Greek skeu^os} in the same sense.
2. Some suppose that woman is the missing word here, as the preceding part of the slok is a defence of women, not a eulogy of God.]
{p. 245}
Guru Nanak
If a man, foul within and fair without, Puff himself up in the world,
His filth will not depart even though he bathe at the sixty-eight places of pilgrimage.
They who wear silk within and rags without, are good in this world.
They have conceived love for God and contemplate beholding Him.
In God’s love they weep, in God’s love they laugh, or are even silent.
They care not for anything except the true Master.
They beg for food at God’s door, and only eat when He giveth it to them.
For them there is but one court as there is but one pen;[1] we and you shall meet for justice.
The accounts of the wicked shall be examined in God’s court, and they shall be pressed, O Nanak, like oil in a mill.[2]
PAURI XX
Thou Thyself didst create the world, and Thou Thyself didst infuse power into it.
Thou beholdest Thine own work, the losing and winning dice[3] upon earth.
Whatever hath come shall depart; his turn shall come to every one.
Why forget that Lord who owneth life and soul
With thine own hands arrange thine own affairs.
[1. That is, there is no mediator between God and man. It is God Himself who decides man’s fate.
2 This with half the last line is also translated-They who confound meum and tuum shall have their accounts examined in God’s court, and shall be pressed, O Nanak, like oil in a mill.
3 That is, the sinners and the virtuous. The game of chausar or chaupar is played with sixteen pieces, called sâris, and three dice, called pâsâ. The sâris while being moved round the board, like creatures in transmigration, are called kachi, unripe: when they reach their goal, they are called pakki, or ripe.]
{p. 246}
SLOK XXI
Guru Angad
What love is that which attacheth itself to worldly things?
Nanak, call him a lover who is ever absorbed in God.
He who deemeth what is good good, and what is bad bad,
Shall not be called a true lover if he proceed in this manner.[1]
Guru Angad
He who offereth salutation and at the same time criticizeth God’s works, hath made a mistake from the beginning.
Both his salutation and criticism are in vain; Nanak, such a person shall not obtain a place in God’s court.
PAURI XXI
Ever remember that Lord by worshipping whom thou shalt find happiness.
Why hast thou done such evil deeds as thou shalt suffer for?
Do absolutely nothing evil, look well before thee;
So throw the dice that thou mayest not lose with the Lord,
Nay, that thou mayest gain some profit.
SLOK XXII
Guru Angad
When a servant while performing service is proud and quarrelsome besides,
And talketh too much, he pleaseth not his master.
If he efface himself and perform service, he shall obtain some honour.
Nanak, he who longeth for God shall meet Him, and his longing shall be acceptable.
[1. He shall not be called a lover, if he rail at God in adversity. This idea often occurs in Oriental poetry.]
{p. 247}
Guru Angad
What a man hath in his heart cometh forth; lip-worship is of no avail.
Man soweth poison and expecteth ambrosia; behold that for justice!
Guru Angad
Contracting friendship with a fool would never be profitable.
He acteth according to his understanding: let any one see and inquire into this.
One thing can be put into a vessel if another be first removed.[1]
Commands will not succeed with God; supplications must be addressed to Him.
By practising falsehood falsehood is obtained: Nanak, there is pleasure in praising God.
Guru Angad
Friendship for a fool and love for a great man
Are like lines drawn on water, which leave neither trace nor mark.
Guru Angad
If a man be a fool and do anything, he cannot do it well
Even though he do one or two things well, he will spoil the rest.
PAURI XXII
If the servant who is employed in service act according to his master’s wishes,
His honour is all the more, and he receiveth double wages.
If he vie with his master, he will excite his jealousy,
Lose his large salary, and receive shoe-beating on the mouth.
Thank Him by whose gifts thou liveth
Nanak, commands will not succeed with Him; the Master must be implored,
[1. The love of God will enter man’s heart if he first expel worldly love.]
{p. 248}
SLOK XXIII
Guru Angad
What sort of gift is that which we obtain by our own asking?
Nanak, wonderful is the gift we obtain when the Lord is pleased.
Guru Angad
What sort of service is that in which the fear of the master departeth not?[1]
Nanak, he is called a servant who is absorbed in the love of his master.
PAURI XXIII
Nanak, God’s end is not seen, nor hath He a thither or a hither side.
He Himself createth, and He Himself again destroyeth.
Some have chains on their necks, and some ride on many horses.
It is God who causeth to act and who acteth Himself to whom else shall we complain?
Nanak, it is for Him who made the world to take care of it.
SLOK XXIV
Guru Nanak
It is God Himself who made vessels[2] and He Himself who filleth them.
In some is contained milk[3] others are put over the fire.
Some sleep on mattresses, and others stand and watch over them
Nanak, God regenerateth those on whom He looketh with favour.
[1. That is, when perfect understanding does not exist between master and servant, and the service is performed without love.
2. Here the word bhânde means human beings generally.
3. That is, God’s love, milk being deemed pure.]
{p. 249}
Guru Angad
God Himself arrangeth, He Himself putteth what He hath made into its proper place;
Having in this world created animals, He Himself be holdeth their birth and death.
Whom shall we address, O Nanak, since God doeth every thing Himself?
PAURI XXIV. 250}
——————————————————————————–A, spokesman.
Politics.
According to a senior U.S. official, the U.
The official said it appears that the secondary explosion did significant damage to one of the buildings next to the vehicle. The official spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss information about a military operation. neighbor,.
President Joe Biden had vowed to keep up the airstrikes, saying Saturday that another attack was “highly likely.” The State Department called the threat “specific” and “credible.”aida planned and executed while being sheltered by the Taliban. President Joe.Arsenal and Molde will sq. off on Thursday, November 5, at 3:00 PM (ET) at the Emirates Stadium in London for the group stage of the UEFA Europa League 2020-21. Right here, you may discover everything there’s to learn about this thrilling soccer sport, such because the match preview, info, storylines, predictions, odds, and even the right way to watch or dwell stream it.
The most important favorite to win the UEFA Europa League this season will take the pitch at dwelling yet one more time when Mikel Arteta’s Arsenal host red-how Molde in a must-win sport for each event.
The Gunners have had a straightforward path to an ideal 2-0 document with 5 objectives scored and only one conceded however have to be cautious of being overconfident, as Molde has additionally gained each of their video games of the group stage.
Arsenal vs Molde: Match Information
Date: Thursday, November 5, 2020
Time: 3.00 PM (ET), 2:00 PM (CT), 12:00 PM (PT)
Location: Emirates Stadium, London
Arsenal vs Molde: Storylines
Arsenal has the duty and accountability to show that they are again and that’s as soon as once more one of many strongest groups within the Previous continent after a number of years within the shadows of different English giants.
And to date, so good for Mikel Arteta workforce, as they have simply previous Rapid Wien and Dundalk, posting some spectacular victories over some lesser rivals. Now, they should show that they are for actual vs. a strong Molde workforce.
Clearly, the Gunners are extremely favored due to their man-to-man benefit, particularly with two big threats like Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazzette looming across the field.
Then once more, Molde can be unbeaten within the group stage and can flip to their hard-nosed protection to grab no less than one level on the Emirates Stadium and just about assure a spot within the knockout stage.
How To Watch Or Live Stream Free Arsenal vs Molde In The U.S
The UEFA Europa League sport between Arsenal and Molde to be performed on Thursday 5 on the Emirates Stadium in London might be broadcasted within the U.S. by TUDN App, UniMás, TUDNxtra, TUDN.com, CBS All Access, and Univision NOW.
Arsenal vs Molde: Predictions And Odds
Unsurprisingly, oddsmakers consider that Arsenal is large favorites to win the three factors at dwelling, as they enter this sport with odds of -335. Molde have odds of +800, whereas a tie would lead to a +450 payout.The Rise and Fall of Verbal Communication – Is Verbal Communication Dead?
director by the name of Richard Jarvis at Vodafone, simply saying “Merry Christmas”.
A little more fine-tuning, and by the turn of the millennium, the legendary Nokia 3310 would land on shop shelves and go on to sell 126 million units.
WhatsApp was launched in 2009, allowing users to send and receive calls via the internet – a platform that now sees 1.2 billion users sending over 10 billion messages per day.
Can you imagine your day-to-day life without your mobile phone?
It always interests me that before the days of mobile phones, and instant messaging, people had to speak over landline telephone, or send a letter and wait if they wanted anything done. My Dad has plenty of stories of him going door-to-door, and cold calling his way through the yellow pages while trying to start up his business. Frankly, being a 90’s kid, that’s an environment I’ve never been exposed to.
This led me to look into some recent statistics surrounding the popularity of communication types in business:
- 74% of consumers said they have zero unread text messages at any given time
- 97% of consumers have rejected or ignored calls from a business or unknown number
- 96% of respondents find phone calls to be disruptive to their day
To me, this data suggests that people are constantly using their phone (point 1) yet avoid vocal communication. Well, perhaps this has something to do with it:
- 77% of consumers experience some degree of anxiety when talking on the phone
Over 3 in 4 people get anxious taking a phone call! Yet I’m sure those people are perfectly comfortable in sending a text message. Does this mark the decline in the use of the phone call?
The past couple of generations grew up with texting as the norm, perhaps shaping the way communication in business is conducted due to their increasing reliance on smartphone technology. Or, maybe they just never learnt the soft skills of speaking on the phone?
A study from 2019 found that 25% of people make fewer than five mobile calls a month, with 6% making none at all.
Following on from this, an Ofcom survey on landline use found that the number of minutes spent on calls had halved in 6 years, from 103 billion in 2012, to 54 billion in 2017!
Even more so, with the availability of apps like Skype and Slack now which are primarily used as messaging platforms, is the phone call becoming a thing of the past? Has it already happened?
We think not!
Phone calls allow us to express ourselves much more uniquely than a text message could. Especially when working with repeat clients, building relationships via spoken voice will always trump texting.
Sure, sometimes you don’t need a phone call to get a quick response on something, and we can all utilise messaging for those requirements.
Making a good first impression is essential in business, as it can be the difference between gaining a customer, or building a great client relationship, and losing that customer or client. Spoken word reduces misinterpretation and allows skills like active listening and tone control, to help sway one’s judgement in your favour
It’s much more difficult to stand out and make a lasting impression when you are just another set of words on someone’s screen.
Also, it’s a real personal touch to show a client is worth your time and effort, by picking up the phone to have a conversation. We don’t always have to talk business!
It’s for these reasons that we at Monetise call every new applicant to our network, to build an initial relationship and show them that we care about their business.
So, let’s ‘spread the word’ (sorry) and keep communication vocal!
We love to take your call, so don’t hesitate to pick up the phone to us at any time.Take a look at this picture with bottles of water. Without their labels, you may be forgiven for thinking that they’re all the same – just plain water. But their labels give away their water chemistry. From left to right, they are: unbuffered soft water; plain water; hard water; water that is supersaturated with carbon dioxide; and acidic water.
But, what about the water you rear your fish in? They certainly don’t come with labels. How do you know if the water is suitable (or if it’s still suitable) for your fish? Why test?
Elevated ammonia, elevated nitrite, low pH, elevated temperature and low dissolved oxygen are killers of fish. Nitrates can accumulate and lead to immunosuppression. The list goes on.
Moreover water chemistry may change due to many factors. Some parameters vary depending on the time of the day, season, biomass, feed rate, water temperature and more. And the significance of some water parameters are influenced by other parameters (e.g. ammonia is more toxic at higher pH and temperature).
So, what parameters should we be testing regularly? For freshwater systems, we recommend testing regularly for ammonia, nitrite, nitrate, pH, KH, GH, water temperature, salinity and dissolved oxygen. For planted tanks, include carbon dioxide. For marine tanks, include phosphate, magnesium and calcium.
Watch this video for an example of how you can test your water –
One thought on “Is that water?… Good?”
If you are saving water to be tested DO NOT use such bottles! They are unlabeled– no traceability. The original contents may still be affecting the water test results. If preservatives have been put in the bottles (or if the are just filled with tank water) some one may drink the contents and get sick. Always use commercially pre cleaned bottles marketed for water sampling. You back bench “lab” can not properly clean previously used bottles especially if trace contents such as pesticides are to be tested.Is gambling in some states illegal?
Today,.
Which states do not allow gambling?
Gambling is legal in some form or another in 48 states across the country. The two holdouts that ban it in its entirety are Utah and Hawaii..
Where are casinos banned?
The only two states that completely ban it are Utah and Hawaii. In Nevada, which is famous as a haven for gambling, it is legal to gamble almost anywhere in the state. Most other states fall somewhere in between, for example only allowing gambling at licensed casinos.”.Cul de Sac by Richard Thompson for June 04, 2013
Transcript:
Kevin: I hate rhythm clapping game time. Alice: I need to work on my clapping skills or Petey's recital. Dill: You should bang pot lids together. Dill: My brother banged pot lids together last New Year's eve and a policeman came and yelled at him, it was so loud. Kevin: I keep missing. Alice: I don't want the police involved. It'd scare Petey. Dill: Then don't try fireworks! That New Year's, six policemen came. And a fire truck.
This is my FAVORITE type of CdS strip: a bunch of little kids sitting in class, talking about their anxieties and fears like disenfranchised adults… and at least one of them is in the midst of an existential crisis. And because they’re so cute and their biggest problems concern things like clapping and finger paints, I can’t help but chuckle and grin! Excellent work, Mr. Thompson!Vaginal Health Specialist – The OB-Gyn & Incontinence Center
The OB-Gyn & Incontinence Center has a team of experienced gynecologists who specialize in female reproductive health. For more information call us today or book an appointment online. Our clinic is located at 622 W Duarte Rd. Ste. 305 Arcadia, CA 91007.
The Importance of Vaginal Health
You know when something is off or abnormal, and your day-to-day sense of well-being, as well as your confidence, can decline. Along with the physical pain you experience, you also have to face the awkwardness and issues that vaginal discomfort brings to the bedroom as well.
It can be difficult to assess the status of your vaginal health on your own, however, if you’re urinating properly with no abnormal symptoms, and normal during intercourse, your vagina is more than likely healthy. However, it’s important to visit an OB/GYN regularly and get checked to ensure that there are no hidden conditions or concerns.
When Should I Visit a Doctor for My Vaginal Health?
You need to go to see a doctor if you are experiencing one or multiple of the following symptoms:
- Excessive vaginal itching
- Pain during urination
- Excessive pain during your period
- Extreme vaginal itching
- Persistent vaginal dryness
- Pain during intercourse
- Strange smelling discharge
- Large amounts of discharge
- Frequent Urinary Tract Infection (UTI)
Non-Surgical Treatment Options for Vaginal Health
- Monalisa Touch Laser Therapy
- Tempsure Vitalia RF treatment
Vaginal Health Services in Arcadia, CA
If you are looking for help for any vaginal health issues, call the caring team at the OB-Gyn and Incontinence Center in Arcadia, California, to schedule your consultation, or book MIR27A gene promoter. Histone H3 arginine methylation by PRMT6 interferes with generation of the activating H3K4me3 mark at the MIR27A gene promoter, thus contributing to transcriptional repression (Herglotz et al. 2013).
Hussong, H,
Herglotz, J,
Kolodziej, S,
Grez, M,
Kuvardina, ON,
Kumar, A,
Lausen, J
histone-arginine N-methyltransferase activity of RUNX1:CBFB:SIN3A,(SIN3B):PRMT6:HDAC1:MIR27A gene:H3K4me2-Nucleosome [nucleoplasm]
© 2021
ReactomeHey guys, I'm starting to get back into airsoft. This time around I'm going to build up one gun instead of several at a time, so all the extra parts I don't need have to go, but that's where you come in! There's too much to list here so anything you see just message me and I'll be happy to give you more info/pics and we can negotiate a price based on that. To make this thread 'legal', $200 takes it all. Buyer pays shipping, but buying multiple items will get you discounts and free shipping. I really want all of this gone, so offer up! Willing to trade for things like: Optics, .28-32g bb's, high torque motors, lipo batteries/chargers, or keymod accessories- Project Name: 家園一號
- Project Location: Hunan, Changsha
- Project Period: 4 June 2021- 5 June 2021
- Project Details: CFA: 3 081.6㎡, Single floor area: 277.5㎡, 11 storeys with 33 m
- Structural materials: column beams are made of stainless channel steel and square tubes, and the floor slabs are made of Broad Group's original stainless steel core plate
- Connection System: Standard bolt and nut connection
- Module Transportation Size (mm): 12 109 (length) x 2 438 (width) x 3 000 (height)
- Adopt 40-feet international container standard size (without container)
- Module Installation Size (mm): 12 109 (length) x 4 876 (width) x 3000 (height)
- Building Type: Residential
- Project Highlight: 100% manufactured off site, 9 degrees earthquake resistance, 5 times energy saving, 100 times clean air, 1% construction waste, thousand-year life span
Reference: BROAD<<15mL Cobalt Glass Round Bottle w/dropper
Product SKU: 18588
- Non-sterile round bottles for storing and administering liquid medication are made of soda lime silica glass.
- Cobalt Blue 15mL glass vial with dropper. Other bottles/closure combinations are available: 30mL with the dropper, 30mL with an atomiser, 60mL with atomiser and 120mL with a pump.
- 50 bottles per package.Overview
- Number of Players
- Single Player
- Genre
- RPG
- Release Date
DS
- 17th Mar 2009 (USA)
- 3rd Apr 2009 (UK/EU)
- 1st Nov 2008 (JPN)
- Series
- Valkyrie Profile
- Role Playing
- Official Site
- na.square-enix.com
- Wikipedia
- en.wikipedia.org
Screenshots (15)
Reviews...
About very pleased to bringing VALKYRIE PROFILE: Covenant of the Plume to Europe. This new installment of the critically acclaimed VALKYRIE PROFILE series is perfectly suitable for portable gaming and we hope fans will enjoy its tactical gameplay and another engaging story.”
Tap here to load 1 comments
Hold on there, you need to login to post a comment...Thanks so much for helping us build a sustainable future for kids like Florentina! Because of you, we’ll be able to buy five chickens and their first month of food.
The orphanage already has 18 chickens in a small coop, and those eggs already yield a small profit in support of kids like Florentina.That’s how the orphanage knows that, with more chickens, they’ll be
able to make over $260 a month! As it costs just $250 a year to educate a child, this is a really significant profit.
Combined with an additional business renting out a bus, the orphanage will be making more than $1,000 a month once the chicken coop is built. This will cut its reliance on donations in half.
For kids like Florentina, a sustainable income for the orphanage is the key to a secure, dignified future. Your generosity has brought her one step closer to that bright future. Thanks so much!
We’ll be sending you updates on how your donation is changing Florentina’s life through this project’s parent project, “Make a Haitian Orphanage Self-Sufficient!” best!
Take.Ananya Panday and.
Asked if it's intimidating to work with a star, Ananya said, "Not at all. She (Deepika) is the biggest sweetheart. As beautiful as she is on the outside, she is as beautiful on the inside. She is one of the nicest and warmest people ever. She is literally like my sister. We have a really good relationship."
"She has done a really good job in making all of us feel comfortable on set. There are no intimidating vibes. We did workshops together, too. She is a very caring person," she added.
Another star Ananya looks up to is Kareena Kapoor Khan -- especially her character Poo in Karan Johar's 2001 film Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham. She recently had a fangirl moment while talking to Kareena.
"One of the biggest compliments for me was when Kareena herself said, 'if there had to be a Poo now, I think you would be able to play it'. I am just hoping that Karan saw it or read it somewhere. That's a dream role. She was so iconic for all us while we were growing up," said Ananya, who was recently seen in the digitally-released film Khaali Peeli, opposite Ishaan Khatter.India remembers the brave hearts of 26/11 today on the 13th anniversary of the Mumbai terror attacks. Several celebrities took to social media sharing messages while remembering the horrific attacks l
November 26, 2021 02:41 IST
Sidharth Shukjla's death came as a rude shock to all his fans. The actor was just 40 year old, and at the peak of his career when he suffered from a massive heart attack and passed away on the 2nd of
November 26, 2021 02:35 IST
Bollywood actors Katrina Kaif, Ishaan Khatter and Siddhant Chaturvedi's "Phone Bhoot" will debut in cinema halls in July 2022, the makers announced on Friday.The supernatural-comedy is directed by Gur
November 26, 2021 01:15 IST
Bigg Boss has been teasing us about fresh wildcard entries for quite some time now. In fact, it has sent home three contestants yesterday- Jay Bhanushali, Vishal Kotian and Neha Bhasin- taking the tot
November 26, 2021 01:05 IST
Rakhi Sawant marks her hatrick in the Bigg Boss house as she entered once again as a wildcard recently after Bigg Boss 14. Her stay in the Bigg Boss 15 house, however, will be special as Rakhi enters
November 26, 2021 12:57 IST
John Abraham starrer Satyamev Jayate 2 got an edge over Salman Khan starrer Antim The Final Truth by arriving in cinemas on a Thursday while the latter was released today. The masala entertainer as fi
November 26, 2021 11:55 IST
After a long wait, the makers of the much-anticipated film 83' have released the teaser of the iconic cricket drama. The trailer of the film is going to released on 30th November, while the film is al
November 26, 2021 11:39 IST
Aryan Khan’s arrest by the Narcotics Control Bureau after a raid on the Cordelia Cruise Ship where the star kid was a guest has been one of the biggest scandals that shook Bollywood recently. The star
November 26, 2021 10:47 IST
Actor Samantha Prabhu has been roped in to play the lead role in 'Arrangements of Love' movie. BAFTA-winning Welsh director Philip John will helm the project, which is an adaptation of the bestselling
November 26, 2021 11:38 IST
Salman Khan’s look in Tere Naam has its own identity in the minds of Bollywood fans. The superstar has revealed on a TV show how he impulsively signed on for Tere Naam despite being told not to do the
November 26, 2021 10:26 ISTOur Services
Comprehensive
New Patient Evaluation
What to Expect
Prior to your appointment all questionnaires will be emailed to you in a secure email. All forms must be filled out and returned at least 24 hours prior to your visit for the doctors review.
During your evaluation we will explore aspects of your medical history which include:
Diet
Sleep
Food/ Environmental Allergies
Toxic Exposures
Physical/Emotional Traumas
Review Current diagnosed conditions
An Examination of 190 systems in the body will be performed to evaluate the number of imbalances in your body
Treatment will begin on this visit to start prioritizing your customized treatment plan
Supplements maybe recommended on this visit
At your next visit the doctor will go over his recommendations for your care and a treatment protocol will be presented.
The Chiropractic Visit
What to Expect
This visit is designed for patients seeking help with neuromuscular conditions like headaches, neck pain, low back pain, sciatica, shoulder or knee pain to name a few.
Want to improve or refine their health habits
Have questions about what supplementation/herbs they need to be taking
This visit is designed for established patients once they have completed the Chiropractic new patient process and both the doctor and the patient agree this is the right form of care for their situation.
The Comprehensive Visit
What to Expect
This type of visit is designed for individuals who have one or more chronic issue and require longer visits to comprehensively address the root causes of their issues.
This visit is for established patients that have completed the Comprehensive New Patient process.
A whole body synergistic approach is taken to restore the balance and function of the body.
Nutritional Therapy Visits
The fundamental goal of Nutritional Therapy is to encourage people to become knowledgeable
about—and responsible for—their own health. An.Here, Launa and Leonie talk candidly about dealing with the boys’ club, nurturing female leadership, and what diversity can mean for business.
Launa Inman has had an illustrious career including leading Billabong International as CEO and Managing Director, seven years as Managing Director of Target, and a role as a Non-Executive Director of Commonwealth Bank. She serves on two
not-for-profit boards: the Alannah & Madeline Foundation and Virgin Melbourne Fashion Festival.
Leonie Knipe is the 2019 Telstra Western Australian Business Woman of the Year and the Dealer Principal and Managing Director at Avon Valley Toyota and Isuzu Ute. Leonie has found incredible success in the traditionally male-dominated
auto-industry and her experience has led her to value and foster diversity in the workplace, particularly along the lines of gender and race.
Get more inspiring business stories delivered straight to your inbox.
Subscribe to the Smarter Business™ eNewsletterSubscribe hereGet more inspiring business stories delivered straight to your inbox.
Leading the way as women in business
Leonie: Hello, Launa.
Launa: Hello Leonie. It's a fabulous year ahead of you. Well done. I'm thrilled for you.
Leonie: Thanks. I don't think when you're day-to-day running a business that you actually attach titles like “trailblazer” to yourself.
But when you reflect on where you've come from, what you've done, and just how few women are doing what you’re doing – particularly in my industry – by default of being one of the few and one of the first, you are a trailblazer.
How about yourself? Do you ever think, “Look at me – I'm a trailblazer”?
Launa: I have been a trailblazer, but like you, I never really thought about it. When I reflect back, I'm the first woman to run Officeworks, the first woman to run Target.
Certainly, I was a trailblazer at Billabong, being the CEO of a huge surfing company. I think that was a complete and utter shock to everyone that a woman could be the CEO of a company that was all about snowboarding, surfing, skateboarding, etcetera.
Leonie: Did you actually have people say that to you – that they were shocked a woman was doing what you were doing?
Launa: They said it straight to my face. I will never forget, it didn't matter whether it was the fund managers or journalists, or even if I went to make a speech somewhere, the very first question I would get always was, “Do you surf?” And I would have to say, “No, I don't.” They always looked aghast at how I could have the audacity to think I could run that company if I didn't surf.
I remember saying back to one of the journalists: "Do you ask the CEO of Myer and the CEO of David Jones, who are both men, whether they wear dresses and perfumes? Because, if you think about it, 70% of their customers are women, and their growth has been apparel and cosmetics. Do you ask them that question?"
They stepped back and said, "Well, that's actually a point." I said, "Well, I think you need to look at us in an equal manner."
Leonie: Yeah. I’ve had it a little bit myself.
Not just one of the boys
Launa: Let me ask you a question. Working in a male-dominated field, have you found there's been pressure to present as one of the boys?
Leonie: In the early days, yes. But I think the pressure came from myself. I don't think it was being imposed on me by the men. I was all football and cricket. If I was going into a room full of men, which I had to do a lot – still have to do a lot – I would almost try to study the sports scores so I had something that I thought that they'd want to talk about.
I definitely don't do that anymore, because it wasn't authentic. I'm not particularly interested in cricket and football. I did discover that men were quite interested in talking about family and general news though. I don't know whether you've had similar experiences?
Launa: Yes and no. I became aware that I needed to not lose my femininity, and I still dressed as a business woman, but similar to you I would try and understand what was happening on the back page when it came to sports. And I found that did open up some acceptability to me.
"Did the men treat me a little bit differently? Even though they were incredibly polite to me, I know that at times I did feel a little isolated."Launa Inman, Non-Executive Director of Super Retail Group
When I would be the only woman at the conference and all the guys would be saying, “Well, let's go for a 6:30am run,” or something. And they never ever thought to ask me if I wanted to join them.
I don't think it was done deliberately. And I probably may not have even gone, but it would've been nice to have been asked.
Leonie: That professional isolation is something that I have definitely experienced. At the end of a conference they'll go off to the bar or go off to the casino and not to think to invite me. Like you said, I don't think it was out of rudeness. I think it was just out of a perception that I wouldn't be interested.
Launa: How did you manage it?
Leonie: In the early days it did bother me. Now it hasn't changed, but it doesn't bother me anymore. I appreciate that we are all different.
Embracing diversity
Launa: I think people are aware of diversity, but it's one thing being aware of it, and it's another thing making sure it happens. One thing I've found is that you can have diversity in the workplace, but it still doesn't mean inclusion. You can put your hand up and say, “Yes, we've got diversity.” But unless they're actually included and made to feel part of the team, it's still not a solution.
One of the things that I learned is you have to make an effort to be included and embrace whatever that company offers you. What are your thoughts on it?
Leonie: Yeah, I definitely agree with everything that you've said. I never wanted to be in a position where I had a checklist for diversity hires. I didn't want it to be just a tick and flick. Diversity is important, but it still does need to be, as you said, managed.
I also think it makes a big difference for customers coming into your workplace. They're far more comfortable walking into an organisation that is diverse because they are all diverse.
Launa: Totally. One of the businesses I'm involved in now, they've been doing some quite senior appointments. And the question we posed was can you make sure there are some women on that list? They came back and said, “We haven't really found any.” I said, “I don't buy that. There are many smart women out there, and the head hunter just has to go and find them. They’re just going to have to work harder for it.” I think that's really important. I think with diversity, you've got to keep pushing it all the way, not only within your own company but elsewhere.
Leonie: I think part of that pressure, particularly in my industry, comes when you need to think outside the box. The motor vehicle industry still has very set ideas around, for example, ‘a salesperson must work these hours on these days and their job description looks like this’. If you mix that up a little bit and look at flexibility around hours and the job description in itself, that opens up a whole broader group of people applying for the position.
"Flexibility allows you to have people putting their hand up to come to your business that you might have otherwise missed out on."Leonie Knipe, Dealer Principal and Managing Director of Avon Valley Toyota
Launa: I call that reframing how you look at it. And I totally agree because in the past in some of the organisations say, “Flexibility can be negotiated. We can be flexible.” But it's not necessarily the norm. If you reframe it and say, “All jobs have flexibility, we’ve just got to work to make it flexible for you and also good for the company.” Suddenly everyone looks at it differently and that's how you get your diversity and your inclusion.
Fostering female leadership in business
Launa: What do you think businesses should be doing to encourage the development of more female leaders? Because that's what we need. I mean, it's very lonely at the top.
Leonie: I think that we need to encourage the women who are already doing it to take other women under their wing. I think that we need to become more than just mentors. I think we need to become sponsors. In my organisation, if I identify a young woman who is wanting to progress through the ranks of the industry, I’d be taking her under my wing and encouraging her and helping her to kick down those doors. And I think that's what Australian businesses need to do. It might have to be driven by the women who are already doing it.
Launa: I would agree on that. I think organisations need to also appreciate that they do have family commitments and be flexible on that. So I think that that's the first starting point.
"Organisations need to recognise that they need more women in senior roles."Launa Inman, Non-Executive Director of Super Retail Group
The second thing is I feel that women need to have mentors and sponsors, and they need to try and get them into a habit of meeting regularly. I could have learnt a lot from someone who met me on a regular basis. Who wasn't just a sounding board, but gave me some really good common-sense advice and pulled me up when I was not going in the right direction. Because you’ve got to have tough love as well. You need someone who is actually going to say, ‘No, I don't think you're handling this one right. Have you considered another approach?’
Companies also need to understand why there are not more women leaders in the senior roles, because often you look at these graduate programmes, they might employ 20 people, 10 women, 10 men, but yet three years later, a lot of those women would have moved on or the men have had a more rapid promotion. I think companies need to be looking internally as well and saying, what are we not doing right? What is the issue?
"We really have to encourage woman to be upfront and honest and to ask for things, not expect it to happen."Launa Inman, Non-Executive Director of Super Retail Group
If women want support and they need help, go in and ask for it. Because the only thing that can be said is no, but they might just get it. So I think it's teaching people to communicate better both in the management levels but also for people to ask for more.
It’s business, unfiltered
Launa: Leonie it was wonderful to chat with you.
Leonie: No worries. Thanks to you, too.
Launa: Bye.
Leonie: Bye.
For more Unfiltered Conversations, join Telstra Business Women’s Award Judge and former CMO of oOh!media, Michaela Chan, and 2019 Telstra Northern Territory Business Woman of the Year and Principal Senior Research Fellow at the Menzies School of Health Research, Professor Amanda Leach, as they discuss how trust, vision and generosity help drive change.Find out moreProperty Attributes
- MLS#221006489
- TypeCommercial
- CountyDELAWARE
- CityLewis Center
- AreaOrange
- Zip43035
- StyleRetail
- Year Built1850
- Taxes$ 16698
- Price$ 1,890,000
- Bedrooms0
- Full Bathrooms0
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage2000
- Lot Size0.76 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Randy J Best with Best Corporate Real Estate
Data Source:
Columbus REALTORS® - 240 - OH
Property Description
Total of 3 Buildings on 3 Separate Lots. Over 11,000 Square Feet of Buildings on approximately .562 of an acre. Previously Lewis Center Post Office/Historic Area of Orange Township. Excellent Signage/Multiple Tenants for added income. This is an excellent re-development site with current existing long term tenants. Buildings are fully leased with various size tenants and occupants. Across from newly developing Evans Farm Town Center and JenningsSports Park, totaling approximately 1,250 acres of new development
General Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolThe United States is pushing for a United Nations resolution in support of international bans on texting while driving..”Represents: Timber Beasts
Current Record: 3 - 4
Season Average: 1016.04
Game Score: 1009.6
Represents: Trigger Time 4-H Shooting Education Club
Current Record: 4 - 3
Season Average: 1019.16
Game Score: 1029.2
Trigger Time 4-H Shooting Education Club Narrowly Defeats Timber Beasts
Shooting their highest score of the season Trigger Time 4-H Shooting Education Club edged out Timber Beasts 1029.2 to 1009.6 last week in the National Air Rifle League. Their fourth win in a row. With the win, Trigger Time 4-H Shooting Education Club is in sixth place overall and second place within their 'Junior Rifle Club' conference. They currently have a 4 - 0 record. Trigger Time 4-H Shooting Education Club was led by, Samantha Seagle who shot a 271.3. The remaining contributing members were Grace Richter, Samantha Erick, and Noah Richter. Trigger Time 4-H Shooting Education Club is from Nokesville, VA, and is coached by Alan Lerch.
Snapping a thre game win streak Timber Beasts currently has a 3 - 1 record. After the loss they are in eighth place overall and third place within their 'Junior Rifle Club' conference. Timber Beasts was led by, Jessamy Winkler who shot a 260.0. The remaining contributing members were Carter Halvorson, Irene VanDyke, and Emily Heller. Timber Beasts is from Cornelius, OR, and is coached by Lonnie Winkler.
Next up Trigger Time 4-H Shooting Education Club will compete against Warren Central MCJROTC from Indianapolis, IN. Warren Central MCJROTC currently has a 2 - 1 record. While Timber Beasts will compete against Loveland AJROTC from Loveland, CO. Loveland:
Trigger Time 4-H Shooting Education Club team page:
Timber Beasts team page:
18 - 24 Oct 2021
Orion Scoring System |
Result Center Home |
Upcoming Matches |
Recent Results |
Team Home Pages |The Community Centre dock ramps will stay in place for as long as weather permits to retain access to the Property.
Are you a member of the Sans Souci and Copperhead Association and this is your first time logging in?
Not yet a member, or need help retrieving your information? Complete our Membership Information Request formSam Zell’s Equity Residential and the luxury homebuilder Toll Brothers Inc. have formed a partnership to develop apartments, looking to deploy $1.9 billion to take advantage of the surging demand for rentals.
The two companies will invest about $750 million in equity, plus additional debt, over the next three years to develop projects in Boston, Seattle, Atlanta Austin, Denver, Dallas-Fort Worth and the San Diego area, according to a statement on Tuesday.This is our configurator. Here you can build the VW Camper of your dreams. We offer brand new Volkswagen T6 California’s with all the papers for registration within Europe. Free shipping is included. You can choose between the T6.1 California Beach, Coast or Ocean. If you want to drive sooner than check our stock list.Ladies' Ring Glamour GR33-08 (19 mm) (Size 19 mm)
- Gender: Lady
- Colour: Green
- Material: Silver
- Size:
- Adjustable
- 19 mm
We present you Ladies' Ring Glamour GR33-08 (19 mm) and a comprehensive range of rings, bracelets, earrings, necklaces, etc., at great price. Find out more about our exclusive and elegant pieces of jewellery and costume jewellery for all tastes and styles.When you consider the technology that your particular business needs to thrive, what springs into your mind? Cloud storage? Contact-management software? Social media pages? Tablets and smartphones for your salespeople and other staffers? What about printers? You may think that printers have become obsolete, going the way of faxes before them. But you would be wrong. Sure, we’re all looking forward to the time when business goes entirely paperless. With e-mail, cloud storage systems, social media sites and tablets that are as powerful as miniature computers, we’re closing in on that day. But we aren’t there yet.
Can’t turn away business
That’s because a number of clients with which you’ll deal still haven’t gone paperless . They’re either not willing or unable to transition into a paperless system. If you wish to keep their business, you need to supply them with printouts listing your transactions with them. Fortunately, you can still find plenty of high-quality small business printers on the market today. Writer Paul Mah, with Small Business Computing.com, offers you several recommendations on finding the right one for your business.
All-in-one?
You’ll have to first decide whether you will need a printer that does many things or focuses solely on printing. A multi-function printer can scan, photocopy and fax. And for some businesses, the ones that often perform these tasks, a piece of equipment that does many different things will make sense. However, if your business rarely faxes or scans documents, a traditional printer may be the better option. Multi-function printers, because of their additional features, are rarely cheap.
Laser vs. Inkjet
The old debate has always focused on whether laser printers or inkjet printers make more sense for small businesses. The reality is, both kinds of printers come with downsides and upsides. Consider laser printers. As Mah writes, it’s widely acknowledged that laser printers produce cleaner, more vibrant copy than inkjet printers. On the down side? Laser printers are more expensive. Then check out inkjet printers. These are usually less expensive and their technology has improved so the prints from them are clearer than ever. But you will find downsides here, too. For one thing, you’ll need to replace those printer heads often if your business does a lot of printing. Secondly, the printer heads clog up on an inkjet printer in the event the printer is not used often enough. There are other considerations when buying a printer for your small business. The more you print, the higher-end printer you’ll need. If you need to print in color, you’ll need to decide whether to use a printer containing both black and color cartridges or one that uses a single-cartridge system to generate all colors.
We're curious to know how many of our readers see the need for a printer in their futures...Care to comment? Let us hear from you!Billie Jo Tobin
Billie Jo has been teaching with Living Waters Catholic Separate Division since moving to Alberta in 1997. She teaches Math 20-1, Math 30-1, Math 31, and high school Religion. In addition to her teaching duties, she is also the high school academic advisor and off-campus coordinator. She has 2 sons, Ethan (20) and Elias (17) as well as 2 adorable cats, Francis and Stella. In her spare time, Billie Jo enjoys hiking, camping, kayaking, and spending time with family and friends.Author Sherman Alexie issued a statement acknowledging that he’s hurt people over the years, addressing for the first time anonymous accusations of harassment that have swirled for days and that prompted a college to take his name off a scholarship.
Prominent Seattle writer Sherman Alexie issued a statement Wednesday acknowledging that he’s hurt people over the years, addressing for the first time anonymous accusations of sexual harassment against him that have swirled on the internet for days. In breaking his silence, however, Alexie said he rejected “the accusations, insinuations, and outright falsehoods” made by another writer who, while not accusing him of sexually harassing her, “has led charges against me,” he said.
The allegations have been confined, at least publicly, to anonymous comments on blog posts and social-media feeds. But the online furor has already resulted in fallout in the literary and Native American communities, with a college renaming a scholarship that had been in his name, references to him being removed from a children’s literature blog and an upcoming book, and a national organization that had just awarded him a prestigious national prize now saying it’s evaluating its next steps.
In his statement, Alexie said: “Over the years, I have done things that have harmed other people, including those I love most deeply. To those whom I have hurt, I genuinely apologize. I am so sorry.”
He also said: “There are women telling the truth about my behavior and I have no recollection of physically or verbally threatening anybody or their careers. That would be completely out of character. I have made poor decisions and I am working hard to become a healthier man who makes healthier statement ended: “I am genuinely sorry.”
Alexie did not respond to requests for an interview.
He is one of the Pacific Northwest’s best-known authors, winning some of the literary world’s most prestigious national prizes and appearing on best-seller lists. His 26 books often drew on his experiences growing up on the Spokane Indian Reservation in Wellpinit, Stevens County, and his work spanned many genres: children’s and young-adult literature as well as adult fiction, short stories, poetry and memoir.
Alexie is the latest prominent figure to be swept up in the #MeToo movement, which accelerated last fall after The New York Times and The New Yorker published stories about sexual-misconduct allegations against movie mogul Harvey Weinstein. Since then, dozens of notable figures — including Kevin Spacey and Louis C.K. — have been accused of sexual misconduct.
To date, the allegations against Alexie have been more vague.
The accusations that precipitated the recent firestorm appear to have first shown up publicly in anonymous comments on a Jan. 3 School Library Journal post about sexual harassment in the children’s book industry. The article did not mention Alexie by name, but the comments thread had at least five anonymous accusations, including: “Sherman Alexie. #Me too.”
On Feb. 23, author Litsa Dremousis began a long Twitter thread, writing she’d “known about the allegations against Sherman Alexie for months now” and that “by my count, there are now over 20 women who are accusing him of harassment.”
In his Wednesday statement, Alexie said he and Dremousis had a sexual relationship that ended in 2015. But, he said, she has continued to attend most of his public events since then. He also said that Dremousis sent an email to Alexie’s wife last October, “in which she informed her of our past sexual relationship” and later “posted something on my wife’s Facebook page that frightened my wife.
“Since then, Ms. Dremousis has continually tweeted and spoken in public about my behavior, making accusations based on rumors and hearsay and quoting anonymous sources,” he said in his statement.
“No!” Dremousis said after being read parts of the statement Wednesday.
She said she had been open with reporters about the affair, although she had earlier told The Seattle Times it was off the record.
She acknowledged contacting Alexie’s wife (although not through Facebook) to tell her “the story was going to break and to talk to the kids.” She said she was concerned about the welfare of her and Alexie’s two children.
As for spreading rumors based on anonymous sources, she said she and NPR have been working together to interview women on the record. “We’ve recorded five or six already,” she said. “Once the NPR story is out, it nullifies everything.”
She said in an interview Tuesday, she has chosen to funnel women who are contacting her with stories about Alexie to NPR.
NPR did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday.
During her Tuesday interview, Dremousis said she knew 60 or 70 women since 1998 who claimed to have been harassed by Alexie. Wednesday, she said, the number was up to 80.
She said none of Alexie’s agents or attorneys have contacted her to contradict her accusations.
Reactions have been swift since the accusations first began appearing online.
On Monday, the Institute of American Indian Arts (IAIA) in Santa Fe, New Mexico, posted that it had “received several recent inquiries about Sherman Alexie’s relationship with the IAIA MFA program” and that its Sherman Alexie Scholarship has been renamed the MFA Alumni Scholarship.
Institute spokesman Eric Davis told The Seattle Times that the school had no proof of wrongdoing by Alexie — neither in its own records of complaints, nor in online searches about the allegations.
But, Davis said, “We thought someone might feel awkward accepting the scholarship — we don’t want a female student to say, ‘I don’t want to accept the scholarship’ and hurt her scholastic opportunities.”
On Wednesday, the American Library Association (ALA), which on Feb. 11 awarded Alexie its Andrew Carnegie Medal for Excellence in Nonfiction, said in response to a query that it had “recently learned of these concerning allegations against Sherman Alexie.”
“We take this matter seriously and are evaluating our next steps as more information becomes available,” said Jessica Hughes, executive director of the Reference & User Services Association, a division of the ALA.
Also this week, local journalist and author Paulette Perhach said she was busy editing references to Alexie out of the galley proofs for her new book, “Welcome to the Writer’s Life.”
“I’m just sitting here with my red pen,” she said. “Literally striking a line through his name on a piece of paper feels weird.”
She was an Alexie devotee. “He’s one of those artists who knocks a hole through a wall and you realize: ‘Oh, there’s all this other space over there,’” she said. “Some artists show you what’s possible, and it feels very personal.”
Like IAIA, Perhach said she had no proof of wrongdoing. “It’s whisperings, whisperings,” she said. “But when I get from three separate sources that he’s hurting people with his power — at that point, it’s too risky for me to point to him as someone to look up to.”
The three sources Perhach referred to included two secondhand accounts and a post on the blog American Indians in Children’s Literature (AICL).
Debbie Reese, editor of the AICL blog, had posted Sunday that “based on private conversations” she had decided to go through 11 years of AICL posts, “making edits to any page that has referenced Alexie or his work.”
Reese did not respond to requests for comment.
Reaction also came from other Native American writers.
Poet Joy Harjo, a Muskogee (Creek) Nation member and a friend and mentor of Alexie, said she had gotten phone calls for years from young women complaining of his behavior. Harjo declined to go into detail but wrote a poignant Facebook post on Monday.
“Feeling deep grief and anger with our Native writing community in what has finally, after years, come to light about the abuses of power by one of our own,” she wrote in the post, not mentioning Alexie’s name.
“I keep asking myself if there was anything I could have done or said, or should be doing or saying now. I do know that for years Native women have had to run the gauntlet of Native males who abuse that power.”
Adrienne Keene, a Cherokee Nation member who is an assistant professor of American and Ethnic studies at Brown University, also wrote about sexual harassment in a searing, influential blog post last October titled “The Native Harvey Weinsteins.”
The post did not mention any people by name, but in an interview this week, Keene said she’d heard from a couple of women about their experiences with Alexie. Keene didn’t go into details, saying: “It’s not my story to tell.”
“There are so few representations of Native people out there. It’s hard to see those heroes fall,” Keene said, talking about why it’s difficult to have this conversation in public.
Alexie’s most recent book is a 2017 memoir about his relationship with his late mother, “You Don’t Have to Say You Love Me,” a New York Times best-seller and the winner of the Carnegie Medal.
A few weeks after its publication, Alexie halted a national publicity tour for the book. In an open letter posted online, he wrote of being haunted by ghosts and visions of his late mother, of depression, and of his need to “take a big step back and do most of my grieving in private.” He resumed public appearances in the fall with a few select events, including in Seattle.
Alexie’s 2007 young adult novel “The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian” won the National Book Award for young people’s literature, and his 2010 collection of short stories, “War Dances,” won the PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction. In 2013, he was the recipient of the John Dos Passos Prize for Literature for his body of work.
His 1993 collection of short stories, “The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven,” was his literary breakthrough, and was reissued in a 20th-anniversary edition in 2013. One of the stories within it, “This Is What It Means to Say Phoenix, Arizona,” became the basis for the 1998 film “Smoke Signals,” which Alexie wrote and co-produced. The film won several awards, including the Audience Award at the 1998 Sundance Film Festival. Alexie also wrote and directed the 2002 film “The Business of Fancydancing.”Search Constraints
Filtering by: Keyword detrital Remove constraint Keyword: detrital
1 entry found
Number of results to display per page
View results as:
Search Results
Bayesian Population Correlation: A probabilistic approach to comparing detrital zircon age distributions
- Creator:
- Tye, Alexander R, Wolf, Aaron S, and Niemi, Nathan A
- Description:
- Detrital zircon age distributions provide robust insights into past sedimentary systems, but these age distributions are often complex and multi-peaked, with sample sizes too small to confidently resolve population distributions. This limited sampling hinders existing quantitative methods for comparing detrital zircon age distributions, which show systematic dependence on the sizes of compared samples. The proliferation of detrital zircon studies motivates the development of more robust quantitative methods. We present the first attempt, to our knowledge, to infer probability model ensembles (PMEs) for samples of detrital zircon ages using a Bayesian method. Our method infers the parent population age distribution from which a sample is drawn, using a Monte Carlo approach to aggregate a representative set of probability models that is consistent with the constraints that the sample data provide. Using the PMEs inferred from sample data, we develop a new estimate of correspondence between detrital zircon populations called Bayesian Population Correlation (BPC). Tests of BPC on synthetic and real detrital zircon age data show that it is nearly independent from sample size bias, unlike existing correspondence metrics. Robust BPC uncertainties can be readily estimated, enhancing interpretive value. When comparing two partially overlapping zircon age populations where the shared proportion of each population is independently varied, BPC results conform almost perfectly to expected values derived analytically from probability theory. This conformity of experimental and analytical results permits direct inference of the shared proportions of two detrital zircon age populations from BPC. We provide MATLAB scripts to facilitate the procedures we describe.
- Keyword:
- provenance, statistics, zircon, Bayesian, detrital, and density estimation
- Citation to related publication:
- A.R. Tye, A.S. Wolf, N.A. Niemi, Bayesian population correlation: A probabilistic approach to inferring and comparing population distributions for detrital zircon ages, Chemical Geology, Volume 518, 2019, Pages 67-78, ISSN 0009-2541,
- Discipline:
- Science
- Title:
- Bayesian Population Correlation: A probabilistic approach to comparing detrital zircon age distributionsDevils head to Aberdeen for 2nd-round matchup
Published 12:00 pm Thursday, November 12, 2015
A 32-12 win over Velma Jackson in the first round of the MHSAA Class 3A playoffs has Water Valley on to the the second round and winners of their last five games.
They would like to keep the momentum going.
“They’re confident,” Water Valley coach Brad Embry said of his team. “Confidence in that we can get the job done and that we need to prepare. The way the season went early has kept us grounded. It’s good confidence.”
The Blue Devils (7-5) hit the road this week as they travel to Aberdeen to take on the Bulldogs (9-3).
Aberdeen comes into the second round after a dominating 52-6 win over Belmont in their opening round game last week. The Bulldogs entered the playoffs as the No. 1 seed out of Region 4-3A after posting a 5-0 record in region play.
The last time the two schools met was 2012 when Water Valley and Aberdeen were Region 2-3A foes. The Blue Devils fell 20-13 in Aberdeen.
“They’re athletic,” Embry said of Aberdeen. “We have a history of playing Aberdeen and they’re still that athletic team. (Head coach Eric) Spann does a good job of getting the ball in his playmakers hands. We’ve got to limit that, cut out big plays that they’re capable of.”
The Bulldogs are led by senior quarterback Tremonte Prather. The signal caller has completed 120-of-211 passes for 2,078 yards and 25 touchdowns in 12 games. He has also thrown 11 interceptions.
Prather also lends his services to the running game with 556 yards and nine touchdowns on 106 carries. Fellow senior Donte Carter leads the ground game with 655 yards and eight touchdowns on 125 carries.
“(Prather) does a good job. He’s a threat with his arm and his leg,” Embry said. “They got a good little running back, a couple of them and they put four wide receivers that are dangerous. You got to pick your poison.”
If Water Valley wants to see themselves into the third round next week they will have to find a way to put up points against an Aberdeen defense that is holding opponents to 16.7 points per game and has two shutout under their belt this season.
The Blue Devil offense has come alive in the past month, averaging 31.2 points a game during their current winning streak.
“We’ve got to move the ball offensively, try to keep the ball away from them so our defense is not on the field all night,” Embry said. “They play an odd front and they’re good at it. They’re gap sound and they know where to be. They don’t do a lot of different stuff but they’re really good at what they do. I don’t see a lot of holes back there, the secondary is real athletic. Up front they got a lot of guys that look like linebackers with their hands on the ground.”FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS?
Is there a charge to spectators? Yes. $5 per car load.
Is there a cost to register a vehicle at River Run? Yes. $15 with a car club where 3 or more members are present, $20 otherwise. After July 31 prices will be $20 car club and $25. You can register online or at the show. If you register before Aug. 1 you will save money
Will trophies be awarded? Yes, generally between 55-70 per show.
Is the show judged? Yes. Judged by show participants and judges.
Will there be food vendors at the show? Yes. Several vendors selling burgers, hotdogs, drinks, BBQ, Ice Cream and other items.
Is there shade at the show? Yes. If you are lucky you may get a shady spot. I would bring a popup if possible.
Will other vendors be at the show? Yes. Several car part vendors and local merchants are always at the show.
Is there door prizes? Yes. Generally several thousands of $$'s are given away at each show. Most of the door prizes go to the show participants.
Is it ok to bring the Kids/Family? Very family friendly and kids and family are welcome. Non-alcohol show.
When is the show? The car show is 4th Saturday of Aug. Vendors are welcome to come Friday and setup for both Friday and Saturday.
What is the cost for a vendor spot? Vendor cost is $30. Contact River Run to discuss an area larger than 10x10.
What type of vehicles are in the show? The show has cars from the 1920's-current year. Rat rods - $350,000 Bentley.
Are there rest rooms? Port-a-potties are located in and around the park.
Is there a direct contact number to call? Yes. Call 256 677 9763.Overview of AWI
The 30-year.
In 2003, the Anacostia Waterfront Framework Plan (AWI Plan) put forth a visionary and ambitious agenda for the revitalization of the Anacostia waterfront as a world-class destination and the center of 21st century Washington, DC. The AWI Plan set in motion the implementation of a comprehensive blueprint for transformation including new mixed-income neighborhoods, environmental restoration, transportation infrastructure, enhanced public access, new connected parks, and cultural destinations. This website is dedicated in particular to implementation of the transportation vision of the AWI Plan which is further detailed in the AWI Transportation Master Plan. For further information about the Anacostia Waterfront Initiative more generally, please see the DC Office of Planning webpage.
Key Elements of AWI
.2-section pole is 8 ft. Mast diameter accepted: 1.81 in. "Tram Dual Band Vertical Base Antenna UHF VHF High Gain Fiberglass Ham Radio NEW" is in sale since Tuesday, March 6, 2018. This item is in the category "Consumer Electronics\Radio Communication\Antennas\CB Radio Antennas".
The seller is "ship*captain" and is located in Stanley, New Mex.Uncategorized 22 Jan 2021 admin Login For the sections below, you need a password. If you are an active member or a candidate member of the network, you can obtain a password here.Some sections are open to all people that attented the feasibility visit, candidate members, full members, board members and national agencies (like e.g. the pictures of the feasibility visit). Some sections (like e.g. the forum) are not open for people that are not a member of the network.If you have difficulties with the pasword, often it is due to the safety-settings of your computer. If you need to fill out your pasword on each page again, you can avoid this by clicking on the link with your right mouse button, and selecting “open in new window”.Communication toolsIndividual email adresses, group mail, database, forum, message-board,…PicturesOnly for members…Project ForumA forum to suggest new projects and to develop further projects. Post here your proposal, if you wish to find partners or for getting feedbackFundsLinks to different programmes that are funding activities, projects, and private fundsOnline materials & linksDownloadable documents, training manuels, booklets, resource guides, guidelines, research, background documents,… concerning youth health promotion topics, categorised per methodology, and usefull links to websites concerning youth health promotion, categorised per topic: sexual and reproductive health and rights, addiction prevention, mental health, active lifestyle, peer education, teen age issues, international youth work and trainings,…ReportsIn this section you can download reports, statutes, and other documents that are related to the organisational management of the Healthy Network iNGO.DisclaimerPrivacy statementContactNicole, mother of Brady
It was amazing to have the OneGene Program reach out so quickly because we felt like we had someone in our corner every step of the way.
The OneGene Program®
The OneGene Program is a team of highly trained and dedicated people who help ensure that every family has the support they need during their treatment journey and beyond. Their work starts the moment the ZOLGENSMA® (onasemnogene abeparvovec-xioi) Prescription Form and/or Patient Consent Form is received. From that point forward, the team works closely with your family to do everything from answering questions to being a reassuring voice to speak to when things might feel overwhelming.
Contact the OneGene Program at
855-441-GENE (4363), Monday-Friday
(8 AM-8 PM ET), to learn more. Translation services available upon request.Listen and Learn: How to Support the Mothers and Caregivers in Your Workforce Post-COVID Jobs-admin 5 months ago Even before COVID-19, women were disproportionately shouldering caregiving responsibilities — and that situation has only worsened since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. In a survey of 500 HR leaders conducted by Lattice, nearly 80 percent of respondents said they saw women take time off or reduce their hours to help with homeschooling and childcare. By comparison, only 60 percent of respondents said they saw men do the same. Caregiving can impact a … Source Recruiter RelatedMore Than Statistics: How COVID-19 is Impacting Working WomenJuly 21, 2021In "Career Advice"Continuing the Work of Women’s EqualityAugust 26, 2021In "Career Advice"Building Back Better: Expanding Career Pathways for WomenNovember 18, 2021In "Career Advice"The University is excited to announce the new and improved Student Center. This new technology will allow students to use whatever device they have to register for classes, pay their tuition, and even check on degree progress! Students, faculty, and staff will benefit from the new and improved navigation and streamlined processes. These trainings are available to help students, faculty, and staff navigate the new system. For additional details or questions, feel free to reach out to the relevant office for further assistance.Pueblo West's Dog Gone Day Resort and Kennels offers pet luxury
Gift givers looking for a unique present - especially one their furry friends or a pet owner on their list would appreciate - might want to dig into Small Business Saturday shopping at the Dog Gone Day Resort & Kennels in Pueblo West.
The Dog Gone business opened at 472 S. Joe Martinez in July 2019 after Owners Steve and Erica Jordan took over the former Markway’s veterinary building, adding fencing, raised-up kennels and decking for an easy to clean dog friendly environment. The Jordan’s are dog lovers who started the business to help pet owners better serve their furry family members.
“People are treating their pets like family and it is a big deal for them when their dogs can attend day care,” Jordan said. “They look at their pets as their children and don’t want them to sit at home alone without a physical outlet.
“People feel guilty when they have to work and don’t have time to give to their pets,” he explained.
Enter Dog Gone where pet owners can take their dogs for a day of social interaction and exercise with other pooches. The day resort can be used on a regular basis or in a pinch when pet owners have workers in to do home repairs.
For the Pueblo-based or super busy dog owners, Dog Gone even offers a transport shuttle. It is the second business in the state to obtain a pet shuttle license, “so we really have a niche on transport,” Jordan said.
“We got certification from the state so we can go door to door if people need that or we have a free pick up at the old K-mart parking lot (U.S. 50 and Elizabeth,) where we meet up with owners. This allows us to serve people in Pueblo that do not have time to drive out to Pueblo West,” he explained.
Once the dogs arrive at Dog Gone the fun begins.
“We have three different areas we take the dogs and they can play and socialize in a group with other dogs who are in daycare. We also have birthday parties for dogs,” Jordan said.
He knows the canines have had a good time when their owners report the dogs were “passed out and snoring” after a day of romping with their buddies.
The kennel portion of the business allows pet owners to drop off their dogs and cats for boarding while they are on vacation.
“We have two luxury rooms which are 12- by 14-feet so they are good size. They are a space where pets from the same family can be together,” Jordan explained.
The Colorado Room has a scenic waterfall and wood cabin motif while the other room features Victorian paneling and an electric fireplace for the home away from home touch.
“Two months ago we started offering grooming because our manager, Paula Mitchell, used to be a groomer. We converted an old exam room into a bathing station where the dogs get bathed, groomed and dried.
It is a real good service for the community and a one-stop shop that make’s it convenient for pet owners,” he said.
The business has worked hard to stay afloat during the coronavirus pandemic.
“We are doing OK. When people had travel plans they had to cancel, we took a dive.
Since then we’ve had some slow days and some busy days,” Jordan said. “It’s been very enjoyable for the owners and the pets who get exciting, positive interactions.”
The business employs six people and the Jordans’ Dachshund-Maltese mix Gracie is CPO-chief puppy officer.
By offering fun amenities like “Tiny” Tuesdays for small dogs, who got an introductory half-price deal because of their diminutive stature, the daycare now has about 19 regulars on Tuesdays. Serving everything from Chihuahuas to Alaskan Malumutes and puppies to seniors means the staff works to match dogs by energy level for their play groups.
Dog Gone staff even snap pictures and send out report cards with a note so owners can keep tabs on their furry critters. Small Business Saturday gift certificates are available plus the business offers a 50% off coupon for all new customers.
Customers can get $5 off new services and $10 military discounts.
The business hours are 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday through Friday and 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturday and Sunday.
For details call 719-547-7795 or log onto. The business also has a Dog Gone Day Resort & Kennels Facebook page.
Chieftain and Pueblo West View reporter Tracy Harmon can be reached by email at tharmon@chieftain.com or via Twitter at twitter.com/tracywumps.Sacred Land Hat
- Regular
- $55.00
- Sale
- $55.00
- Regular
-
Sold Out
- Unit Price
- per
The Sacred Land is a five panel hat, giving streetwear & headwear game, a new meaning. The Sacred Land hat is about connection to our sacred lands from over 60,000 years. With the embroidered logo with the powerful message of First Nations survival 'since the first sunrise'. Together let's conserve, sustain and protect the sacred land of First Nation Australians.
- **Ally-Friendly**
- Ships within 1-2 weeksJan 14, 2021, 08:30 ET
WILMINGTON, Del., Jan. 14, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- Zip Code Wilmington, a nationally recognized nonprofit software developer training program in Wilmington, D.E., today announced a milestone in its strategic collaboration with JPMorgan Chase to help Delaware job seekers reskill into the technology field and secure full-time employment after completing the 12-week coding bootcamp.
In 2020, a pandemic year, JPMorgan Chase hired more than 30 Zip Code Wilmington graduates. These graduates had tuition reimbursement covered by the Delaware Governor's Executive Order 43, Rapid Workforce Training and Redeployment Initiative, which permits the use of federal CARES Act funding to cover employment and training programs for employees impacted by the COVID-19 public health emergency. This initiative significantly reduces tuition owed by these students.
"We work with several coding bootcamps and reskilling programs throughout the country and Zip Code Wilmington is a great example of how our strategic collaboration is giving Delaware residents jobs now while increasing their career opportunities and earning potential for life," said Jennifer McDermott, Global Technology Reskilling Lead, JPMorgan Chase. "We look forward to hiring more Zip Code graduates because they possess strong technical skills as well as soft skills that make them excellent team members."
The Zip Code Wilmington graduates hired by JPMorgan Chase come from diverse backgrounds and have varying career experience. For instance, several recent hires reskilled from customer service roles as casino dealers, restaurant servers, legal support and sales. Other hires previously worked in the engineering, drafting and research fields. Today, these individuals are software engineers at JPMorgan Chase in Delaware.
"It is inspiring to watch a diverse group of Zip Coders – 25 percent who are women and another 25 percent are those who are underrepresented in the tech industry – consistently and tirelessly work with a singular focus for 12 straight weeks because they know the 80+ hours a week of curriculum and projects will secure their livelihood, create stability for their families, and expand their careers," commented Desa Burton, Executive Director, Zip Code Wilmington.
"We can all see how code builds communities because these individuals choose to live, work and raise their families right here in Delaware. We are thrilled to work with JPMorgan Chase to help Zip Coders gain full-time employment in Delaware, and we hope to continue our long-standing relationship with the company to identify new career opportunities for future cohort graduates," continued Burton.
Zip Code Wilmington's training program offers two course tracks, including full-stack Java development with Spring Boot, Angular and MySQL as well as Data Engineering and Analytics based on Python, R, and SQL. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Zip Code Wilmington continues to train multiple cohorts of new students. All training is safely conducted utilizing live remote instruction and asynchronous project development with online developer platform tools.
To learn more about Zip Code Wilmington, how to become a corporate partner and its next cohort, please visit.
About Zip Code Wilmington. Founded in 2015 by Benjamin duPont (Co-founder), the program has more than 400 alumni. To learn more about Zip Code Wilmington, please visit.
About JPMorgan Chase & Co.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Zip Code Wilmington
Related Links
Explore
More news releases in similar topics
Share this articleThe rolling saga that is security checks for people attending Liberal Democrat conference has generated a lot of heat, some light – and a fair degree of confusion. So this post is my attempt to untangle the main aspects of the story, which really fall into three sections: the principle of the checks, the way the checks have been communicated and the way the checks have in practice been carried out.
In theory, the principle of whether or not the Liberal Democrat conference organisers should have agreed to the police’s request for extra security checks on attendees for the autumn conference is a fairly clear one for people to chew over.
Poor communications
However, it has been muddled by communications that have at times been unclear or even completely absent. From checking with people involved in the last few days, it seems clear to me that the party’s Federal Conference Committee is retaining the final say over who does or does not come to party conference but it’s very easy to understand why many people have come away with a different impression given some of the ways the process has been described up to now. Even the emails sent out after people have been accredited are rather a missed opportunity, as I highlighted a few days ago (though to their credit the conference team are now looking at changing the wording of that email).
What also has not helped is the lack of communication about when people can expect to hear the outcome of their security checks.
The bald numbers don’t sound too bad. As of the Wednesday evening 4,773 had been through the process and accredited. 841 were being processed, with that number expected to fall to under 500 by the end of the weekend. [Update: for more recent figures see here.]
But until you get an email saying you are through or with a query, you have faced silence.
People who registered back in January and whose surnames are low in the alphabet are in the 841 and understandably silence breeds concern, nervousness and lack of confidence in the system. It also has a slightly nasty twist for access to conference, as broadly speaking the later you find out for sure if you can go to conference, the more expensive accommodation or travel is to book. For better off people either you risk it and book in advance or you take the hit of the higher costs. But if you struggle to meet the costs of conference, then you face a tough dilemma.
My guess is that if we’d all been told at what speed the process would work in advance, many people would have been far happier – but we shouldn’t forget the impact on the cost of conference for some people who struggle to afford it.
No-one blocked from attending conference so far
Then there is the question of who has not been approved. There’s been lots of chatter online about various people being rejected for conference. The answer from the Federal Conference Committee’s chair, Andrew Wiseman, when I asked him how many had been rejected however was very clear: “zero”. The point being that some people have been asked to clarify information or submit a different photo, but that this is different from being rejected. Being rejected means you can’t go to conference, end of story; being asked something like to provide a different photo means just that – do that, pass the checks and you can go to conference.
Around 60 people have had their photographs queried and a small number of these cases have attracted a lot of attention online. However, rhe request for a clear and shoulders photograph is nothing new. I’ve been to federal party conferences since spring 1990 and as a result have sitting on the shelf to my left 23 conferences of photo badges, complete with head and shoulders photos on them (and, ahem, varying hairstyles).
So the question for me at least is how many of the 60 or so photographs that have been rejected would have also fallen foul of the party’s previous rules, which have been in place without questioning for more than two decades?
Certainly some. Two examples I’ve been told of are one person who submitted a “head and shoulders” photograph that actually showed two people. It would not have met the party’s old rules. Another was a photo so tiny that it too would have failed the old rules.
There are also signs that not all the photo issues are of this nature. In particular, the conference team has introduced an extra manual check to see if photos can be sorted out (e.g. by cropping) before being rejected. That is a a good move, but suggests that if had been done from the start things would have gone a little better. Callum Leslie’s experience also suggests a fallible system.
(My previous request to people who have had their photos queried to supply copies of the photos so we can all see how reasonable or not the queries are still stands by the way. If you’re in that category please do get in touch and I’ll update this post with any other specific examples.)
Three opportunities to influence the future
So, in conclusion – it is easy to see how the operation and communication of the system could and should have been better.
If you have not yet heard about your own security check, that does not mean anything has gone wrong and you should hear soon. The official expectation from Andrew Wiseman is that “For those who had registered by last Monday and where there are no queries I would expect them to be accredited by next weekend”.
Some of the claims about people being rejected are misleading, both because they have not been blocked from coming to conference, but rather asked to change or add to their application, and also because in at least some cases the people involved submitted photos that would have always been rejected by the party in earlier years.
That still however leaves quite a lot to debate and decide on ahead of future conferences, especially given cases such as Lisa’s (including a comment from Andrew Wiseman in the thread underneath) and the information that Zoe O’Connell secured via a freedom of information request (note how late in the day the police were leaving working out how their system would work). [Update: For more on some of these problems, see here.]
On which point there are three dates to bear in mind:
- 1pm Monday is the deadline for submitting written questions to the Federal Conference Committee report
- Saturday 17th, 14:40 is the Conference Committee report to conference
- Sunday 18th, 09:00 is the debate on a motion about conference accreditation
Forget bad communication, how about bad planning and timing? Why is it taking so long to accredit people? Have there been unexpected delays in the accrediation process, or did the police just leave it far too late to begin accrediting?
The official expectation from Andrew Wiseman is that “For those who had registered by last Monday and where there are no queries I would expect them to be accredited by next weekend”.
That’s ridiculous. I’m one of those who haven’t heard yet, perhaps because my surname starts with W. I registered as soon as registration opened, and I have no criminal record, so accreditation ought to be fairly straightforward. Cost is an issue for me at the moment because of family illness that requires me to travel to assist with caring responsibilties; I’d already decided not to attend for the whole week, but am undecided as to whether or not to try to make it for the Sunday. I also have childcare responsibilties and an adult child starting university that weekend, all of which complicates the logistical arrangements. It’s in no way satisfactory that I should have to wait until the weekend before Conference starts to know whether or not I am accredited. The whole system seems to discriminate – however indirectly – against people who have limited financial resources, who have caring or childcare responsibilties, or – as Spiderplant has discovered – against people who have suffered violence in their homes. I hardly need to point out that all of these categories contain a disproportionate number of women, and at least one of them is likely to contain a disproportionate number of BME members. It really is entirely unacceptable and is severely eroding my goodwill towards the party and my willingness to campaign for it.
I shall be submitting a piece of my own in the next day or two, and will continue to comment on my own website about this appalling situation. I am also tabling an amendment that will strengthen the accreditation motion and send a clearer message what the Party will not tolerate in future.
Mark, as a party loyalist, paints a picture that highlights a number of rightful criticisms, in particular the exposure of staff due to a lamentable lack of communication. However, he misses a number of others. I’m also not convinced that all the information Mark’s been fed is 100% accurate. Certainly I’ve heard nothing further back a week after submitting a second ‘compliant’ photo; and the ‘appeal’ process has been set up and is not resulting in a major unblocking of the system.
One message that doesn need to be got across is: don’t blame the Conference Office staff. They didn’t inflict this nonsense on the Party, but are taking undeserved flak at what is the busiest time of the year for them. They are under considerable pressure and I don’t think they can be asked to take up all the individual cases outstanding.
Mark Thompson has posted a thoughtful piece at. He rightly compares this issue to the campaign against ID cards and the database state. Politicians (of all parties) should practice what we preach. The apparent caving in to a police force that appears to be out of control in its interference with the internal processes of a political party is totally unacceptable – on every level.
Liz is right to point out the discrimination in the system.
My photo was queried as it was black and white. When I suggested they could use the photo that was taken by them at Liverpool conference last year, I have gone two and a half weeks without a reply! The staff are certainly displaying incompetence, even if they are not to blame in the first place.
There are 5614 applications for conference?!! I’d better get there early if I want to get in.
Callum, to be fair, I think they are being swamped. They’re the messengers; it appears to be GMP running the process.
@callum did you fail to read the instructions which said the photo had to be in colour?
I still don’t see why all the applications done online could not have been started as soon as they were received.
It would be logical to spend the time on ones which were more fiddly.
I took my Passport to Sheffield on the off chance it would help with security and never used it.I just queued!
I am impressed that Mark got different photos accepted and used. I sent fresh photos and had passes with very old photos every time.
Good point Gareth about party staff. If, as seems the case, Conference Office staff have got too much work to do for the number of bodies they have, then we should be understanding about the situation individual members of staff are in.
Probably doesn’t help that Conference staff have had to move office in the middle of this.
Simon, what I did was tick the box which said I had already submitted a photo, assuming that meant the photo that they took in Liverpool, which they have yet to answer why they won’t use.
I also don’t see why black and white is not acceptable and asked for clarification on this point, which they have completely ignored. Phone calls have been batted away, and promises of being called or emailed back have gone unfulfilled. I have now taken a photo on my dodgy camera phone and sent it to them purely because I can’t risk waiting any longer!
I have always been understanding of conference staff issues and they are not in any way to blame for the new regs, but they draft in extra staff from every other department for conference, including taking Liberal Youth’s only staff member, and yet still can’t respond to emails in almost ten days. With two weeks to go until conference, that is not acceptable, and we should demand better.
Question – knowing the increased workload this new system would bring did the federal party increase the number of staff working in the conference office – even roping in volunteers add extra manpower? I suspect not.
With what money Lloyd?
Conference Committee is partly at fault for failing to stick their heads up above the parapet and deal with the communications, but that is nothing compared to the grossly wrong decision of inflicting this system on the party.
By the way, Conference Committee meets next Saturday and will presumably spend considerable time dealing with all the screw-ups – so now is a good time to get onto the case of the FCC member/s near you.
@Callum Leslie
“what I did was tick the box which said I had already submitted a photo, assuming that meant the photo that they took in Liverpool”
“I also don’t see why black and white is not acceptable and asked for clarification on this point”
“The staff are certainly displaying incompetence, even if they are not to blame in the first place”
Callum, wouldn’t it be easier to just follow the instructions, which I thought were fairly clear?
Then even if the staff were incompetent it wouldn’t really matter.
Could I suggest we set up a fund to help any members in difficulty because of this process. Perhaps some of the people who took the original decisions which led to the problems could be asked to contribute.
My surname begins with ‘B’ so not sure why I haven’t heard anything yet. My photograph is the same one that I successfully used for a new passport earlier this year. I have been waiting to book train tickets and have seen the prices rise.
I have also been unable to book my daughter on at the reduced rate as the web site says I must first contact Conference Office, who are not responding.
This is all just so frustrating.
Surely people know by now that pretty much all hotels allow cancellation upto at least 24 hrs before and the major one’s midday on the day of arrival. This negates any worry over booking in advance whilst not knowing whether you have been accredited or not.
@Gareth hence my call to use unpaid volunteers. Yes I know many can’t help 9-5 Mon-Fri but any help at any time would surly help in peaks of work. I have never seen an ad in Lib Dem News asking for volunteers to help out at HQ.
Gareth Epps, with all due respect, why haven’t you published the photo you originally submitted so that people can judge for themselves whether the decision to ask you to submit another was justified or not?
I think rejected photos really not something any contributor is qualified to judge but is something for FCC not only to explain but to justify. They have done a very poor job at both. Let’s put the blame for this debacle firmly where it lies.
Hey I’ve been rejected for conference and have a letter from Chris Fox to prove it.
According to him I’m suspended as a party member for a 14-week period starting on June 15th covering the date of conference.
However curiously, the Liberal Democrats won’t tell me who or what caused this suspension? Strange eh? Made a Data Protection Act request on the 4th June (’twas ignore for 40 days), followed it up with a letter giving another 14 days and got a partial record. That’s why I’ve filed a case in the local County Court as the party seems unable to give me access to or a copy of records it holds on me!
I’ve been through accreditation, I’ve paid, but they won’t let me register for September conference despite being a party member! I suppose I’ll find out more on Tuesday 6th September as the local party has a constituency executive meeting.
As a conference rep for my local party, they’ll be concerned if they have to find a substitute at short notice, but yes some of us pass accreditation but are excluded from conference, strange eh?
It does all seem to be a complete shambles. I know learn that I can’t just turn up and register as I often do if I decide I can’t keep away in spite of firm resolutions never to go again. I can turn up but will then have to wait 48 hours for a check by GM police.
So I can wander in and out of the parliamentary estate at will but not a LD conference.
This whole thing is a disgrace and seems to have been compounded by the kind of inefficiency and incompetence we have come to expect will come out of party HQ from time to time.
I have two specific questions. What’s this about the party not accepting cheques any more? Surely this is not true?
And why is this in the hands of Greater Manchester police which is known as one of the least competent forces in the country?
Tony Greaves
@ John Brace – perhaps it has something to do with this:
“So I can wander in and out of the parliamentary estate at will but not a LD conference.
Most of which needs a pass though. Though I do think its a bit silly that people who are security cleared to work in Parliament need a seperate clearance to attend conference.
Much of the above discussion is about the inefficient operation of the accreditation FCC.
My passport does, of course, have a photo attached – it’s just out of date. I have no other photo ID.
This is pure incompetence on the part of the people who designed the system. When I was asked for a passport number, at no point did it request that the passport be current. If it is impossible to accredit someone with an expired passport, then current should have been included as the criteria.
I am now massively inconvenienced because of this incompetence, and there is ZERO information on the party website about late accreditation.
I realise this issue is splitting opinion and has some complexities for certain individuals, but it’s frustrating to see that some members seem to want lower professional standards of the party than they would accept for any other organisation.
Would anybody, for example, submit a black and white photo for a new passport and then pick an argument with the passport office about whether their policy on colour photos is correct? And if you did, could you then reasonably complain when you missed your flight without a valid passport?
On which note, I also don’t take the point that you can’t book for conference until you’ve been security cleared. Unless you have a very dodgy past, you know you will be cleared and can book accordingly in anticipation of receiving your pass. To return to the passport analogy, many people book a holidy 6-12 months in advance and renew their passport in the interim without bother.
Statistically there is more chance not making conference through illness rather than because you don’t get security cleared. I doubt however that many people wait until the last minute to book up just in case they feel a runny nose coming on the week beforehand.
Fundamentally, there is no reason whatsoever why you should have to give your passport details to the police in order to attend Conference as a party member. End of.
(It seems that the paranoid Blairite nonsense has taken passport bureaucracy to ridiculous extremes since the last time I had to renew mine). I don’t know who William Summers is but he seems to subscribe to this sort of rubbish.
For some reason, perhaps because of my discontent with the party’s direction these days, my comments seem prone to deletion – but isn’t this all symptomatic now of a party which has lost its way so completely that it doesn’t know what it’s doing?
Hm. I’d not even thought about it until now… I just sent the documentation/photo they asked for months ago and assumed it would be ok!
Cheers for the scaremongering!
I’ve had no problems. The information was sent as asked, It did not seem a complicated process. Sat back ,didn’t think about it again and like magic everything required dropped through my door last week. I would like to thank all involved for doing such good work, including the police.
I wasn’t sure where I was staying but last week looked on laterooms.com and found a 3 star hotel 3.7 miles away for £25 pounds a night. I can’t imagine things going better. Perhaps people should not be looking at the organization perhaps they should be looking at themselves.Introduction
With the LMS365 course creator and learning module builder, course admins can create different types of courses following a simple process.
This article describes how to create courses in LMS365, where to start, and how to properly fill in each field for each course type in the course creation process.
Scroll the article or watch the video below (more details are included in the article).
Where to create courses
To create a course, go to the LMS365 Admin Center > select Course List and choose the + Create Training command.
This will open a panel that will guide you through each step of the course creation process in a flow that intuitively takes you through all settings - Basic details, Sessions, Content, Settings, People.
The Create Training panel
The Create Training panel consists of the following sections:
- Basic Details
- Sessions - this section is only available for the Classroom & Blended Training and Webinar course types.
- Content
- Settings - this section includes additional fields for the Classroom & Blended Training and Webinar course types.
- People, you fill out elemental information about the training. Fields marked with an asterisk * are required.
First, select the type of the course by selecting the relevant icon: e-Learning, Classroom & Blended, or Webinar.
- e-Learning – is the course type used to build comprehensive online training using all available course tools. Learners enrolled into an e-learning course can conduct it anywhere anytime at their individual pace, retake courses, pass quizzes, and so forth.
- Classroom & Blended – is a session based course type that allows for in-real-time online sessions as well as for sessions that require physical presence on a set location.
- Webinar – is a session based course type that allows for in-real-time online sessions.
Sessions Configuration - These fields are only available for the Classroom & Blended Training and Webinar course types.
- Enrollment Type - Decide if learners should enroll into only one session or all sessions in this course by selecting an enrollment type from the drop-down list:
- Enroll user into a single course session - Learners will only be able to participate in one of the available sessions in the course. In order to complete the enrollment into the course, the learner will need to select a specific session to join.
- Enroll user into all course sessions - Learners will be enrolled into all sessions of the course.
If you select Enroll user into all course sessions, additional fields will be available:
- Maximum Attendees - Allows you to set a maximum number of attendees for this course.
- Enrollment Deadline - Allows you to set a time and date for enrollment deadline. Please find more details on the Enrollment Deadline option here.
- Minimum Attendance for Completion - In the drop-down menu, select the minimum attendance percentage in the sessions required to mark the course as completed.
Name - The name you give the course will be visible throughout the course catalog, on the course home page, site cannot use the characters " # % & * : < > ? \ / { | } ~ [ ] ` ' ^ and space in a site address. You cannot start a site address with an underscore. Periods are not allowed consecutively in the middle of a site address. You cannot start or end a site address with a period."
You can copy the web address by selecting the copy icon at the end of the web address field. The web address will be saved to clipboard.
Short Description - Provide a short description of the course in this field. The short description will be displayed in the course catalog list view and in the appropriate training notifications. The field can be extended in the bottom right corner so it's more convenient for you to work with the text.
After you switch to another section or close the creation/editing panel - the Short Description field will automatically revert to its original size.
Long Description - It's optional to give a long description. For the training without any category set, on the course catalog page, filtering by No Category is available.
Please find information on how to manage categories in this article.
Tags - Allows you to add keywords to the course and enrich and control the search experience. When learners search for these keywords in the course catalog, the course will appear as a search result.
Please a duration of the course. Examples could be: "app. 2 hours" or "three sessions of 90 mins. each". The duration will be displayed on the course home page and on course catalog training card.
Thumbnail Image - This image will be used in the preview of the course in the course catalog, on My Training Dashboard, and on the course home page.
To insert a thumbnail image, select Choose Image, choose one of the uploaded files, or upload a new image from your computer by selecting Upload. If you upload your own image, we recommend that dimensions are minimum 200x200 pixels.
You can delete selected images by selecting Delete or discard changes selecting Cancel.
Sessions
The Sessions section is only available for the Classroom & Blended and Webinar course types.
In this section, you create sessions for the course.
To create a session, select +Create New Course Session. On the Create New Course Session panel, fill out the fields.
Please find the instructions on how to create sessions here.
Content
In the Content section, you add and manage course content.
To add content to a course, select + Add Learning Item.
In the drop-down menu, select the type of learning item you would like to add:
- Content Package.
- Quiz.
- Create Learning Module - the action is disabled during course creation.
- External App.
Please see this guide to find more details about how to add and manage content.
Added. Please. This setting can be changed after the course is created. Please find more information on course completion in this article.
Progress - During course creation, the progress bar is grey. When the course is created, it will reflect learners progress on the particular learning item.
Prerequisites - Admins can set prerequisites by locking learning items for the learners until all preceding learning elements have been completed. This allows the admin to control the order in which learners go through the course content. To set prerequisites, select the lock icon. More information on the prerequisites is in the article Managing Course Content.
By default, the order of learning items corresponds to the order they were added to the course.
To reorder the learning items, drag and drop them.
The learning item order and prerequisites will be reflected on the course home page.
Settings
Under Settings, general training settings like enrollment flow, certificates, and competencies are configured. The fields in this section depend on the course type you are creating.
Enrollment flow
Enrollment Flow - Allows you to configure the flow of enrollment.
- With Automatic Approval, the system automatically approves the enrollment when a user enrolls into the course. Automatic Approval is set by default.
- Line Manager Approval will send the user's enrollment request to the user’s line manager who must approve or reject the enrollment. The line manager for a user is specified in Azure Active Directory.
- Administrator Approval will require the user's enrollment request to be approved or rejected by the LMS administrator.
When an enrollment flow, that requires approval, is selected for a course, the learner will see the status Pending Approval on the course home page after sending the enrollment request.
The user can cancel the enrollment before the request is approved or rejected by selecting Cancel Enrollment in the course Information section. A cancellation message is required.
On the Approve Enrollments page, the line manager or LMS administrator will see cancelled requests with their cancellation messages.
See this article for more information on how learners enroll into courses.
Continuing Education Units
Continuing Education Units - Allows you to grant learners CEUs for completing the course. Enter a positive integer or decimal value (maximum 2 digits after the decimal point or comma) in this field to apply CEU to the course.
Show in Course Catalog
Show in Course Catalog - Allows you to control whether the course is displayed in the course catalog. It is turned on by default.
If this toggle is not enabled, the course will not be visible on the course catalog page and will only be available for learners via direct link, for example, from the enrollment notification.
In the Course List, admins will see a closed eye icon
next to the course. competency is still valid. So this Voluntary Retake option allows learners to retake training in order to repeat the material of the course, improve their score, and/or update certificates and competencies that are to expire. By default this option is turned on.
Please see this guide for more detailed information on how this option is used and affects the training functionality.
Show as Mandatory
Show as Mandatory - When enabled, this option will mark the course as Mandatory on the training card on My Training Dashboard. Also, learners can find this course by filtering by Mandatory from My Training Dashboard.
In reports, a course set as required will have a corresponding mark in the Course Requirement column.
Training Audience Targeting
Training Audience Targeting - This option allows to add the users who can have access and take this course in the course catalog.
When the toggle is enabled, the Target Audience field appears. Here, you can specify individual users or AD/Office 365 groups to add to the target audience of the course. Only the targeted audience is able to take this course. You can enter max. 50 users or 1,500 symbols at a time as a comma or semicolon separated list. Targeted users will be added to the Visitors group of the training.
Due Date
When you enable the Due Date option, you can set a date and time for when the course must be completed by the enrolled learners. By default, this option is disabled.
When you enable the option, the Set Due Date field appears. This field offers two options:
- number of days after enrollment enables you to base the due date on when the specific learner was enrolled into the course. Here, you specify a specific numbers of days after enrollment for when the due date for the course is reached.
- a fixed date allows you to specify the exact date and time for the due date.
Session Options
This subsection is only available for courses of the Classroom & Blended Training and Webinar types.
Waiting List - This option makes it possible for learners to get on a waiting list when there are no available places in the course sessions. Learners will be enrolled automatically from the waiting list, when a place becomes vacant.
This video tutorial will show you how to use waiting lists and sessions requests in LMS365.
Request for sessions - This option enables learners to send requests for new sessions to the administrator of the training via the training home page.
This video tutorial will show you how to use waiting lists and sessions requests in LMS365..
Competency
Competency - If you would like to grant leaners a competency when they have completed the training, enable the Competency option. When enabled, the Competencies field appears. From here, you can find and select the competency(ies) you want to use for this training in the drop-down list.
If you want the competencies for the training to expire at a certain point in time, you can enable the Competency Revocation option. The Set Revocation Date as field will appear and allow you to specify for how long you want an achieved competency to be valid. It offers two options:
- number of days after completion enables you to base the revocation date on when the specific learner completed the course. Here, you specify a specific number of days after completion for when the competency will be revoked.
- a fixed date allows you to specify the exact date and time for the competency will be revoked.
People
In the People section, you can enroll new learners into the course and manage enrolled learners and course administrators.
The Learners tab options depend on the type of the course you are creating: e-Learning, Classroom & Blended Training, or Webinar.
The Administrators tab has the same options for all course types.
Learners
In the Learners tab, you can enroll and manage learners.
To enroll learners into a course of the e-Learning type and the session based course types with the enrollment type Enroll user into all course sessions:
When you select the People section, by default, the Learners tab will be opened for you to enroll learners.
To enroll learners into the course, select the +Enroll Learners command and enter the name(s), Active Directory group(s), Microsoft 365 group(s), email-enabled security group(s), or Security group(s) of the learner(s) you would like to enroll.
You can’t add the Everyone and Everyone except external users groups.
When ready, select Enroll.
The added learners will be listed in the Enrolled Learners column.
To enroll learners into a course of the session based course types with the enrollment type Enroll user into a single course session:
When you select the Learners tab, there will be no possibility to enroll learners under this column and you will be informed that It's a session based training and referred by a link to go to the individual session to manage learners. Following the link, you will be directed to the Sessions section from where you can enroll learners into individual sessions.
For learners that are enrolled into a course of the e-Learning type and the session based course types with the enrollment type Enroll user into all course sessions, you will see columns with the learners' data in the Enrolled Learners tab. user's name, email, or department, you will see a list of learners whose data matches the given search parameters.
For enrolled learners, you have a selection of managing options available.
Send Email Message - To send an email message to learners, select the learner(s) you want to send the message to, fill out the required Subject and Message fields and send the message. You can edit or delete all information in the Message field if needed.
By default, a link to the course home page will be inserted at the bottom of the message.
2) Unenroll - To unenroll learners, select the learner(s) you want to unenroll from the course.
Administrators
In the Administrators tab, you can add and manage course administrators.
To add administrators to the course, select the + Add Administrator(s) command and enter the name(s), Active Directory group(s), Microsoft 365 group(s), email-enabled security group(s), or Security group(s) of the user(s) you want to make and administrator of the course in question.
You can’t add the Everyone and Everyone except external users groups. When ready, select Add.
For added administrators, you will see columns with the administrators' data.
Name - Shows the administrators' names as they are stated in the user accounts in Azure Active Directory. By default, the added administrators are presented in alphabetical order based on their first name.
Username - Will shows the email addresses of the administrators as they are stated in the user accounts in Azure Active Directory.
Department - Shows users' departments taken from the user accounts in Active Directory.
Show On Course Page - Shows whether the administrator is shown user's name, email, or department, you will see a list of administrators whose data matches the given search parameters.
To unassign administrator(s), select the relevant administrator(s) from the list and on the actions panel select Unassign.
Configuring the publishing of the course
In the bottom right corner on the creation page, you can configure the publishing of the course.
Per default, the course will be unpublished. Select the collapse/expand button to open the publishing panel and manage the publishing date.
Enable the Publish toggle to configure the publishing settings. After the toggle is enabled, the start date and time are automatically filled out with the current date and time and the expected training status will be changed to published.
You can change the date and time in accordance a disabled Publish toggle.
- Scheduled - for the course with a future start date and time.
- Ended - for the course with a past start or past end dates and time.
- Published - for the course with the Publish toggle enabled and appropriate Start Date and End Date and time set.
At any time, you can change the publish status of the course by either:
- Dragging the Publish toggle to publish or unpublish the course.
- Expand the Publish area and change the start and/or end dates of your course.
Provisioning the course and saving your settings
To create the course and save your configurations, select the Create command.
The Create command will expand once selected and allow you to either create the course or create the course and close the Create Training panel.
Create - Selecting Create will keep the creation panel open and allow you to continue working with the course settings and content while the course is provisioning.
Create & Close - Selecting Create & Close will close the creation panel, but the course will still be provisioned in the background. You will be redirected to the Course List of the LMS365 Admin Center.
After the Create or Create & Close command is selected, you will be informed about the creation of the course and its progress. The spinning wheel near the course indicates that the course is still being created. By selecting it, you will see the provisioning status.
You can select Course Provisioning to see the list of courses under creation.
After the course is created, the Create command changes name to Save and can now be used to save changes made to the course settings.
For a guide on how to edit, manage, and delete courses, please see this article.
Article is closed for comments.Stumbled, as you do, across this on the sound cloud page, strictly speaking following a wandering off and making a coffee moment whilst listening to a completely different track and leaving the playlist selection list running on its own accord. Now I understand that by posting this I’ll no doubt get a deluge of complaints from clever folk sniggering as how I’ve never heard this before and that it was their bedroom listening in 1978 as they watched rain drip through the ceiling whilst surviving on a tin of soup a week and making paper mache bomb shelters from copies of the red star in perceived advance of some cold war assault (in fact the more I play the more I’m suspecting it is a lost relic from yesteryear). Really you kids today don’t know how hard it was, agreed a persistent diet of reality TV and concerning yourself that your shoes match your hair are the teen woes that dreams are made of but hey nobody ever forced you to wear starry tank tops and cut your hair with a set rule so stand down. Anyway the cause of all this malcontent or should that be discontent is this little gem, a demo by Hard Bodies entitled ‘getaway’ whose ice cold sparsely wired post punk cold wave textures sound to these ears like a lost Passage recording under the influence of a seriously distant Joy Division and something we wager ought by rights to be on the radar of all those whose minimalist pop barometer swings minimally to the sparse sounds eked out by those polytechnic youth and weird imprint dudes.
-Webcast (2016)
Starring Samantha Redford, Joseph Tremain, Nicola Wright
Directed by Paul McGhie
With the massive worldwide success of The Blair Witch Project in 1999, the horror industry began to take major note of the found footage sub-genre, both as a viable medium through which major profits could be made and as a vehicle for telling horror stories in a genuinely novel way. As we sit here 17 years later, the latter of those functions holds less true for many horror fans who have over and again voiced opinions that the sub-genre has grown lazy and hackneyed, due in large part to the overabundance of less-than-quality films it has produced in almost two decades.
That’s not to say that genuinely effective or just outright fun found footage films are no longer being made; for every few Paranormal Entity-level entries, there is a refreshing alternative in the form of The Bay or Banshee Chapter.
So, where does this put Webcast, the feature-length found footage debut from London-based director Paul McGhie? Luckily, on the right side of that spectrum.
Set in UK suburbia, Webcast follows students Chloe (Redford) and her best friend, Ed (Tremain), as they are making a documentary about Chloe’s family–or, more specifically, the unsolved mystery of her Aunt Amelia’s disappearance many years before in the same neighborhood. When they are witness to a frantic and frightened girl appearing to escape from Chloe’s next-door neighbor’s house, only to be quickly dragged back inside again, things take a chilling turn. Even though Chloe and Ed are told that the girl is actually a recovering drug addict, the two filmmakers are convinced that there is something more to the story. As Chloe and Ed begin to surveil their neighbors, digging deeper for the truth behind Amelia’s disappearance and the girl next door, they ultimately find themselves uncovering a darker secret than they could have ever imagined–all of which culminates on a live webcast that will change everything for the both of them.
I came across Webcast by chance in a sea of Twitter posts from horror filmmakers working tirelessly to get their films seen. As an avid found footage horror fan who has sat through the worst of the worst and the best of the best alike, I am always excited to check out a new entry in the sub-genre, particularly when the story itself strikes me as believable–a quality that tends to really elevate films like this. I was particularly drawn to Webcast‘s premise due to its chilling parallels to a very recent conspiracy theory of sorts about a YouTuber named Marina Joyce; after coming across very strangely in a few videos, concerned viewers began to suspect that Joyce was actually being held against her will and attempting to signal for help. One avid viewer even went so far as to purportedly hunt down Joyce’s address and host a live webcast via Periscope in which they were attempting to find out the truth about her current state.
While the chilling theories about Joyce were ultimately debunked (you can read all about how that convoluted, but fascinating story played out here), the truth remains that there are indeed people out there who are willing to use amateur sleuthing skills to solve mysteries and potentially put themselves in danger, while simultaneously broadcasting their endeavors in realtime for the world to see. Like 2010’s Catfish, McGhie’s film (written before the Joyce story played out, mind you) channels this general idea to feature length, albeit in a much more traditional sense for the horror genre. The independently funded Webcast proves to be an engaging and often spooky effort, though at times suffering from pacing issues and the inherent drawbacks of its filming style.
Though Paranormal Activity and The Blair Witch Project are going to be obvious comparisons for many, McGhie’s film more specifically reminded me of something along the lines of Lake Mungo in its rather subdued approach that focuses on first building relationships before slowly increasing the tension. From the get-go, McGhie succeeds in conveying the dynamics of Chloe and Ed’s friendship, which feels very authentic thanks to convincing chemistry between charismatic stars Redford and Tremain, who seem right at home with each other here. Even in the film’s more unevenly paced sections, the developments in Chloe and Ed’s will-they-or-won’t-they relationship remained as intriguing for me as the mystery itself. I found myself rooting for these characters far more than I tend to in these types of films because I ultimately believed them to be likable people who also genuinely liked each other.
That’s not to say that the underlying mystery is not engaging all on its own; McGhie channels a markedly paced sense of mystery as we are introduced to Amelia’s story via Chloe’s interviews with her old friends, neighbors, and family members, learning more about her and the theories surrounding the truth of her disappearance. The slow build accompanying the examination of the unsolved case is significantly ramped up once Chloe and Ed encounter the frantic girl next door and the tale shifts to bring them deeper into their own mystery.
Though McGhie succeeds in setting up effective groundwork for Chloe and Ed’s amateur sleuthing and suspicion of the neighbors, the story does stall some once they begin surveillance. While competently executed, McGhie’s approach to the familiar Rear Window-style device does not necessarily bring much new to the table; it is complete with familiar moments of characters snooping around in places they don’t belong, fruitless reports to the authorities, and expected close calls. Though these elements of the film may not put off casual viewers, the found footage medium itself may prove more problematic in that regard. In a few of the more fast-paced sequences, viewers are subjected to a number of dizzying camera movements and auto-focusing shots that at times seem to sacrifice clarity, though admittedly that is what most come to expect when viewing a film of this nature.
Despite these trouble areas in the middle of the story, there is a peculiar energy to Webcast‘s frenetic finale that serves in bringing the film home in a way that is truly disquieting. The manner in which the last couple of scenes unfold narratively lends a rather zany air to the movie that I was not at all expecting; as the final moments leave viewers with some very striking questions, the film is ultimately just the right kind of off-putting as well. The story does not feel incomplete by the time the credits roll, however, but rather open to a number of fascinating interpretations, which I can always appreciate.
Though Webcast treads well-worn territory at times, it ultimately engages by morphing into an effectively spooky nod to classic films like The Wicker Man through the found footage lens. Despite some technical and pacing issues, the film is ultimately upheld by its lead characters’ genuine on-screen chemistry and a chilling and spirited take on a familiar angle. It does not reinvent the wheel, but Webcast is a very solid effort that proves there is still a wealth of untapped, independent filmmaking talent that deserves support in the genre, as well as lending credence to the idea that there are also still engaging horror stories to be told through the found footage medium.Keenly qualified, with experience at all levels, our team is comprised of energetic, highly skilled experts who operate and flourish in collaborative and fast-paced environments. We combine technological know-how with powerful gut instincts that can only originate from extensive experience and a true passion for what we do.
We work with you to identify your specific and individual challenges, opportunities, culture and resources. We are able to implement the industry’s most robust compliance programs or offer components specifically tailored to your business and process needs; allowing you to add services over time and as your needs change or expand. In short, we treat your business as our own; sharing ideas, processes and technology. We measure our success based on your outcomes.
Now more than ever, a one-size-fits-all approach to managing HCP interactions is unlikely to meet organizational needs, potentially leaving gaps in processes and resulting business intelligence.
We have thoughtfully developed web-based solutions, applications and portals that are sophisticated, sustainable and intuitive, transforming complex processes into user-friendly experiences.
Smart and flexible solutions allow our clients to execute agreements with ease and provide peace of mind that actions and documents associated with these transactions are in compliance with corporate directives, federal guidelines, privacy restrictions and other mandates. By anticipating the unique marketing and compliance challenges you face every day, we proactively strive to integrate education, science and technology into intelligent, e-solutions for our clients.
Founded in 2001, our team is a blend of independent thinkers, with diverse backgrounds and education, who are driven to provide our clients a mix of shrewd concepts and inspired ideas. Our deep understanding and knowledge of the global pharmaceutical and life sciences industries uniquely positioned us to prepare our clients for the future, while attending to and accomplishing today’s tasks. Anticipating updated compliance or reporting requirements, exploring new technology solutions, and keeping one step ahead of the curve has been the key to our continued growth and success.
From our first Speaker Resource library and one box of printed HCP contracts to our multi-channel, fully integrated compliance platform and custom CRM database, we have not only kept pace with evolving compliance needs and technological advances; we have charted new territories, developing innovative solutions that ultimately enable our clients to operate their businesses more effectively and efficiently — today and into the future.Visit Pelion Greece
Detailed.
During Spring, nature flourishes in this fertile soil like nowhere else. In Autumn, an unbelievable colour palette of orange and red hues unfolds before your eyes. Pathways, old churches and traditional houses are covered with snow during Winter..
Mount Pelion took its name from the mythical king Peleus, father of Achilles. It is the homeland of Chiron the Centaur, tutor of the ancient Greek heroes Jason, Achilles, Theseus and Heracles.
Mount Pelion took its name from the mythical king Peleus, father of Achilles. It is the homeland of Chiron the Centaur, tutor of the ancient Greek heroes Jason, Achilles, Theseus and Heracles.
.The dark face of America's religions fanaticism is finally coming into the light of day. To get a look at America's own Taliban, check out this article from al Jazeera. Also check here and here..
It reminds me of this warning from Chris Hedges in his eye-opening book, "American Fascists":."
2 comments:
Wow, do you really believe that shit? You actually are going to refer to ANYTHING as 'America's Fundamentalist Taliban'?
Do you even know a single fucking thing about the Taliban, what they have done, how many people they have killed (and I mean in their own country) or how their mujahadeen was able to fight through and make it almost to the capital of Pakistan?
For god's sake man, Al Jazeera is insanely propagandic, pro-sunni wahabbi and anti 'everybody else' in the world. Particularly antiwest, antichristian, antishiite. But then again I checked the links you posted and everything I saw was eye burn propaganda of the most disgusting nature. Hate rhetoric, lies, and championing terrible things because you think that's what 'THEY' are against.
You live in fucking Canada, why are you obsessed with the United States?
Anyway, it's been 2 years since you wrote this absolutely ludicrous bullshit - did the 'american taliban' take anything over yet? Because since that time the ACTUAL Taliban has beheaded 10 yr olds for being 'spies' cut off the ink stained fingers of people who voted in the Afghan election (and their noses & ears, 'executed' several women for adultery or prostitution, permanently maimed and disfigured several girls/women with acid for the crimes of 'walking without male escorts', 'going to school' and 'teaching girls at school' - killed a woman who opened a women's health clinic & also intimidate women from using the clinic, shot a teenage girl in the head (called her a spy because her diary talked about how disgusting they are) you heard about that-they took her to the UK & she survived, took an 11 yr old girl from her widowed mother-gang raped her-then sold her for $2000 & a guard dog, snatched a widowed mother of 3 who dared to be outside without a male family member (she doesn't have one-the taliban killed her husband) and held for for 3 days while up to 50 men gang raped her - upon being released and making her way home she found her 3 children had frozen to death while she was gone (it gets very cold in areas of Afghanistan), a man who had raped his neighbors 10 yr old daughter 'settled the issue' by offering his 7 year old daughter for 'use' by the neighbors family for 2 years - she was treated so insanely bad even the Afghanis couldn't stand it & stormed the home freeing the girl - she was starved, hair pulled out, bones broken, burned, left outside naked for hours at a time, etc. etc.
I would just REALLY wish that STUPID, STUPID people like you who actually have zero knowledge about how bad the things you rally for really are would learn to fucking read something other than liberal shit propaganda.
Because I don't read right wing propaganda, I occasionally read filth like this to understand what it is people think is really true - I get my information almost wholly from international media sources directly from the countries of origin - sometimes released in English or Swedish, sometimes I have to use a translation program - but the information is out there.
I am here to tell you, you are so far gone with lies it hurts my brain.
Sorry Bunhead , but you have a highly selective cognition. Christian fundamentalism is as odious as Muslim fundamentalism. Yes the Taliban have beheaded kids. Your country does it with thousand pound bombs only it kills innocents by the scores of thousands.
How many thousands of Iraqis died needlessly because of your utterly bogus war of aggression? How many Americans were held to account for that? How many Iraqi civilians were butchered in the Haditha massacre? How many Marines were punished? Just one and he cut a deal where he got no jail time.
You don't have to take second place to anyone else in raw butchery. You've turned it into a high-tech art form. Your country did it, repeatedly and without hesitation. You need to wear that. You never do, none of you.
Al Jazeera is propaganda? This coming from someone whose country gave the world FOX News? You're endless shits & giggles, bunhead.
Now, bugger off.Moving Comfort was established in 1977 when its founders wanted to make a line of workout clothing designed specifically for women’s bodies and movement. Since then, the company has stayed true to that vision, with their motto “A fit woman is a powerful woman.”
Like their entire active clothing line, their sports bras are characterized by rich, vibrant colors that really stand out from most of the paler options that are typical of sports bras (though basic white and black are also available). They are more than pretty though, as they function very well in tough winter conditions.
As the layer closest to the skin, a sports bra is critically important for winter sports like snowshoeing. Moving Comfort bras are categorized by both size and impact level of the intended use. Two models that work well for snowshoe running are the Dori (pictured in Blueberry) and the Cameo Racer Back (pictured in Wild Rose). Both have a racer back style which allows for a free range of motion, and both use technical fabrics that are specifically used for moisture management.
The Cameo uses ‘Drylayer’ technology that pulls moisture away from the skin to help with this troublesome problem. It is thick and soft, and traps warmed air to provide extra comfort on really cold days.
The Dori has a stretchier exterior with more Lycra, and a seam-free interior that is both chafe-resistant and very breathable. Because of this added breathability, the Dori stays drier and is better suited for longer excursions where this feature is more vital.
An additional feature of the Dori is the keyhole back with hook and eye closure for easy on and off. After a tiring day on snowshoes, not having to struggle with this layer is a helpful thing.
Both the Cameo and Dori have great fit and are extremely comfortable and functional, and the great look will have you happily reaching for them as you dress for your snowshoe outings this winter.
For more information on Moving Comfort products, see."The Christian home is the place where children receive the first proclamation of the faith. For this reason the family home is rightly called the 'domestic church', a community of grace and prayer,a school of human virtues and of Christian charity" CCC 1666
A great way we can help our families prepare to celebrate the Birth of our Saviour is by creating an Advent wreath as a focus for family prayer. Gathering daily for the traditional lighting of the candles, and praying for Our Lord’s blessing on our families, our homes, and our society, will help make them a place of peace, love and hope.
A good time to do this is at mealtimes around the table, or in the evening before bedtime, but every family will have their own preference. You can buy a wreath or make your own as a family activity, perhaps with a trip to local parks or woodland to gather suitable evergreen branches, holly, etc. Have a look at the video below for ideas. You can buy a ready-made base for a wreath with candles in garden centres, home stores or online.
What the wreath represents:
Evergreen Foliage
The circle of the wreath which has no beginning or end, symbolizes the eternity of God (the Alpha and Omega). The evergreen is chosen as the base because God is the foundation of all good. Green is the colour that represents hope and new life.
Four Candles
Represent the four weeks of Advent. The first two purple candles symbolize Hope and Love respectively. The third candle (pink) symbolizes Joy. The fourth and last purple candle represents Peace. If you can't find coloured candles white ones will do just as well. The light of the candles signifies the light of Christ to mankind.
Each day your family can gather around the Advent wreath The proper number of candles are then lit and a prayer is said. You can access appropriate prayers here, however, you can compose your own, or use one of the many prayers that are available online (it can be good fun seeking these out with your children!). You could also sing a verse of the great Advent hymn, 'O Come, O Come, Emmanuel', maybe a different verse for each week, increasing the excitement even more!Bucket Operator
Uvalde,Texas
documentation and [Equipment] operation , Work History Bucket Operator , 10/2016 to 06/2020 Pannell Company – Bandera , ...powerlines , Trained personnel in cherry picker operation including safe bucket operation , operation in hazardous environments and safety tethers ...upon extension of boom , Ensured effective communication between boom operator and ground personnel using radios and hand signals to enhance performance and safety
Bucket Operator
Anniston,Alabama
procedures Experience Bucket Operator , 04/2016 to Current Randy's Tree Service , Anniston , AL Operated Bucket for cutting down...Transported goods from dock area to appropriate storage locations , Bucket Operator /Foreman , 01/2006 to 04/2015 Townsend Tree Service ..., Delivered equipment to customer locations , Forklift Operator , 04/2015 to 04/2016 Monarch Windows and Doors ,
Bucket Operator
Uvalde,Texas
servicing , Cherry Picker Operator operated and trained personnel in cherry picker operation including boom operation from both bucket and ground , use of...unloading Forklift Operation Heavy equipment operation Heavy equipment Technician Work History Bucket Operator 11/2016 to 06/2020 Pannell Company – Bandera , TX Operated multiple...boom operator and ground personnel using radios and hand signals to enhance performance and safety , Trained personnel in cherry picker operation including safe bucket operation
Bucket Truck Operator
Portland,Connecticut
Operating hydraulics Worksite safety OSHA guidelines Forklift Operation 70ft Bucket Operator Work History Bucket Truck Operator , 10/2019 to Current Asplundh Tree Expert – Middletown...Professional Summary Cherry Picker Operator operated and trained personnel in cherry picker operation including boom operation from both bucket and ground , use of stabilization...components , Trained personnel in cherry picker operation including safe bucket operation , operation in hazardous environments and safety tethers
Bucket Truck Operator
Travelers Rest,South Carolina
, Work History Davey Tree Expert Co , Bucket Truck Operator Ashville , NC 02/2018 , 08/2019...Distribution (URD) equipment , Used climbers , bucket lifts and safety equipment for work at heights reaching as much as 120 feet above ground ...Travelers Rest High School Travelers Rest , SC GED Certifications Driving bucket trucks and other heavy equipment License , cdl class A permit
Bucket Operator/Foreman
Hattiesburg,Mississippi
decision maker Work History Bucket Operator/Foreman February 2015 to Current Deviney Construction , Jackson , MS Operate bucket trucks to perform inspection...safety protocols and safe work practices to reduce likelihood of injury , Bucket Operator/Entergy Contractor July 2006 to January 2015 W , A ... , Lawrenceville , GA Operate bucket trucks to perform inspection of power lines , Report hazards of power lines
Operator Foreman
Hobbs,New Mexico
Summary Experienced [Type] Operator Foreman bringing [Number] years' experience in [Discipline] , Highly effective at planning and directing team work in order to achieve challenging...and solving both routine and complex problems , Proficient [Type] Operator Foreman well , versed in operating [Description] equipment and maintaining...[Type] equipment operation Project oversight Production positions Equipment operation Experience Operator Foreman , Crossfire LLC (Midland , TX) April
Operator Foreman
Dublin,Indiana
Schedule Interview Summary Skilled equipment Operator Foreman proficient in maintaining crew productivity , Experienced in assigning work , training crew members and optimizing individual and...Maintenance Services Safety Protocols Project oversight Water sewer and drainage Experience Operator Foreman , 05/2010 , Current Self , employeed , Dublin , IN Evaluated blueprints...strips around edges of glass or frames to weatherproof windows and prevent rattling , Landscape Foreman , 03/2006 , 03/2007 brower , gaar nursery , Dublin , IN Reviewed design
Operator Foreman
Florence,Alabama
Motivation Time Management Forklift Operation Willingness to Learn Quality Assurance Work History Operator Foreman 04/2016 to 07/2021 Tennessee Valley Media Group – Florence , AL Tended equipment during
Laborer and Bucket Truck Driver
Park Hills,Missouri
Commercial Driver's License Recovering vehicles Flatbed truck expertise Work History Laborer and Bucket Truck Driver , 03/2018 to Current Grisham Tree Service – Parkhills...working with law enforcement professionals , Experienced Tow Truck Operator adept at working quickly and safely to complete voluntary and involuntary tows ,... covers and binders to secure load during transit , Forklift Operator , 05/2002 to 01/2009 Ford Motor Company – HazelAs the data was collected before the anti-government protests, some fear the impact of the social unrest will further weaken the city's academic stance
Top Hong Kong universities have seen a number of their subjects drop in the latest global rankings, raising fears the ongoing social unrest in the city will further affect their competitiveness when its impact is manifested in the next few years.
The Britain-based education information firm, Quacquarelli Symonds (QS), released World University Rankings by Subject 2020 on Wednesday, which showed a year-on-year drop for top-ranking subjects at institutions, including the University of Hong Kong (HKU) and Chinese University.
Analysts said the latest rankings reflected the overall decline in the competitiveness of research conducted by Hong Kong universities, as the data was collected before the anti-government protests, which badly affected the city’s higher education sector in the second half of last year.
How to study for the HKDSE, as told by top scorers at the University of Hong Kong
Despite a drop in rankings in many subjects, HKU remained the world’s fourth-best institution to study dentistry, while the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts was rated as the seventh-best higher education institution for performing arts, up six places from 13th last year.
The rankings compared 13,138 programmes in 48 disciplines provided by 1,368 tertiary institutions across 83 locations around the world. The results are based on four metrics: academic and employer reputation, research citations, and impact.
Out of 39 subjects analysed at HKU, 21 subjects suffered a drop in rankings while seven saw a rise. The subject, education, dropped one place to being the world’s seventh best, while medicine fell five places to the 35th spot.
DSE tips: How to nail the SBA and go from a 5 to a 5*
Politics and international studies suffered one of this year’s sharpest declines by slipping to 31st from 16th last year.
Chinese University saw a drop in 12 out of 37 subjects and improved only in eight. Its law programmes slipped four places from 39th to 43rd, while social policy and administration dropped five places from 29th to 34th.
Six of 24 subjects offered by Polytechnic University received a lower ranking and only three clinched a higher spot. PolyU’s hospitality and leisure management slipped two places from the world’s 5th best to 7th, while civil and structural engineering dropped four places to 19th.
Hong Kong University of Science and Technology avoided an overall drop this year with a higher ranking in seven out of 17 subjects, and fall in four subjects.
QS director of research Ben Sowter said the rankings did not reflect the impacts of last year’s protests in Hong Kong, as data was collected between January and April last year while analyses were carried out between October and December.
“What happened in 2019 is yet to be manifested in the results, we will see that over the next three years,” Sowter said.
He said the latest drop in the competitiveness of Hong Kong universities was more because of their research performance, while institutions in mainland China had been rising.
Persistent disruptions in the city could also discourage international students, teachers, or researchers from choosing to attend or work at universities in Hong Kong, he said, leading to a drop in the institute’s research influence and reputation.Comprehensive Children’s Dentistry
Our patient, is brand new and recently designed to incorporate some of the latest dental technology to help us treat your child comfortably, safely and efficiently. These technologies include:
- New “State of the Art” Air Filtration System to help keep staff and patients safe from airborne microbes.
- Digital Radiographs: Uses less radiation and provides immediate images to quickly diagnose cavities that start in-between children’s teeth.
- Extra-oral Digital Bitewings: Our PAN machine has the capability to take localized xrays of patients teeth without placing anything uncomfortable in the mouth. This works great for young patients that are anxious or have a sensitive gag reflex.
- Oral Conscious Sedation: We can administer an oral sedative to relax your child before performing any restorative dental procedure. Safe and effective, Oral Sedation allows your child to remain awake and aware, but reduced their anxiety.
- Calming Nitrous Sedation (Laughing Gas): if your child is anxious about going to the dentist, Nitrous Oxide (also known as “laughing gas”) is a safe and effective sedative agent we can use to calm your child’s fears.
- Surgical and Dental Co2 Laser: Dr. Wright uses the safest and most efficient Co2 laser on the market. It is used in our office primarily to perform lip and tongue tie releases, however, it is also used to remove oral pathologies and reduce gingival overgrowth.
- Cosmetic “tooth-colored” Restorations: we utilize specialized composite filling material that is white, and bonds with the teeth so that it is hard to tell that a child has even had fillings!
Amenities for Kids and Parents
We designed our brand new office with you and your child’s comfort in mind. Some of our amenities include:
- Large bright windows in every room give the office a bright and cheerful vibe. Each dental chair has a bench right beside it so that parents can be close to their children the whole time.
- A children’s play room right off of our reception area is complete with books, a slide and two forts. We save the screen time distractions for when they are in the dental chair.
- 43 inch flat screen tvs are above every dental chair so children can watch their favorite movies during procedures and cleanings.
- Six “old school” toy dispensing machines are right behind checkout to reward your child. Each kid after their appointment will be given two quarters and will get to choose which toy, sticker or tattoo they like best.
- Another favorite is the small kids size entry door that looks just like the adult one that the kids get to pass through when their name is called for their appointment.By SAE Institute.Noah Baumbach’s new THE MEYEROWITZ STORIES (NEW AND SELECTED), starring Dustin Hoffman, has some strong connections to Hoffman’s star-making role in Mike Nichols’ THE GRADUATE, in particular, its depiction of generations trying to escape one another. After discussing our largely positive reactions to the new film (with one major exception), we talk over how the two stories reflect and refract each other, in their Hoffman performances as well as their respective family dynamics and female charact...more
Pastime is not the owner of the podcast content presented on this page. Pastime is not affiliated with nor endorses this content. © 2017 PastimeFirst Impressions with Catherine Bryant
A fast paced 4 hour class. Join prominent Louisville Artist, Catherine Bryant, as she shares how she created this month's Impressionistic landscape, step by step. You will learn the basics for creating a landscape & take your masterpiece home. Bring you own palette carrier to take your palette home!
Joy of Landscape with Catherine Bryant
Emphasis on Plein Air and painting from life. Continuing the study of composition, values, simplicity, brush strokes, mixing color, dealing with edges, color & line relationships, visual weight, atmospheric perspective and more, plus a 15 page booklet. This is a fun, Impressionist centered class with much discussion and exercises designed to move the student to higher levels of skill and creativity.
Bob Ross Painting with Ken Wuetcher
Learn to paint beautiful landscapes using the Bob Ross Technique. A step by step process will be used by Ken Wuetcher, a certified Bob Ross Instructor. Beginners and experienced painters are welcome!
Practicing Watercolor with Kathy Lepley
In this class you'll practice and master watercolor techniques, making this "tricky" medium easy and fun. Develop your artistic style while you learn how to mix pigments, create light and shadow, and explore new ways to see your subject.
Beginning Watercolor with Christine Shaw
Learn the ins and outs of the tools and techniques that make up this classic style of painting!eginning Watercolor with Christine Shaw
Brush Lettering with Christine Shaw
Using a variety of brush pens and markers, you will learn a casual brush lettering style useful for cards, journaling, adding lettering to crafts and more! You'll also learn some tips and tricks to make your lettering pop off the page, how to blend colors, make backgrounds and more. This class is for beginners - no experience neccesary!
Open Studio
Bring your own supplies and work on your art in the company of fellow artists in our studio. No instructor.With volcanoes, stunning landscapes, gastronomy, and architecture, it’s hard to find an island destination that tops Tenerife.
As the largest of the Canary Islands, Tenerife doesn’t need much of an introduction. Located off the coast of West Africa, this island is home to Mount Teide, a dormant volcano and is also Spain’s highest peak.
As one of the most popular tourist destinations in the world, Tenerife is best known for its nature hikes, buzzing nightlife, stellar dining, and its glorious beaches such as Los Cristianos and Playa de las Américas.
It’s hard to find a destination that offers as much as Tenerife, as its privileged location makes it a top choice for tourists all year round. Let’s delve into the reasons why you should visit (or revisit) Tenerife:
The Teide National Park
Named as a World Heritage site by UNESCO, this volcanic space stands at an altitude of 3,718 metres and offers the most spectacular views on any island. The Teide National park stretches from the centere of Tenerife surrounds the Cañadas del Teide caldera.
The park is a hikers paradise with volcanic landscapes, green valleys, and breathtaking views access the various hiking routes. There’s no entrance fee, and parking is free within the park. However, parking spaces fill up quick so make sure to get there early.
On your visit, you can either drive across Cañadas del Teide on TF-21, hike up the caldera rim, or walk over the lava fields. You’ll only need a permit to hike up the Pico del Teide.
Mount Teide
The Traditional Celebrations
All over the island, Tenerife celebrates an over the top, extravagant carnival in the week leading up to lent. The carnival celebrations take place all throughout the island and is twinned with the carnival in Rio de Janeiro.
Every year, the colourful celebrations kick off with its opening parade with a float procession making its way through the streets. The end of the carnival is marked with the “Burial of the Sardine” ritual on Ash Wednesday. A giant sardine effigy is carried through the capital’s streets and is then set on fire in the Plaza de España.
Pilgrimages are also highly popular on the island, as is one of the best examples of culture in the Canary Islands. From March to September, almost every town and village are immersed with typical food – and particularly “papas” and “mojos”, which are tiny local potatoes with typical sauces. So make sure you check the event calendar before planning your trip.
It’s Family Friendly
If you’re taking the whole family, it’ll be easy to keep the little ones occupied with several exciting activities. Tenerife’s biggest theme park, Siam Park, has grown immensely in popularity over the last few years. This Thai-themed park features an enormous wave pool, a mile-long lazy river and “the Tower of Power” – a 28m (100ft) near-vertical slide that shoots you an aquarium. Not for the faint-hearted!
You’ll also be able to enjoy Loro Parque, a zoo with all kinds of animal species. Apart from these wonderful attractions, the whole family will be able to relish in the various beaches and nature areas.
Fine Dining
With volcanoes, waterparks, zoos, beaches, you may think there can’t possibly be more on the island on Tenerife? Well, this Canary Island is also home to five restaurants with Michelin stars. We recommend dropping into what is arguable Tenerife’s finest restaurant, M.B. by Martín Berasategui which has received two stars, found in the Ritz Carlton.
The island also comprises of its traditional delicacies for foodies to enjoy. Here you’ll find creative fishes made with tuna, bananas from the Canary Islands (famous for their brown spots) and avocado.
Plus, you can accompany these with the local wines that are produced from grapes grown on the volcanic soil, which date back to the 15th century. We recommend you check out the local guachinches, which are traditional, rustic-style establishments where wine is served with typical tapas of the island. Here, the only wines and dishes served are ones produced by the owner. Naturally, tourists enjoy trying many of these types of venues, going on a sort of “guanchinche trail”.
Its Magnificent Beaches
Finally, it’s little surprise that many flock to Tenerife for its astounding beaches, which stand out from the rest from their pale or black sand due to the islands volcanic origin. You’ll be able to find beaches everywhere along the north to south. There are even natural swimming pools carved out of solidified lava.
On the northern coast, there is a remote natural beach known as El Bollullo. The most popular tourist beach would be Las Teresitasd, ten minutes from the island’s capital. In the evenings, the waters are still lovely and warm, so you can still enjoy a late dip.
Fairfield, Iowa!
All Fairfield square dance events are canceled until further notice
We regret to announce, effective immediately, all Fairfield Iowa Square Dance classes and events for the near future are cancelled.
The owner of HFI Creativity Lab has chosen to close the hall for an indefinite period of time due to the Coronavirus. And we agree that it's better to err on the side of caution in light of this current pandemic and include all Fairfield events & venues.Show off your nipples in style with this sterling silver sun ‘fake’ nipple shield. This eye-catching nipple shield is suitable for pierced or unpierced nipples and makes a real statement.
This silver nipple shield simply fits over your nipple. The horseshoe-shaped section on the front of the shield clasps the nipple can be adjusted to ensure a comfortable fit. Made from .925 sterling silver, this nipple shield is a gorgeous piece.
Suitable for: Nipple Piercing
Jewellery Type: Nipple Shields and Chains, SweetHoneyIceTea from Miami
The nipple ring looks super sexy under a white tank top - classy sexy look & good quality. It's hard for me to adjust it around my nipple but I use eyelash glue to help it stay on.
By Anonymous
Looks nice on, it's good quality and the horseshoe clamp works well, so long as your nipples are pert enough :)
Will be purchasing more non-piercing jewellery; and maybe a nipple pump ;)
Subscribe to keep up to date with all of our news and offers!She wasn’t making sense and her words were slurred and garbled. After she talked about her trouble with drug abuse, I asked her if she was high. She was. On heroin.
• Listen this Saturday November 12 to my conversation with Cara who struggles with addiction to Heroin. Her story reveals a side of drug addiction many of us never witness., burned silver spoons and aluminum foil with burn marks. Addicts will also wear long pants or sleeves, even in warm weather, to hide the needle marks.
Before you judge a heroin addict harshly, realize that the single most reliable indicator of risk for drug and alcohol problems is a family history where either one, or both, of your parents had an alcohol or drug problem.
Alcoholism and drug dependency frequently co-occur and genetics plays a role. Once a person first uses alcohol or drugs, the genetics set the stage for those who are at risk of developing an addiction. Their bodies respond differently. It can create the perfect storm. This is even proven in twin studies where identical twins, separated and adopted in infancy, were four times more likely to be alcoholic if their biological parent was an alcoholic. The addiction status of their adoptive parents showed no correlation.
Heroin addiction, opiate addiction and alcoholism run in families. Beware! If you have a parent who is an addict, drinking alcohol or taking addictive drugs could be your version of playing Russian Roulette. The single bullet loaded in the gun is your genetics. Pull the trigger with alcohol and drugs and this game of chance could turn lethal.
• For more information on the Genetics of Addiction, listen this Saturday November 12, to “The Joan Jerkovich Show” on 1150 KSAL at 6am, or link to the podcast Monday through ksal.com.
The article “Family History and Genetics” by Robert M. Morse, MD, was referenced for this blog.The Joan Jerkovich Show News Radio 1150 KSAL Saturdays @ 6:00 am CST Podcast posts to KSAL.com MondaysIt’s often said the good design is the perfect fusion of form and function and that truly great design becomes a work of art in its own right.
Shiri Zinn is one of the world’s foremost designers of luxury sex toys: with harnesses, gags, dildos and more, Shiri’s amazing products attract collectors from all over the world. We’re thrilled that Shiri has allowed us to showcase a selection of her beautiful work in OutNewsGlobal.
We’re showcasing seven of Shiri’s beautiful products so, strap in (or strap ON, whichever you prefer) and prepare to be dazzled. And if you want to check out even more stunning designs, visit shirizinn.com.
Teal Vegan Strap-on with matching ceramic gold leaf dildo.
This beautiful, high end beaded strap-on is the cornerstone of Shiri Zinn’s BDSM RANGE of luxury bondage with its hypnotic turquoise/blue vegan leather that feels like silk to touch. Its fine appeal brings wearable art to the boudoir & its beaded tassel back, created with fine African glass beads, drapes over a supportive leather back for added support.
This strap on is custom fitted to every woman’s hip size with its long, adjustable straps. A chrome metal front O-ring is at once fully removable (to accommodate most flare based toys) and also custom fits its matching, hand-crafted, blue ceramic dildo with nine carat gold leaf flower motif; handmade in England. This stunning ornate dildo stands like a beautiful erotic ornament when not in use.
Red Leather Strap-on with matching ceramic gold leaf dildo.
Shiri Zinn’s Red Leather Strap-on is the pinnacle of couture luxury. When you buy this deluxe jewelled strap you buy a piece of wearable art, at once functional and incredibly comfortable! The wine red leather strap-on fits every hip size like a glove, transforming the wearer into an unparalleled state of bedroom glamour! There is no better gift for gender play or more luxurious leather lingerie attire for BDSM seduction…
The red designer strap-on is the agent provocateur’s choice, handcrafted from finest lambskin & lovingly embroidered with red & gold ornate, fine luxury glass beads. The handcrafted leather strap on can be purchased with (or without) a matching Shiri Zinn Red Ceramic Dildo decorated with 8 carat gold leaf flower motif. This stunning ornate, ceramic dildo stands flat like an ornament so it can be beautifully displayed in your boudoir when not in use…
Couture Beaded Gag.
This beaded couture gag is another signature piece from Shiri Zinn’s exclusive vegan BDSM RANGE of luxury bondage. With finely, hand crafted faux leather strap fastening at back, & solid metal coloured rings, this jewellery piece is sold as erotic art only, and takes BDSM to new heights in design. The hand beaded gag, encasing a rubber ball of 45mm diameter, is an amazing fashion statement and jewellery piece to own. Available in red, light gold, teal and black!
Beaded Couture Paddle
This exquisite paddle is part of Shiri Zinn BDSM RANGE of luxury bondage to compliment her luxury beaded strap-on, ornate matching gag, eye-mask and collars! It’s backed with an inner steel plate for additional strength. Handmade in faux leather with a decorative, flat beaded strip on reverse side, achieving a truly exclusive artefact that doubles as an art piece in your home! Available in blue, gold, black or red.
Beaded Choker with matching lead.
Shiri Zinn designs her collars to equally be a declaration of submission or transfer of power as they are a modern-day fashion statement, encompassing both eroticism and empowerment. Challenge prejudice and preconceived notions relating to sexuality with this exquisite range.
This collection of beaded couture chokers is a signature piece of our exclusive luxury bondage range, featuring couture and erotic design. Every choker is finely crafted from smooth vegan-friendly faux leather and decorated with ornate beaded tassels. The design is inspired from Shiri Zinn’s personal African roots.
Chokers have the option for chains or leads to be added. This encapsulates the submissive side of a dominant and submissive relation. Restraint, role-play, and pain for pleasure are just some of the erotic practices involved, with the choker necklace largely about an exchange of power and getting a thrill from forfeiting control.
Speckled glass butt plugs.
Shiri Zinn’s Glass Butt Plug is a rare designer dildo with unique patterns and colours created by the finest of English glassmakers, lovingly handcrafted from deluxe Dartington hand molten crystal glass. This Shiri Zinn blue solid glass butt-in has an unusually heavyweight feel, presented in its own handcrafted, pale yellow satin-lined case.
The luxury glass plug doubles as a fine art piece on your dresser. A romantic gift of unashamed, decadent luxury…no two blue glass stoppers are EVER the same…each one utterly unique! Shiri Zinn has designed this beautiful deluxe butt plug to tighten the vaginal passage during intercourse; enhancing sexual pleasure for both you & your partner.
Please note that this 12.5cm butt plug is made to order with advance payment and can take up top three weeks to manufacture and deliver.
Swarovski Glass Dildo.
Shiri Zinn’s Swarovski Glass Dildo is encrusted with premium Swarovski aqua crystals set securely into the glass holder end of this deluxe dildo by makers of Formula One Trophies & Rolls Royce silversmiths. It is a testament to the finest of English glassmakers & is lovingly handcrafted from luxurious Dartington hand molten crystal glass.
The Swarovski Glass Dildo is unusually heavy weight in feel, and forms the jewel in the crown of her signature collection, presented in its own handcrafted, satin-lined box. The glass piece doubles as a luxury ornament on your mantelpiece or dresser, and stands the test of time as a romantic gift of unashamed, decadent luxury. No two glass dildos are EVER the same; your piece is unique!
This piece comes in amber, aqua, deep violet and light pink.
Please note this 21cm Swarovksi dildo takes up to 3 weeks to manufacture and deliver if out of stock.
To find out more about Shiri’s beautiful products, visit shirizinn.comRouse Hill Landscape Supplies Hours
Rouse Hill Landscape Supplies / LandscapeSupplies.com.au, Box Hill. 296 likes · 34 talking about this · 22 were here. Fencing and Outdoor Timber...
Total Lawn Care Inc Full Lawn Maintenance Lawn Fertilization Landscaping And Snow Removal Company Backyard Landscaping Lawn And Landscape Diy Landscaping
From Blah Lawn To Backyard Rose Garden Paradise Rose Garden Design Garden Planning Garden Design Layout
Rouse Hill Landscape Supplies Facebook. Rouse Hill Landscape Supplies / LandscapeSupplies.com.au, Box Hill. 299 likes · 22 were here. Fencing and Outdoor Timber Specialists. Please note adjusted hours for Saturday 23rd Jan. We will be open Monday 25th and Wednesday 27th Jan.
Stone Wall Fountain With Great Fountain In Birmingham Al Www Blueskyrain Com Gives Aw Water Features In The Garden Backyard Water Feature Fountains Backyard
Landscaping Supplies in Rouse Hill, NSW. Landscaping Supplies. Find the best. Landscaping Supplies in Rouse Hill, New South Wales. . Displaying 1 - 2 of 2. Map: Show Map. 1. Turtle Nursery. Windsor Rd, Rouse Hill.
320 Landscaping Ideas Outdoor Gardens Garden Design Landscape Design
Opening hours - Rouse Hill Town Centre. Rouse Hill Town Centre...
320 Landscaping Ideas Outdoor Gardens Garden Design Landscape Design
Landscape Supplies in the Greater Sydney Area and Rouse Hill. Our Landscape Supplies. At Hayters Timber & Paving, we are a trade-based retail store where you can get materials for all types of landscape If you're in the Rouse Hill or Penrith areas, visit one of our retail stores to talk with our staff, or call us on 02 4629 6000 (Narellan) or 02 4871 1422 (Mittagong).
320 Landscaping Ideas Outdoor Gardens Garden Design Landscape Design
Our Products Turtle Nursery and Landscape Supplies. Decomposed Granite Decorative Gravel Mulch Supplies Quarry and Recycled Products Sand Supplies Soils & Manures Turf Supplies Firewood ROUSE HILL Cnr Windsor & Rouse Roads Rouse Hill PH: 02 9629 2299 Click Here for Map SOUTH WINDSOR Turtle rouse hill. OPENING HOURS.
Artist Life November 2009 Easy Pictures To Paint Artist Life Oil Painting Lessons
Rouse Hill Bunnings Warehouse. Bunnings Warehouse in Rouse Hill. Find store information, opening times, services and more. Come visit us today! Trading Hours.
320 Landscaping Ideas Outdoor Gardens Garden Design Landscape Design
Rouse Hill Estate - 2021 All You Need to Know BEFORE - Tripadvisor. Rouse Hill Estate: Hours, Address, Rouse Hill Estate Reviews: 4.5/5. We were told the next tour was in an hour but that we were free to wander around until then. We were warned about the red bellied and brown snakes, and indeed there were signs around the fields saying 'stomp loudly', which...
320 Landscaping Ideas Outdoor Gardens Garden Design Landscape Design
Rouse Hill Town Centre LPO Opening Hours. Shop Gr 164a 10-14 Market Lane ROUSE HILL, NSW 2155 Australia. * Week commences on a Monday. Different operating hours may apply on public holidays.
320 Landscaping Ideas Outdoor Gardens Garden Design Landscape Design
House and Land Packages Rouse Hill New Release Don't Miss Out. Park Hill Property's latest release of house and land packages at Rouse Hill is something we're very excited about. Once again, our vision has involved more than just building houses. We have developed a community in the heart of Sydney's thriving Northwest that you will be proud to call home.
320 Landscaping Ideas Outdoor Gardens Garden Design Landscape Design
Rouse Hill Landscape Supplies's Competitors, Revenue, Number of. See Rouse Hill Landscape Supplies's revenue, employees, and funding info on Owler, the world's largest community-based business insights platform. Rouse Hill Landscape Supplies's profile is incomplete.
House And Farm Tour Family Pass 20 Old Farm Houses Australian Homes House On A Hill
City Beach Rouse Hill opening hours, Rouse Hill Town Centre, Shop. City Beach opening hours in Rouse Hill, 2155. 2155 Rouse Hill Town Centre, Shop GR099, 10 Market Lane Rouse Hill, au.
25 Cottage Garden Ideas Cottage Garden Garden Design Garden
Supply and demand in Rouse Hill. View the Rouse Hill suburb profile with Rouse Hill's median unit & house prices, real estate market data & lifestyle information. Rouse Hill has 57 properties available for rent and 184 properties for sale. Median property prices over the last year range from $1,070,000 for houses to $685,000 for units.
320 Landscaping Ideas Outdoor Gardens Garden Design Landscape Design
Rouse Hill. Visit Eckersley's Art & Craft in Rouse Hill Sydney for the very best art materials supplies. Buy online from one of Australia's largest Art & Craft supplies retailers or visit us in store including: canvas, brushes, paints, easels, craft Please refer to special hours tab below. Rouse Hill.
Aromatic Aster Symphyotrichum Oblongifolium October Skies Water Wise Landscaping Organic Plants Native Plants
Rouse Hill Town Centre: Hours, Address, Rouse Hill Town Centre. Rouse Hill Town Centre: Hours, Address, Rouse Hill Town Centre Reviews: 4/5. South Pacific. Australia.
25 Cottage Garden Ideas Cottage Garden Garden Design Garden
Rouse Hill, New South Wales - Wikipedia..
25 Cottage Garden Ideas Cottage Garden Garden Design Garden
Timber Landscape Supplies Sydney Fencing Treated Pine Sleepers. Rouse Hill Landscape Supplies (02) 9679 1218 Macarthur Timber & Building Supplies (02) 4628 0225. Fasteners & Hardware Supplies. Steel Fence Posts. Fence Post End Caps.
I Love Rope Lighting Around The House Easy Backyard Backyard Budget Backyard
Rouse Hill Community Portal. Turtle Landscapes. Landscape Gardening Services & Supplies. Cnr Windsor & Rouse Rds ROUSE HILL NSW 2155. Phone: 02 96292299. Hills District Cranes. Crane & Travel Tower Hire Or Servicing. 3 Arnold Ave KELLYVILLE NSW 2155.
Lisa Rouse Lisarouse Profile Pinterest
ROUSE HILL • companies • Australia. ROUSE HILL Australia Waterproofing Material NSW Aaron's Time Saving Solutions Aspect Landscaping & Contracting Pty Ltd A... Kev's Removalists A Style Hair & Makeup. ROUSE HILL - companies - Australia. Login Register Login with Facebook.
300 Landscaping Ideas Landscape Landscape Design Garden Design
Rouse Hill - HomeCo Live Well Health Club Open 24 hours everyday. Rouse Hill sits within Sydney's north-west growth corridor, approximately 43km from the Sydney CBD. The suburb has enjoyed strong expansion over recent HomeCo Rouse Hill is located on Commercial Road, in close proximity to local dining and shopping destinations. It offers plentiful free car parking...
Cox Rayner Architects
Landscaping Plans - The New Rouse Hill. Space Landscape Designs can create a landscape plan in the new Rouse Hill to work in with the architectural design of your home and site. We understand all the requirements of The New Rouse Hills and will put together a landscape plan which will be accurately drawn to scale showing the...
Feathered Sky Amazing Nature Photography Beautiful Sky Landscape Photography
Landscape Supply Hours. Locations and Contact Information for Whittlesey Landscape Supplies, provider of specialty landscaping products, with locations in Round Rock, Liberty Hill and Austin TX. Landscape Supply Hours. Monday - Saturday: 7am - 5pm Sunday: Closed.
25 Cottage Garden Ideas Cottage Garden Garden Design Garden
Central Landscape Supplies Ltd - Retaining Walls - Cobble Hill. Central Landscape Supplies Ltd - Cobble Hill - phone number, website, address & opening hours - BC - Retaining Walls, Excavation Contractors, Road Construction & Maintenance Contractors, Topsoil, Sand & Gravel, Landscaping Equipment & Supplies.
300 Landscaping Ideas Landscape Landscape Design Garden Design
Landscape Supplies - Yankee Hill Landscaping. We are proud to carry the best landscaping supplies in the area. We have pond supplies, boulders, fill rock and more. Landscaping Supplies. * Click on each category to learn more.
Https Encrypted Tbn0 Gstatic Com Images Q Tbn And9gcqa2kftiqhmc4qx0fe4ma2opv6iuapcon Ht54tmkw0hdtuks5w Usqp Cau
Rose Hill -...
25 Cottage Garden Ideas Cottage Garden Garden Design Garden
List of Companies in Rouse Hill, Australia - Companies in Rouse Hill. We have two centres - one at Rouse Hill and another at South Windsor - offering a huge range of garden, building and landscape Our company was established in 2003 in Sydney of Australia. The main business is to supply electronic components and related assembly projects in Australia and at...
25 Great Plant Combinations Ideas Plant Combinations Plants Garden
Locations & Hours Lurvey Landscape Supply. Landscape Supply Des Plaines. 2550 East Dempster Street. Hours & Details Get Directions. Whatever your gardening and landscape vision. — see how Lurvey can help bring it to life!
300 Landscaping Ideas Landscape Landscape Design Garden Design
Visit Rouse Hill Village Centre in Rouse Hill Expedia. Located in Rouse Hill, this hotel is within a 15-minute walk of Rouse Hill Village Centre and Rouse Hill Regional Park. Lowest nightly price found within the past 24 hours based on a 1 night stay for 2 adults. Prices and availability subject to change.
300 Landscaping Ideas Landscape Landscape Design Garden Design
Rouse Hill House & Land for Sale - Off the Plan - Lendlease. Rouse Hill offers convenience coupled with stunning landscapes. The New Rouse Hill residents enjoy exclusive access to recreational facilities including a community pavilion with tennis and multi-use courts, swimming pool and gym.
880 Fences Gates Ideas Garden Gates Outdoor Gardens Backyard
.Placeholder
A healthy dairy farm demands more than just healthy animals, the right choices and partners. It is also about the preconditions, such as the equipment and machines that play a crucial role in all the processes in and around the barn every day.
That is why we offer - in addition to advice - the right tools to make the equipment durable for a long period of time. And, of course, technical support when you need it. In this way, we are committed to ensuring the optimal life cycle of our products.Your shopping cart is empty!
GO Healthy GO Slimfast Hunger Buster 30 Capsules
By GO Healthy New Zealand | Discontinued
Price:
NZ$37.90NZ$20.50 (-45.91%)
Product Discontinued! Similar Products
FREE Shipping over - $79NZ Shipping Costs:
Auckland Area - $4.99
Outside Auckland - $7.99
Rural Area - $9.99
Australia Shipping Costs:
Please click for Delivery Information
- Bust out the support to manage hunger levels
- Karate chop to help manage body fat
- Kick start extra support to help manage mid afternoon sugar cravings ..Preston’s College has a wide range of good quality accommodation for hire.
Our rooms are flexible and we can provide accommodation for a wide range of events from training days, large scale presentations, awards evenings or board meetings. There is also a large car park which delegates can use free of charge.
Our rooms have smart TVs and full tech support.
We also provide a full catering service at an extra cost, from light refreshments to an executive buffet.
For more information contact our facilities team on 01772 225021 or email: jclarke1@preston.ac.uk
All room hire is exempt from VAT. An additional charge will be incurred if the facilities are required outside of College hours.HOUSTON – In Texas, sales tax collected by businesses is due to the state every month on the 20th. This month, some business owners must choose between paying that tax and paying their employees.
Houston Jewelry has been in the area for generations, surviving hurricanes, recessions and other crisis. In disasters like Hurricane Harvey, the state has delayed sales tax payments for business owners like them as part of a disaster declaration.
But not during the coronavirus pandemic.
“We’re actually quite surprised that the comptroller, that this was not anticipated in the disaster declaration,” Houston Jewelry owner Rex Solomon said.
“That creates a giant cash flow crunch, especially for small family businesses, coupled with the fact the 20th is payroll day for most,” he added.
Business at Houston Jewelry and many, if not most, small businesses has largely disappeared.
Solomon will forgo his pay on Friday in order to pay the state more than $10,000 in sales tax and the employees.
“This is a complex and rapidly evolving situation,” Texas Comptroller Glenn Hegar said in a statement. “Many of our fellow Texans are facing devastating economic conditions as bars, restaurants, retail outlets and other businesses make difficult staffing decisions.”
“The economic impacts are currently the most visible, but a more pressing concern is simmering behind the economic concerns,” the statement said. “A looming health emergency may strain our abilities to provide adequate care and emergency services to our fellow Texans. We must pull together to ensure we can meet the needs we will inevitably face. As part of that pulling together, I ask businesses to remit the taxes they collected from Texans by the established due date.”
Hegar said his office will reexamine that decision next month “as the agency evaluates rapidly changing conditions.”Dr. Wei Leng Kwok is a respected practice leader and facilitator in the primary prevention of violence against women, including its family violence dynamics and contexts. Recognised as a thought leader in fit-for-purpose evaluations for social change innovations, she received the 2016 Australian Evaluation Society Excellence Award.
Wei Leng is a former Research Practice Leader, Preventing Violence against Women with VicHealth where she led VicHealth’s role in the development of Change the Story.
Since 2006, Wei Leng has been the Principal Consultant at WLK Consulting; her clients are national, state-wide
and regional violence against women and family violence organisations and governance structures operating in primary prevention and response.ASHEBORO, N.C. — A North Carolina man claimed half of a nearly $392,000 lottery jackpot last week after belatedly realizing that he’d picked winning numbers on a ticket he’d forgotten about, officials with the North Carolina Education Lottery said.
>> Read more trending news
Gregory Warren, a mechanic living in Franklinville, claimed half the jackpot Tuesday for winning the Sept. 29 Carolina Cash 5 drawing, officials said. He had forgotten to check his ticket until Monday, five days after the winning numbers were drawn.
After taxes, he took home about $139,000.
“I forgot about it,” he said Tuesday, according to the North Carolina Education Lottery. “I’m still kind of shocked. I didn’t get a whole lot of sleep last night.”
He added that he plans to start a lawnmowing business with the funds.
“I’ve got a 14-year-old son and I (want to) get a business started so that he’ll have something to do when he graduates from high school,” he said.
Cash 5 tickets cost $1 each and offer a one in about 962,600 chance of winning a jackpot. Drawings are held every night.
Warren told officials on Tuesday that he usually doesn’t buy lottery tickets, but he picked one up while stopping for gas after work last month to try his luck.
“It just so happens I picked a good day to buy one!” he said, according to the North Carolina Education Lottery.
©2021 Cox Media GroupWindsor Court, Northfield Road, Bootle L20 0EQ
Windsor Court, Riverside’s Retirement Living apartments, is set in a bustling area of Bootle.
Windsor Court is within walking distance of a vast range of amenities, including a convenience store, a takeaway, a café and a newsagent. Cashpoint facilities available at the local convenience store. Queens Road Community Centre is a short bus ride away.
There are many doctors’ surgeries within close proximity. Good public transport links makes getting to Bootle Strand and Liverpool easy.
Our friendly atmosphere at Windsor Court is sure to make you feel right at home. Windsor Court offers 32 one-bed apartments, suitable for one or two persons, for people over 55. Ground floor apartments have patio doors leading on to the garden areas.
Windsor Court is set in beautifully tended gardens, where there’s seating; so you can enjoy the outdoor space and watch the local wild life. At the heart of Windsor Court is the communal lounge area. It’s a great place to meet with friends to enjoy a tea or coffee.
Features
- Decorate to your own taste.
- Fully equipped, modern kitchen.
- Good sized lounge.
- Gas central heating (cost included in service charge).
- Smoke detectors in each apartment.
- On-site laundry facilities (cost included in service charge).
- Large, bright communal lounge area.
- Well-tended, communal gardens.
- Garden seating areas.
- Guest bedroom, nominal charge per night
- Secure fob entry system.4 January 2017
RMT Press Office:
Action goes ahead as LU fail to make new proposals to tackle tube stations staffing and safety crisis.
Mick Cash, RMT General Secretary, said:
“RMT is bitterly disappointed that LUL brought nothing new to the negotiating table today despite assurances that fresh proposals to tackle the growing safety and staffing crisis would be forthcoming.
“As a result of LUL's failure to address the issues at the heart of the dispute the talks are adjourned and all action remains on. The ball remains in LU's court and while RMT remains available for talks it is down to the company to come back into the process with serious proposals.”
Ends.- Improves nervous system functions
- Contributes to protein synthesis
- Normalizes heart and cardiovascular function
- Supports faster muscle recovery
- Contributes to healthy teeth and bones
2 tablets daily with plenty of water during a meal.
Magnesium is an essential mineral for our body. Combination of magnesium and Vitamin B6 gives a compound action for boosting your immune system. Some of the most common health benefits of magnesium are improved muscle and nervous system functions. Maintaining the necessary level of magnesium will improve muscle conditions and minimize muscle cramps.
The product Magnesium & Vitamin B6 consists of magnesium lactate, which ensures higher element absorption in the body.Dieser Text existiert (noch) nicht auf Deutsch.
Horse Lords make music for the liberation of the mind and body. Propulsive in a way that inspires movement and that’s felt in the gut, the Baltimore quartet’s latest album The Common Task points to a utopian, modernist ideal. The group’s use of algorithmic composition techniques, microtonal harmonies.Nobody wants to go hungry to lose weight today. Good thing, because that would be neither healthy nor mindful. In addition, the yo-yo effect can be admired after such starvation diets and in the end, you have more pounds on your ribs after the diet than before. That is not healthy either.
If you want to lose pounds in a healthy way, you usually pay attention to what it is best not to eat. According to the so-called Thermic Effect of Food (TEF), which means something like "the thermal effect of food" in German, you should also pay more attention to what you eat. Because there should be foods that really boost calorie consumption. Lose weight with food? Sounds like the best diet.
The Thermic Effect of Food bases its success on the fact that you use energy to digest food and, of course, burn calories with it. The thermal effect of food accounts for an average of around ten percent of the daily calorie requirement. From this, we can conclude: Those who rely on foods that use more energy for digestion also burn more calories.
It is well known that their ingredients often have a very high sugar content and harmful preservatives. In addition, the body consumes the least amount of energy during digestion and therefore hardly burns any calories. Instead, rely on fresh and, if possible, left food, which the body needs to spend a lot of energy on digesting.
Protein-rich foods such as eggs, fish, or lean beef and chicken consume the greatest amount of energy during digestion - up to 20 to 35 percent of the calories they contain. With a protein-rich diet, the daily calorie requirement increases; with the same calorie intake, you lose weight with a protein-rich diet. Another advantage of proteins: They keep you full for a long time and prevent hunger pangs.
Studies have shown that even a serving of foods with saturated fats, such as those found in dairy products such as whole milk, cheese, butter, and cream, or with processed carbohydrates, including ready-made pizza or white bread, which is replaced by a serving with proteins, can have positive effects on weight. In comparison: fats and carbohydrates only use up an average of five to 15 percent of the calories in the food during digestion. Please access while dieting, but correctly.Can You Win The Speed Chess Championship Fantasy Contest?
Reminder: Deadline for entries is 11:59 p.m. Pacific time July 23.
The biggest event in online chess is back for 2018, and the field of 16 grandmasters is set for the 2018 Speed Chess Championship..
Take your time and make your best picks, but make sure your entry is submitted before the contest closes at 11:59 p.m. Pacific time, July 23. The first Speed Chess match in the main bracket will be the next day as the world championship challenger Fabiano Caruana takes on Levon Aronian at 10 a.m. PDT July 24.
Fill out all your selections in the form below. You can also fill out the form directly on Google.
DEADLINE FOR ENTRIES: 11:59 p.m. PDT, July 23.
Need some help with your bracket? The Chess.com SmarterChess statistical model produces the following round-by-round odds, based on past performance in Chess.com featured events. (The odds are a snapshot before round one.)
Click on the image for a larger version. Yifan for 1A and Nakamura for 2A, your pick for 2A will count as 0 points regardless of the result in that match.
- Please only submit one form. Only the first-submitted form will count for scoring.
- Entries will be accepted until 11:59 p.m. PDT July 23.
Prizes:
The highest-scoring participants will win fun and valuable membership prizes on Chess.com.
1. Three years Diamond membership
2. Two years Diamond membership
3. One year Diamond membership
4-6. One year Platinum membership
7-10. One year Gold Membership
Do you think Hou Yifan can pull off the ultimate upset against Hikaru Nakamura in round one? It would be one of the biggest shockers in chess history, but not the first time a 16-seed beat a 1-seed in 2018.
If you get it right, collect a cool nine points. But maybe you think Nakamura will go all the way this year. He'll certainly be a popular choice.
Study the bracket below for inspiration. Is the left side of the bracket "loaded"? Who is your sleeper pick from the right side?
Make sure you get your entries in by the end of July 23, and then follow the tournament starting the next day with the Caruana-Aronian battle. You can track all the Speed Chess Championship schedule and results at the main site.
Be sure to check out our new promotional video trailer for all your hype needs!
Who are your top Speed Chess picks? Fill out your entry and then let us know in the comments.Product Description
- Ideal for colour-coding your notices, departmental memos, reports and more.
- Moisture-controlled for less curling or jamming. Copies perfectly every time.
- Strong 80gsm paper can be used for double-sided copying.
- Colour Copiers: OK
- Colour Inkjet/Bubble Jet: Good
- Copiers: Excellent
- Inkjet/Bubble Jet: Excellent
- Laser Printers: Very Good
- Offset Printing: Very Good
- 2-Sided Printing: Excellent
Specifications
- Weight: 2500 g
- Width: 21 cm
- Depth: 7 cm
- Height: 31 cmHIGH POINT — A social worker at a local elementary school has earned special recognition for supporting children who need it the most.
Patricia Wallace, described as an “active and resolute advocate” for children at Oak View Elementary, recently received the $1,500 Debby Reynolds Award from The Enrichment Fund for the Guilford County Schools.
The Enrichment Fund for the Guilford County Schools is a nonprofit that provides financial support to enhance the educational programs of Guilford County Schools, helps students needing financial assistance, and encourages and rewards outstanding educators.
“No question about Ms. Wallace’s intense involvement advocating for children and the reason she is the award recipient,” said Carrie Little, president of the nonprofit. “What earned her the recognition is she advocates for all our students as if they were a part of her family.”
Annually, the Enrichment Fund presents The Debby Reynolds Award, providing $500 to an educator, counselor or other staff member who actively advocates for children in need. In addition, the award provides the recipient’s school with $700 to be used as needed by
the recipient and principal.
Wallace has a long connection to Oak View Elementary. Currently serving as the school’s social worker, she previously taught at the school and served as a substitute teacher and active parent.
As the school social worker, Wallace manages a clothing closet, oversees a food pantry, ensures students’ physical needs and coordinates the food backpack program for the school.
She also is the coordinator of Oak View’s Intervention Support Team, leading efforts to provide low-performing students with appropriate interventions to move them toward succeeding in school.
As the attendance team leader, Wallace works with families to reduce any barriers they confront in getting children to school every day.
“Ms. Wallace is a tremendous community resource, a dedicated person the families at Oak View — both present and past — know that they can count on to help them in any way that is needed,” Little said.
Commented
Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles.PaleoAnthropology is published jointly by the Society and the University of Pennsylvania Museum. The journal is accessible free of charge to everyone, including non-members of the Paleoanthropology Society.
It is now possible to receive email notices of new articles as they go online. To sign up for such alerts, go to the Members Page of this web site. Follow the instructions.You can download the latest iOS or iPadOS update again by going to Settings > General > [Device name] Storage. The update can be found in the list of apps. To delete an update, tap Delete Update after tapping the update. The latest update can be downloaded from Settings > General > Software Update.
Table of contents
Why Won’t My Phone Let Me Update The Software?
The reason your Android device won’t update might be related to your Wi-Fi connection, battery, storage space, or the device’s age. Android mobile devices usually update automatically, but there are various reasons why updates might not happen..
How Do I Force A Software Update?
How Do I Fix Failed To Update Software?
Why Is My Iphone Not Updating Its Software?
You can download the latest iOS or iPadOS update again by going to Settings > General > [Device name] Storage if you still cannot install it. To delete an update, tap Delete Update after tapping the update. The latest update can be downloaded from Settings > General > Software Update.
How Do I Fix Ios 14 Update Failed?
Why Does My Ios Update Keep Failing?.
What’s Wrong With The New Ios 14 Update?
A number of iOS 14 issues have been reported, including abnormal battery drain, Wi-Fi issues, UI lag, crashes, Touch ID issues, and installation issues. Most of these problems are new, while others have been around for a long time.
8 Failing To Update?
The network needs to be reset. It is possible that your network provider is responsible for an error during the validation phase of iOS 14. 8 update. Resetting the network settings will eliminate this possibility. You can reset your network settings by going to Settings > General > Transfer or Reset iPhone > Reset.
Watch can’t get iphone software update VideoMY STORY accomplished all of this at no cost to the city’s General Fund, showing how to do more withschool programs.
Contreras works as the Senior Director of Education and Healthy Schools for the Orange County United Way, where he helps oversee dispersal of funds to students from disadvantaged socio-economic backgrounds.
Born and raised in Orange County, Sergio attended Westminster High School and Orange Coast Community College before transferring to California State University Long Beach, where he received his BA and MPA.
Sergio currently lives in Westminster with his wife Adriana and their daughter and son.Deep Learning Is About to Revolutionize Sports Analytics. Here’s How
(kentoh/Shutterstock)
Imagine being able to model your opponents’ defense to optimize your attack in soccer, or to determine the best placement of players for grabbing rebounds in basketball. These are some of the predictive systems that data scientists are just now starting to build, and they’re using deep learning techniques to do it.
Statistics has always played a role in sports, and we’ve seen them become even more prevalent lately, with measures like wins above replacement (WAR) in baseball, expected point value (EPV) in basketball, and similar measures in soccer and hockey. But today, the most interesting work in sports analytics is happening around the optimization of player positioning for team sports.
Much of this player movement data is collected by a Chicago-based company called STATS (Sports Team Analysis and Tracking Systems). Along with the Elias Sports Bureau, STATS is about as trusted a name in sports data as you can get. If you ask Google or Siri for the latest score in the Padres-Nationals game, those services will get that data from STATS.
Five years ago, STATS installed a series of cameras in each NBA arena, as well as a series of soccer stadiums in Europe. The cameras track the movement of each player and the ball as part of the firm’s SportsVU system, at a frequency of 25 frames per second.
STATS’ SportVU uses six cameras for NBA games
With thousands of games per year, that data quickly adds up and turns into a big data problem. The responsibility for making sense of this mass of geospatial and time-series data falls to STATS AI director Patrick Lucey and his team of PhDs.
As Lucey explains, turning this raw data into actionable insights is not easy, and is something that STATS has invested considerable resources into solving.
“How do we make sense of all that data is a fundamental machine learning problem,” Lucey tells Datanami. “You have box scores in baseball and it’s really nicely segmented. But for continuous sports like basketball and soccer, how can we contextualize that data and ask very specific questions and get answers in understanding team play? We’re very good at doing that.”
Machine learning is a critical technique because the player and ball movement data is completely unstructured and lacking any context. A scorekeeper may note that a striker took a shot on goal, but the results of that shot are binary: either it went in or it didn’t.
STATS sees SportVU as a way to fill in the critical details and to recreate the story of the game.
“We want to know where that shot lied on that spectrum. Where does it lie between 0 and 1?” Lucey says. “To query that in SQL, you actually have to create that data point. That data point doesn’t exist. Using machine learning, you can have these new high-level data points, which are very valuable.”
Ghosts in the Game
STATS has created a large amount of intellectual property around the problem of converting raw geospatial data into useful data, and has come up with novel solutions. As Lucey notes, crunching the data is not as straightforward as one might wish.
“In soccer, there are 3.5 billion permutations in how those [10 field] players can be switched around,” he says. “When you include the opposition, there are more permutations than there are atoms in the universe. So just doing an exhaustive search, it’s not possible” to get player formations.
Ghosting lets teams replay sequences using real player movement predicted by a deep neural net
Lucey recently described an approach for teasing player formation out of raw geospatial data in a paper he co-authored with other researchers from Disney Research and the California Institute of Technology, titled “Data-Driven Ghosting using Deep Imitation Learning.”
The central thesis revolves around the creation of a “ghosting” model that can accurately learn and subsequently predict how actual professional soccer players move on offense and defense. The model was based on a recurrent neural network that was trained, in an unsupervised fashion, on 17,400 soccer sequences across of 100 games. The training took several hours, according to the paper, which won second place at the MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference in March of this year.
The visual nature of the ghosting system could provide direct benefits to teams that invest in it. Coaches and players would be able to watch a replay of a particular play, and see how the ghosts defenders respond to their opponents attack.
“Given an attacking play by a team, how did that team defend, or how should they have defended?” Lucey says. “How should they have moved to minimize the likelihood that that team scores? This is where we get into the realm of deep neural nets and deep imitation learning. It’s very similar to what Google and Deep Mind did for AlphaGo.”
The NBA’s Toronto Raptors built a ghosting system four years ago, but the model was created manually in a rules-based manner, which took an inordinate amount of time and money. With the advent of deep neural nets, such a system can be created at a fraction of the cost of manually building it.
“For a lot of time we can come up with measure which can describe coarse behavior,” Lucey says. “But now what we’re able to do is actually synthesize what teams should have done at the tracking level.”
More Data, Please
The ghosting approach shows the potential for modeling the movement of players, and the subsequent optimization of those movements. But already, limits have been encountered.
Teams that aren’t using big data analytics are at a disadvantage, STATS Lucey says (Muzsy/Shutterstock)
“We are the forefront of machine learning and artificial intelligence, because we’re able to do these sorts of things. But to do it effectively, we need more data,” Lucey says. “Once you start slicing and dicing the data, you don’t have enough examples.”
There may be 20 to 30 examples of a particularly type of play with a particular group of players, but the models will need much more to be effective. “That’s where the rubber hits the road,” the Australian native says. “We’re just starting to do these very precise, specific things.”
Silicon Valley firms like Google and Facebook may get most of the glory for their AI research, but as Lucey explains, there’s a lot of fundamental research going on in the sporting world, too.
“I think some people don’t think about sports in that regard, but it’s definitely at the forefront,” he says. “Sports basically represents the most interesting data out there, I think. It’s adversarial, it’s multi-agent, it’s very fine-grained, and there’s just so much of it. I don’t think you can find a richer or more interesting data set, especially with the tracking data we have in basketball and soccer.”
A paradigm shift is underway in the field of sports analytics, and STATS hopes to be at the center of it. Recent advances in deep learning are giving coaches and professional athletes insights that previously required watching hundreds of hours of game film. With ghosting systems, teams can show players how to position themselves to maximize the potential for a positive outcome.
“The goal here is to help teams, or whoever we work with, find their winning edge,” Lucey says. “It’s correlation versus causation, but basically everybody is doing this now, and if you’re not doing it, you’re at a severe disadvantage.”
Related Items:
Big Data’s Next Big Thing: Sports Training and Personalized Medicine
Today’s Baseball Analytics Make Moneyball Look Like Child’s Play
Come On, Blue! Data Reveals Umpires’ BiasesThe TPACK framework, as we know it today, was first introduced to the world in 2006 in an article in TCRecord (Mishra & Koehler, 2006). An important part of the story of the success of the framework was the publication of The handbook of technological pedagogical content knowledge (TPCK) for educators by AACTE and Routledge. Matt and I wrote an introductory chapter for that (see Koehler & Mishra, 2008).
Over the past decade the amount of research into TPACK has grown exponentially… and so it was time for the 2nd edition of the handbook (citation and more information below).
Herring, M., Koehler, M.J., & Mishra, P. (Eds.) (2016). Handbook of technological pedagogical content knowledge (2nd edition). New York: Routledge.
Mary Herring and Matt Koehler deserve a lot of the credit for getting this book out the door. Josh Rosenberg and Jolene Teske put in untold hours into this as well. As editors we wrote the introductory chapter (citation and link to pdf below):
Herring, M. C., Koehler, M. J., Mishra, P., Rosenberg, J. M., & Teske, J. (2016). Introduction to the Second Edition of the TPACK Handbook. In M.C. Herring, M.J. Koehler, and P. Mishra (Eds.), Handbook of Technological Pedagogical Content Knowledge (TPACK) for Educators (2nd Edition, pp. 1-8). New York: Routledge.
We conclude the introduction by writing the following:
The growth and richness of TPACK research over the past decade makes it difficult if not impossible to capture it completely in this handbook. What we have attempted is to combine broader reviews of the literature and field with specific studies and research papers. This way, we believe, we could at least offer a sampling of the work that is currently underway. The diversity of approaches in this handbook means that different readers may use the handbook in different ways. Those who are new to TPACK may focus on the first section (on theory). Researchers designing studies or looking to compare their work to related scholarship may consult the second section (on research). Finally, those looking to directly apply TPACK to their work as professional development providers, administrators, or teacher educators may find the third section (applications to practice) most helpful. We hope that, as a whole, this handbook provides the reader with a broad overview of TPACK with specific insights into the theory, research, and application of the framework across multiple contexts.
8 Comments
Su trabajo es formidable. Sería muy grato contar con su “El manual de conocimiento de contenidos pedagógicos tecnológicos (TPCK) para educadores por AACTE y Routledge. Matt y Ud.” en español. Le saludo muy atte. Viviana Benítez. Profesora de informática en Argentina
Translated by Google Translate (by Punya):
Their work is formidable. It would be very gratifying to have his “The manual of knowledge of pedagogical technological contents (TPCK) for educators by AACTE and Routledge. Matt and you “in Spanish. I greet you very closely. Viviana Benítez. Computer teacher in ArgentinaFurther technical details and dimensions can be found in the download section on this page under product sheet.
EB 32/44/65/80/95 OL
Chiller 3.2–9.5 kW
- robust industry standard
- fluid cooling with oils (viscosity range 22–68 cSt)
- steel housing with thick powder coating
- extremely versatile: units for operation with external pump (on site)
- fast available solution: units with standard pumps included
- separate cooling circuit and hydraulic circuit
- equipped with a programmable control module that allows small hystereses of the temperature of the cooling medium
- integration of project-specific additional components is possible on request
Technical data
Downloads
Ordering details
Product Benefits
- 1
Oil specific components
Custom heat exchanger specifically sized for oil cooling.
- 2
Highly customisable
Many optional features including hot gas bypass, flow switch and aluminium filter.
- 3
Cooling medium
Oils | high viscosity mixtures from 22 to 68 cSt @ +40 °C.
- 4
With or without pump
extremely versatile: units for operation with external pump (on site) - fast available solution: units with standard pumps included
- 5
Applications
For indoor applications.
- 6
Design
Separate cooling circuit and hydraulic circuit. Air outlet from the top of the unit.
- 7
Environment friendly
Due to high efficiency refrigerant R410A (R407C for smaller units).
- 8
Ambient conditions
Suitable for environment temperatures up to +45 °C.Just when he was about to fall into a desperate situation, he suddenly found that there was a mysterious pattern on his arm... Them everything became possible.
Eternity like an illusion of time, but for it, countless being had fallen while walking it road but countless still fallow it.Its road meant magnificent en enchanting as fear and despairA foreign being came to this world hiding behind shades of shadows unconsciously step into roads of eternityps: newbie on Englishpss: may resemble WMV, AA, WWpsss: slow writingpssss: It gonna be a hell of blood and darkness. You have been warned
'Song of Ice and Fire. is more like Song of Blood ' a man laid his eyes on the battle field filing the heavy aroma of blood croom to himself. ' A coincidence or not a came to this world' He came to the world of "Game of Throne" with his knowledge he forges the land, the iron, the steel and use as flame the blood of his enemies".This is a story of a man with a fragile heart but an unwilling one
Note:
- My schedule is once a week (mostly Fridays)
- I revise every 5 chapter ( except the first 10 that would be revised in one go )
- If I am in good mood (Or bored) you can expect new chapter.
- This book have a heavy reference to Song of Ice and Fire that his intellectual propriety of Georgy RR Martin (PS: don't sue me GRRM for playing with your work PSS: )
In a cultivation world a science and technology civilization apear!
What will happen now. Only war will tell.
Devine Wilderness where beast were food and human ants.In this strange world were beast devours each other and human run not to be mashedWhere living each day is a bless and a course and as if this is not enough nature try to f**k then allA man from an advanced civilization cross to this era,Wacht him as he mash beast and reshape nature
What happen to the world when a man got the tool he want to dominate the universe. This is a history of man that unleash his deep self and conquer everything.
Note 1: a beginner in English
Note 2: this history gonna be very slow
Note 3: be warned this is not for weak heart
I decided to remake this work. In the begging, I was going with a rich and detailed work chapter by chapter and end up realising that the progress was slow and demotivating for me to continue.
What happen whem you have a dark, cold and calculating personality in a world where the strong can change rules of the world as he please and weak can only beg for is live
First time writing and my english is not the best . Please be kind...
Royal Road® is the home of web novels and fan fictions! In our amazing community, you can find various talented individuals who write as a hobby or even professionally, artists who create art for them, and many, many readers who provide valuable feedback and encouragement.John McDonald
John McDonald (Service No 3863) was born in Balgownie, N.S.W., in 1896.
At enlistment he was 20 years old, single, worked as a miner and lived in Balgownie, N.S.W.
John embarked on HMAT A29 Suevic with the 13th Battalion, 12th Reinforcement, on 20th December 1915. After disembarking in Egypt he was transferred to the 4th Pioneers on 16th March 1916.
John arrived in France on 11th June 1916 and served with the Pioneers until 16th September 1916 when he was posted to the 4th Field Ambulance. He served on the Western Front until 12th July 1918, when he was wounded in action. John was evacuated to hospital for treatment from the effects of a severe gas attack. Badly affected by the gas he was returned to Australia in January 1919 and discharged medically unfit on th June 1919.
John is commemorated for his service on the Balgownie War Memorial.
Add new commentDIY: Bleach Tie-Dye
My Tie-Dye obsession continues! I've been experimenting with Bleach Tie-Dye on light colors to create a light mixture of pastels and white together. I really love how my sweatshirt turned out, and I wish I bought matching pants to complete the set. Anyways, to create this sweatshirt look, it cost me under $25!
Follow my step-by-step guide, or watch my tutorial of my DIY Bleach Tie-Dye on IGTV or Youtube.
What you will need:
COLORED Sweatshirt (linked the one I used)
Clorox Bleach (linked the exact kind I used)
Rubber Bands
Plastic cup (to mix the bleach in)
Instructions:
1. Grab your sweatshirt and run it under water (doesn't matter the temperature)! Once completely wet, squeeze out excess water until the sweatshirt is damp.
2. On a flat surface, lay your damp sweatshirt with the back side facing you.
3. Using a fork, poke the sweatshirt and start twirling the fabric (like a bowl of spaghetti), and place rubber bands around the sweatshirt to hold the swirls.
4. Keep creating swirls with the fabric of the sweatshirt until your sweatshirt is covered tightly.
5. Grab your plastic cup and fill it up with bleach halfway. Next, fill the other half of the cup with water (doesn't matter the temperature). Your cup should be 1/2 bleach and 1/2 water. Mix the liquids together (I used my finger, but I probably should of used a plastic spoon).
6. Pour the bleach & water cup mixture onto your sweatshirt! I poured half of the mix on each side to make sure it was even, but cover the sweatshirt as much as you'd like!
7. Let your sweatshirt covered in the bleach & water mixture sit for 1 hour. Check on it to see how the sweatshirt is reacting. I ended up only letting the bleach sit for 2 hours before I decided it was done!
Tip: Depending on how old your bleach is will impact how long it will take to bleach your sweatshirt. During my first try, my bleach was OLD and I waited 48 hours for the bleach to work. Once I used stronger/newer bleach, it took 1 hour.
8. This is an IMPORTANT part. Once done, grab your sweatshirt and run it underwater (again) to get all the bleach out. If you throw the sweatshirt in the washing machine before getting the bleach out, the bleach & detergent water will mix in your sweatshirt and will bleach your entire sweatshirt!
9. Once all the bleach is out (you can test this by no longer smelling a strong bleach scent from the fabric), place the sweatshirt, by itself, in the washing machine. Set the washing machine to cold wash and add laundry detergent.
10. Once washed, let it air dry or throw it in the dryer. Your sweatshirt is complete!
Check out my other blog post for DIY Pastel Tie-Dye if you want to play with more colors!
Leave any questions you have in the comments below!Archbishop Says His Heart Is at Home
Ljubljana, 13 February - The decision of Pope John Paul II is a sign of huge trust and I am very happy about it, Ljubljana Archbishop and Slovenian Metropolitan Franc Rode told an interview for daily Vecer, after the Pope appointed him this week prefect of one of the seven congregations of the Curia Romana.Arguably one of the most booked-and-busy stars in Hollywood, Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson is no stranger to working hard, and his training is no exception. He’s spoken before about how he never ends a workout early, and the first thing he does when he arrives somewhere new is find the nearest gym.
In a recent video on Instagram, Johnson elaborated on his work ethic, saying that putting in some extra effort on a Sunday—”sweat equity,” as he calls it—has helped him become successful.
“If you can find that time on a Sunday, especially on a Sunday when most aren’t working, and that’s fine, we all need that break, that recalibrating, that resetting,” he said. “Sometimes we need to unplug after the busy ass week we just had. But if you can find a way to get a little bit of work in on a Sunday, it just inherently sharpens those tools that set you up for success. It’s doing that little bit extra, that little bit more work on a Sunday, when most aren’t. Just a little bit. It doesn’t have to be crazy hours, but just find a little bit of time, it just gives you that edge.”
While he’s never been a slouch when it comes to his training, Johnson has especially upped the ante this year, working out harder than ever before and getting into the best shape of his career to play the comic book character Black Adam in an upcoming movie from DC. He’s shared insights into his new training regime on Instagram, and described how embodying the physicality is helping him get into character. He also promises that Black Adam is going to “raise the bar in terms of superhero movies.”
A post shared by therock (@therock)
Source: Read Full Article
Site-to-Site IPSec VPN between Cisco ASAv and pfSense Firewall
Introduction Short for IP Security, IPSec is an Internet Engineering Taskforce (IETF) standard suite of protocols between 2 communication points across an IP network that provide data authentication, integrity, and confidentiality. It is supported by different vendors. OpenSSL can still… Continue ReadingThis option is for the "Down Payment Only" for our Cosmetology Licensure Program. This fee does NOT cover thecost of the entire program. This purchase covers only the starter fees for the newly enrolled student. Please see "Product Info." to see what this purchase covers in detail.
Cosmetology (Deposit Only - Full Licensure Program)
$1,600.00Price
This purchase covers the following required items:
- $100 - Application Fee (non-refundable)
- $100 - Student Insurance for up to 1 year
- $850 - Online Access (Theory Bookwork)
- $100 - Student Scrubs (School Uniform) *Cannot be purchased or provided by the student separately.
- $300 - Student Cosmetology Kit *Cannot be purchased or provided by the student separately.
- $150 - Administrative Fee
No refunds, No exceptions! This course is non-refundable. Please make sure that you are ready to be 100% committed, before purchasing.North Of Gongnong Bridge, Yangshuo, China
£103
Cheapest rate
per night
This destination can have additional per person taxes which are excluded in the prices belowThis destination can have additional per person taxes which are excluded in the prices below
Situated in Yangshuo, Yangshuo Resort is known for its 5-star comfort and service. It offers free Wi-Fi, an indoor pool and a sauna.
There are a range of facilities on offer to those staying ...
Nightly rates at Yangshuo Resort Hotel will generally be 52% cheaper than the average 5-stars hotel in Yangshuo. When staying at Yangshuo Resort Hotel, you should be prepared to pay about £91/night, which is considered to be a good deal in Yangshuo for a 5-stars hotel.
For questions about Yangshuo Resort Hotel and your reservation, contact the front desk directly at +86 773 691 9988.
Yes, Yangshuo Resort Hotel has Wi-Fi available to hotel guests.
Yangshuo Resort Hotel has a normal check-in time of after 14:00, and check-out time of before 12:00.
Usually Yangshuo Resort Hotel room prices are around £91/night, with the cheapest deals starting from £91/night. Prices vary based on many factors (e.g. dates, time of year, room type etc.) so use the form above to see deals for your intended stay.
Yes, there is a restaurant on-site at Yangshuo Resort Hotel, Yangshuo, GX, China.
If you need to have clothes washed during your stay, you can take advantage of the laundry facilities and service at Yangshuo Resort Hotel.
Situated in Yangshuo, Banyan Tree Yangshuo offers stylish accommodation with superior amenities. It also provides an outdoor pool, a rooftop terrace and a kids club.
Located in Yangshuo, this modern hostel offers guests an outdoor pool, bicycle rental and free Wi-Fi. It also offers a ticket service, luggage storage and a tour desk.Paper Clip Art
Of course, these aren’t the one great causes to personal a pair of designer sun shades. One other factor which they’re very good at is making you look fabulous. Whether you’re on a beach or on the slopes a pair of sunglasses can complete an outfit irrespective of the season.
Butterfly Art
With the passage of time, whispers about the next successor of British throne because the Queen is growing older with many age associated diseases. The primary born of both gender may be successor of British throne however lately Queen instructed Prince William that she needs to see Kate Middleton pregnant and if it happens she would move the standing of Prince William as much as that of King. These the information about ‘Kate Middleton pregnant’ goes to be key for the status promotion for Prince William. The time will inform who will be the successor of British throne after Queen, till then we can wish all goes easy.
Chalkboard within the movie: I do not suppose I’m going to have the ability to watch it,” she says. “It’s the primary time I could not watch myself.”
Fallout 4 Art
The very subsequent 3 produces worked out poorly on the field workplace. The films didn’t do properly commercially as well as with the critics and so the producers weren’t pleased together with her work. She was after that casted in a multi starrer along with 2 well-known and properly-known Bollywood stars. This film went on to turn out to be the most effective grossing hits of that yr and did nicely with the movie critics as nicely. The a part of the youthful dressmaker was precisely what she represented, and she or he might depict this with ease.
Shiins Art
What’s the history of the college? What is its forte? Who’re the judges at the pre-entrance assessments? How much time do they provide for preparation earlier than the audition? Discover out all that there’s to know concerning the school and the audition. The Net is an exceptionally useful gizmo when you’re searching for all these solutions. Do your homework nicely, for this is what is going to let you know how you can prepare best.
Destiny 2 Concept Art
Born in Leeds England, Rachael Cairns moved to London at an early age to train at the “Sylvia Younger Theatre Faculty” where she was awarded the “Maggie Melville award” for ??The Most Promising Drama Scholar of the Sylvia Younger Theatre Faculty 2004??.
Important Point of This Case
The actor made his performing debut in the movie Saat Hindustani directed by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas. Jamie Oliver: Buddy Bear Maurice (boy) 3. Cool Sneakers. Discovering the obvious along with properly recognizable prepare or training middle meant for performing lessons have quite a bit significance in career scheme. The most effective thing about acting for an indie movie, especially if in case you have the main position, is that it exams you as an actor and the way good you may actually act.
About Author
26 year old Paediatrician Kristopher from Brentwood Bay, really loves bonsai trees, . and dancing. Enjoys travel and was encouraged after taking a trip to Pearling.
Find out more about group courses of Spanish and English for 10 students offered at RCM Thérèse de Blainville.
Rosemère Language School
Langues Mobilité, since 1998
“Those who know no foreign languages, know nothing of their own.”
-Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Learning a language quickly and effectively is easy at Langues Mobilité.
Our courses are offered with a personalized approach, at our school, in your workplace or home, privately or in groups as well as online or by telephone.
Your satisfaction and success are important to us.
Testimonials
We love this school because there is a continuous emphasis on oral practice.
It is very personalized and in private classes we have a teacher to ourselves.
I appreciate the professionalism of everyone who works here.
They are committed to our success and work hard to improve our knowledge.
I enjoyed my experience with Langues Mobilité very much.
The small group classes allow us to tackle the material more deeply. Thank you.
It’s a very good course.
It helped me to understand and express myself better.
It also helped me with grammar and conjugation.
Marta is an excellent teacher.
A professional school that targets very well the needs of the clients to help them reach their goals.
I enjoy my German class with Aria very much.
She knows exactly how to familiarize us with the language by using PowerPoint, repetition of words, referrals to websites, responding to all of our questions, or playing games to better assimilate the new material.
I intend to signup for the next session.
I appreciate my German course very much.
Aria makes sure that we speak in each lesson as well as for all the exercises we do in class.
She is professional and is committed to helping us improve ourselves.
I have been taking a Spanish course for a couple of weeks.
I am very satisfied with my course. The content is comprehensive and varied. I appreciate the interactive side which puts the theory quickly into practice. My teacher, Gabriella, is very organized, dynamic, and friendly.
I intend to continue for another session.
The Italian Level I course, with its structured learning environment, has enabled us to communicate easily from the very beginning through learning the Italian sounds and spelling, basic grammar, verbs, and with time, writing texts and role-playing.
Everything is done in a fun and friendly atmosphere orchestrated by a dynamic teacher.
Karine is an excellent teacher.
She knows all the modern practices to help us understand and use Portuguese as quickly as possible.The Pollution Report 2013 was released by China Ministry of Environmental Protection on June 4. According to the report, only 3 out of 74 Chinese cities measured met new air quality standards. Among the 10 worst cities for air quality, seven of them are located in Hebei Province.
June 5 is World Environment Day. The Chinese authorities released their report, indicating that last year, only Haikou, Zhoushan and Lhasa met air quality standards. The report surveyed a total of 74 cities, including Beijing, Tianjin, cities in Hebei, the Yangtze and Pearl River Deltas. Smog days were averaged 35.9 days last year, which is an 18.3 day increase from last year. This is the most severe occurrence since 1961.
On January 10, international NGO Greenpeace released it’s rankings for the air quality of 74 Chinese cities in 2013. This was based on average annual particle pollution concentrations, or PM2.5.
The Greenpeace rankings showed the Yangtze River Delta region was the hardest hit area. Western provinces showed emerging issues in air pollution.
In the monitoring program Ambient Air Quality Standards, 92% of cities failed to meet the state standard of PM2.5. Thirty two cities had twice the limit of the PM2.5. The top 10 worst air cities had three times the minimum level of PM 2.5. Seven of these cities are located in Hebei.
In particular, Xingtai and Shijiazhuang had an annual PM2.5 concentration of four times that of the minimum.
The U.S. survey showed that there were only 13 days last year that had good air quality in Beijing.
Greenpeace East Asia climate and energy campaigner Fang Lifeng has commented that Millions of Chinese are facing severe air pollution for one third of a year. Some areas rarely have any good air for the entire year.
Foreign Policy magazine’s recent report indicates that, nearly one-fifth of farmland is polluted, an official government study found in April, and so is three-fifths of China’s groundwater.
In a recent press release for the Pollution Report 2013, Chinese officials indicated that they will strive in the battle to control pollution of air, water, and soil.
Zhang Junfeng, environmentalist, Beijing: “We have not had a clear understanding of the cause of the pollution. The official claims for anti-pollution actions are pointless.”
Gong Shengli, commentator: “Speaking on the issue of pollution in water, soil and air, of course the Chinese populace need to take care of it. Without the participation of the people, the claims of the official makes it hard. It takes a check and balance of the policies, ideas and debates in science and technology. Otherwise, the effect will be counterproductive.”
Commentator Gong Shengli highlights past examples of the Chinese regime’s actions and decisions; the Three Gorges Dam, the Cultural Revolution, and the Great Leap Forward. All have only resulted in outrageous results and caused human catastrophes. He stresses the official battle against pollution is in need of scientific proof.
A recent survey by the Beijing and Northeast China chapters of the American Chamber of Commerce found that 48 percent of respondents “cited difficulty recruiting or retaining senior executives in China due to pollution.” This is what was reported in Foreign Policy.
Last October, thick haze covered most parts of northeast China. This includes Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning and other provinces. The Airport and more than 2,000 schools were forced to close in Harbin. Haze has also forced Heilongjiang Province to close a number of highways.
The Financial Times has reported earlier this year that the Airpocalypse in Beijing has forced foreign executives to leave China earlier and increased the cost in the investment in China.
The Greenpeace survey also indicated higher lung cancer and heart failure rates as a result of air pollution. This was based on the PM2.5 data from the regime officials.
Zhang Junfeng: “It is like all of the social problems we have encountered. Everything is closely related to our model of economic development. Only by recognising this will we step towards relieving the issues in social problems, as well as in pollution.”
The World Health Organization representative in China said in February this year that urban pollution in China should be dealt with as a “crisis”.We ship double basses and double bass accessories around the world year-round. Whenever possible, we re-use and repurpose the many packing supplies we encounter, saving the energy and waste of the paper recycling process.
Our insulated post-and-beam workshop is heated through the winter with wood heat, fed with local timber and yes – bass making scraps!
FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $150*
Submit Search
This new 2015 four piece $25 pure silver coin collection from the Royal Canadian Mint tells the Native Canadian story of how the stars of the night sky came to form the Big Dipper, using exceptional art and glow in the dark technology. story told through this series is about three great hunters who set out in pursuit of a great bear.
“That bear is killing all the animals and our people will starve. We must stop it,” the elders said. Three great hunters set out in pursuit of the great bear. They tracked it for many moons, across the earth and up into the sky. To this day, you can still see the great bear running across the sky with three hunters close behind. We usually call this formation “The Big Dipper”.
The Star Charts series coins tell the story in four parts, each beautifully represented on a $25 pure silver coin containing just over an ounce of pure silver. Each coin features a vibrant and artistic full colour image, and utilizes glow in the dark technology for the first time ever on a Canadian silver coin. When the lights go off, the stars glow brilliantly, forming an image the three great hunters and the bear, or the big dipper. Even the packaging for this set is beautiful, with the outer boxes joining together to form one cohesive story, including glow in the dark imagery.
Coin 1 - The Quest
The first issue shows the hunters answering the elders’ call to stop the bear before it kills all the animals in the forest and brings starvation to the people. The coin features an image of a hunter in traditional dress, face paint and ceremonial shield with a bear claw motif. In the background the Big Dipper shines brightly.
Coin 2 - Wounded Bear
The second issue in this four-coin series gives the account how the hunters struck the bear, but only managed to wound it. This is why leaves turn red in autumn.
Coin 3 - The Great Ascent
The hunters tracked the bear for many moons, right across the earth. Just as they thought they might catch it, the bear leapt to the heavens and the hunters followed without fear.
Coin 4 - The Eternal Pursuit
To this day, you can still see the great bear running across the sky
with three hunters close behind.
Mintages for each coin are limited to just 7,500. As a pure silver coin struck by the Royal Canadian Mint, this item is HST/GST exempt.
Back to topDecker's Granite & Cabinet Shop
Kitchen Remodels
Take your kitchen from "Drab to Fab". We have an on-site slab yard, do our fabrication on-site and our own installers finish the job - Top Quality at Affordable Prices. We offer Granite, Cambria quartz, HanStone quartz, Curava recycled glass, and Butcher Block CountertopsInformation Possibly Outdated
The information presented on this page was originally released on October 13, 2006. It may not be outdated, but please search our site for more current information. If you plan to quote or reference this information in a publication, please check with the Extension specialist or author before proceeding.
Drought robs pumpkin patches without irrigation.
“On the other hand, people with irrigated fields are having a very good year,” Nagel said. “If you have access to water, you want a drought. Pumpkins tend to be a very risky crop to grow. The large leaves on pumpkin vines are susceptible to fungal and viral diseases, and dry weather inhibits the movement of these diseases.”
Insects, which contribute to the spread of viral diseases, were not as common during the drought.
“Clear skies, bright sunshine, dry air and no rain were all factors that contributed to reduced disease pressure,” Nagel said. “Normally, pumpkin fields need to be sprayed with fungicides on a seven- to 10-day schedule. Dry years allow for significantly fewer treatments.”
Nagel said almost 600 acres were planned for pumpkins in Mississippi, but the actual planted acreage was closer to 400. Only about 20 percent of those acres were irrigated.
Mel Ellis of Mayhew Tomato Farm in Lowndes County is harvesting 4 acres of pumpkins for the first time this year. He said access to water made this a good year to venture into the pumpkin business. He is one of the few growers in the area to produce a crop.
“This was my year to determine the best spacing and a pesticide program. We planted three varieties of jack-o'-lanterns,” Ellis said. “We hope to at least double our acreage next year and add several varieties.”
Ellis' goal is to have at least 80 percent of his crop sold before Halloween. His pumpkins range from $3 to $10, depending on the size.
“The prices for pumpkins are very good this year because it wasn't just a local dry spell; it was dry throughout the Pumpkin Belt -- from the High Plains of Texas through the Midwest,” Nagel said. “Wholesale pumpkins are about $2,000 per acre, and you can double that price for retail.”
Yalobusha County Extension director Steve Cummings said that area's crop may be down by as much as 60 percent. If plants came up at all in the almost 60 acres of nonirrigated fields, many did not set fruit because of drought stress.
“The good news was that it did not cost as much to control insects and diseases this year,” Cummings said. “The pumpkins that did mature are of good quality.”US Senator Charles “Chuck” Grassley (R-IA)
One of the US Senate’s leading marijuana prohibitionists, Iowa Republican Charles “Chuck” Grassley, will no longer be heading the Senate Judiciary Committee in the 116th Congress.
Senator.
Grassley received a D- grade on NORML’s 2018 Congressional Scorecard. Next in line to Chair the Committee is Republican Lindsay Graham (R-SC), who received a C grade from NORML.
?”
Senator.
Tags: 116th United States Congress, Charles Grassley, Chuck Grassley, Lindsay Graham, Senate Judiciary Committee, United States SenateThe responsibility for repairs and upgrades may be the responsibility of either the landlord or the tenant depending on the type of repair, who caused the damages, and what repairs and upgrades were agreed to in the written lease.
The landlord is responsible for paying for and making all repairs to the rental property and common areas as are necessary to keep the premises in good condition and to maintain compliance with all relevant health, safety, fire, and building codes during the term of the lease. W.Va. Code §37-6-30.
The landlord is not responsible for making repairs to damage that was caused by the neglect or carelessness of the tenant, or others on the premises with the permission of the tenant. Even if those repairs would otherwise be required by law. W.Va. Code §37-6-30. The tenants are liable for repayment of any repairs made necessary due to their negligence or carelessness. Failure to pay such damages is a legal ground for,and may result in, eviction.
Generally, routine repairs are the responsibility of the landlord as a part of the services included with rent, however this can legally be altered by express agreement by all parties to the lease. Tenants do not have the right to waive their right to live in habitable housing and it is the duty of the landlord to maintain the property in the condition of habitability imposed by law. General repairs not affecting the warranty of habitability may be the responsibility of the tenant if the tenant has expressly agreed to this provision in the rental agreement.
If the tenant has a written lease, oral promises by the landlord to make repairs which are not included in the written document are not enforceable. For an agreement to make such repairs binding on either party, the oral agreement must be written into the written lease. Oral agreements and oral leases are very difficult to prove in court in the event of a disagreement between the parties.
Landlords are not generally responsible for changes to private living areas. In most cases, any upgrades desired by the tenant must be made at his or her own expense and the landlord has the right to require that the tenant remove any changes at the termination of tenancy or pay to have the changes removed.< Back
Maths Groups Chart: Seals
- Grade: All grades
Activity type: Printable
To save results or sets tasks for your students you need to be logged in. Studyladder is free to join Join Now, Free
Maths Groups Chart: Seals
- Course
Theme Based Learning
- Grade
n.a.
- Section
Back To School Activities
- Outcome
Mathematics Classroom Posters
- Activity Type
Printable
- Activity ID
37387Christmas stamps to feature traditional subjects with a modern twist
This year, Posti’s Christmas stamps will feature traditional Christmas imagery combined with more modern digital line art. The Christmas stamps designed by Klaus Welp portray a Eurasian bullfinch, a Christmas tree and the northern lights.
This year’s Christmas stamps will be available from Wednesday, November 3. Stamps suitable for all winter greetings will also be issued at the same time. We have compiled all the information related to Christmas at posti.fi/joulu.
“Many have warm memories of Christmas stamps already from their childhood. Despite the modern twist, we wanted the stamps to retain a warm visual narrative and message. By going through quite a number of drafts, we were able to find a style that works for the stamps,” says Tommi Kantola, Posti’s Design Manager responsible for stamp production.
In Finland, the first Christmas greetings were sent in the early 1880s, and the Christmas card tradition is still alive. Last year, nearly 18 million traditional Christmas greetings were sent in Finland. The first Finnish Christmas stamp was issued in 1973.
This is how Klaus Welp describes this year’s Christmas stamps:
Eurasian Bullfinch
“I sought a balance of humour and warmth in the stamp. The light of a Christmas Morning, crisp cold weather and a content Eurasian bullfinch eating rowan berries.” Eurasian Bullfinch is a no-value indicator stamp for Christmas greetings that will be issued as a 20-stamp sheet.
Spruce
“Christmas trees have been portrayed in numerous stamps in many different ways. I wanted to create a form that is both decorative and simple for this familiar subject.” Spruce is a domestic no-value indicator stamp that will be issued as a 10-stamp sheet.
Northern Lights
“Northern lights against a dark sky are a stunning sight. Portraying them simply but beautifully was an interesting challenge.” Northern Lights is an international no-value indicator stamp that will be issued as a 10-stamp sheet.
Winter arrives with the first snow
The First Snow stamps for winter greetings were designed by Matti Pikkujämsä. “I first sketched soft moods and simple subjects and compositions that bring warmth to a cold time.”
“The dog and the snowflake in the first stamp are dedicated to dog people but also to all of us who have sometimes tried to catch a snowflake on our tongue. The second stamp depicts the friendship between a snowman and a bird. The cold can be warded off with closeness,” says Pikkujämsä.
First Snow is a 10-stamp sheet with two different domestic no-value indicator stamp designs.
Everything you need at posti.fi/joulu
You can find all Christmas mail information at posti.fi/joulu. On the website you can find the dates and instructions for sending Christmas cards and parcels, the emptying times for mailboxes, information about Posti’s service points, information about products and services, etc. Posti’s Christmas website opens on November 1, 2021.
Christmas greetings with a Eurasian Bullfinch Christmas no-value indicator stamp (the stamp has a snowflake symbol) will be delivered in time for Christmas as long as they are mailed by Tuesday, December 14. Cards can be dropped off in a mailbox until midnight on that day. The price of the stamp is EUR 1.30.
Christmas cards with a Spruce domestic no-value indicator stamp (the stamp’s symbol is a map of Finland) will be delivered in time for Christmas as long as they are mailed by Sunday, December 19, in accordance with the emptying schedules for mailboxes and Posti’s drop-off points. The price of the stamp is EUR 1.85.
If you are running late with your Christmas cards, you can add a Plus Sticker next to the domestic no-value indicator stamp, in which case you can still mail your cards on Tuesday, December 21, in accordance with the emptying schedules for mailboxes and Posti’s drop-off points.
The last mailing dates for Christmas greetings to recipients outside of Finland can be found on Posti’s Christmas website at posti.fi/joulu.D.
“The Gemstones have exactly what they’ve always wanted in life,” McBride said. “We wanted to show how corrosive and damaged you could still be.”
The family business is a mega-church; McBride said this isn’t meant to lampoon religion, only hypocrisy. Eli is a true believer, but he’s strayed a bit since his wife died; his kids stray a lot.
The setting allows everything to be bigger – visuals, sight gags and soap-style twists, with a hint of murder. “We’ve always wanted to kill more people in our shows,” McBride joked.
A church is familiar turf for him. He grew up in Virginia – near the Marine base in Quantico, where his mother and stepfather worked – and was immersed in the Baptist religion.
“My mom did puppet ministry …. I spent every Sunday, every Wednesday, every Saturday night at church and my family is still very involved with the church. My aunt is a minister.”
That’s his mom’s sister, who’s at a mainstream church in Atlanta. Castmates also bring religious roots:
— “I grew up in the Southern Baptist church,” Goodman said, “and it was very emotionally involving …. It was a lot of splendor and screaming (from) the pulpit and the rhythms of speech.”
— “We went every Sunday, for sure,” Patterson said. That was an Episcopal church that also had activities during the week. “Religion in general is all about family and feeling like you fit in.”
— At least, some people fit in. Devine went to a Catholic church and envied the Protestants who “would go to a mega-church. It semed way more fun. There was like rock-climbing walls and video games to play. We just had a hard, wooden bench to sit on and to kneel.”
The Gemstones have all the right toys, plus a spectacular, multi-media church building. That was created in the Charleston, S.C., area, where McBride lives and the show is filmed.
“I guess summer is the down time for the North Charleston Coliseum,” he said. “They had nothing going on, so we were allowed to build a mega-church inside.”
Then came the disturbing news that the Charleston Stingrays, a minor-league hockey team, had made the playoffs and might oust them. The Stingrays lost in the first round, 4-games-to-1 and all was well. “We were really rooting against them,” director David Gordon Green said.
But, perhaps, not praying against them. That would have been rude.
— “The Righteous Gemstones,” 10 p.m. Sundays, HBO
— Opener, Aug. 18, reruns at 12:30 and 3 a.m.; also at 9:35 p.m. Thursday (Aug. 22) and 10:10 p.m. Saturday (Aug. 24).
— Also, latenight shows Tuesday night at midnight and Wednesday night at 12:25 a.m.; technically, that’s 12 a.m. Wednesday and 12:25 a.m. ThursdaySpacer made of PC
Product specification
Spacers with very high stability and smooth, bright surface
Rigid, impact resistant and unbreakable
Inflame and extinguish after removal of the ignition source, burn smoking (smell of phenol)
Chemical features:
Resistant to many organic acids, mineral acids of high concentration, oxidants and reducing agents, fats and oils, neutral and acidic salt solutions, aliphatic and cycloaliphatic hydrocarbons and alcohols, except methanol
Technical specification
Material: PC (polycarbonate)
Colour: light grey-white
Density: 1.2 g/cm3 (DIN 53479)
Temperature range: -100 to +135 °C (continuous use in the air)
Tensile modulus: 2,200 - 2,400 N/mm2 (DIN 53457)
Tensile strength: 55 - 75 N/mm2
Pressure resistance: >80 N/mm2
Ball pressure hardness: 100 - 110 N/mm2 (30-sec. value, DIN 53456)
Rockwell hardness R: 118 - 125 MPa (ASTM D 785)
Impact resistance:
at +20 °C: without break
at +100 °C: without break (DIN 53453)
Notch impact strength:
at +20 °C: 20 - 30 kJ/m2
at -40 °C: 10 - 15 kJ/m2 (DIN 53453)
Notch impact strength (Izod): 900 J/m2 (ISO 180-4 A)
Thermal conductivity: 0.21 W/m * K (DIN 5261)
Flammability rating: UL 94
Dielectric strength: 35 kV/mm (DIN 53481)
Volume resistivity: >1017 Ohm x cm (DIN 53482)
Surface resistance: >1015 Ohm (DIN 53482)
Comparative track. index (CTI): 255 - 300 (DIN 53480)
Dielectric constant: 2.9 at 1 MHz (DIN 53483)PSG reject Barça's move for midfielder Adrien Rabiot
The France international is out of contract next summer
Barcelona have made a move to try and sign Paris Saint-Germain's Adrien Rabiot. The midfielder's people have been in contact with Eric Abidal and Pep Segura, who have spoke to PSG about a possible deal. The French club, for now, have said there's no chance they will sell. A deal will be tough this summer. Rabiot's out of contract next summer and could join Barça for free then if there's no deal this year.
Barça's signing committee want to sign two midfielders after the loss of Andres Iniesta and Paulinho. Arthur has already signed and the club are looking at other options. Rabiot is believed to be on the markey and he's spoken with several clubs but Barça have shown the most interest. PSG are the problem. The relationship between the clubs, after the Neymar saga, is not good.
It remains to be seen how things will evolve and if Rabiot will play his part to push through a deal this summer. Barça believe he should be reasonably cheap given his contract situation but PSG have no need to sell. Rabiot's told the Ligue 1 side he's ready to leave Paris and Barça hope to take advantage of the situation. For the moment, though, negotiations are complicated.Sophie Turner Is Spending Time with Joe Jonas on Tour Right Now!
About Photo #1325999: Sophie Turner is tagging along for the current leg of the Jonas Brothers' tour! The 25-year-old actress was spotted holding hands with her husband Joe Jonas… Read The Post Here
Posted to Joe Jonas, Jonas Brothers, Nick Jonas, Sophie Turner! ------------------------------------- --> <! ----------------------------------------------10--------20--------30--------40--------50--------60--------70--------80--------90--------100-------110-------120-------130-------140-------150-------160-------170-------180 Food, Grand Suite, Ship Information, Restaurants, Cruise Ship, Cruise Compass, Cruise Director, Cruise Compass PDF, Cruise Terminal, Virtual Tour, Ship Facts, Ship Map, Ship Layout, News, Forum, Staterooms, Balcony Cabin, Cruise Clues --> <! Deck Plans, Webcam, ---- Cruise , Cruise , Cruise , Cruise , Cruise , Cruise , Cruise , Cruise , Cruise , Cruise , Cruise , --- Ship , Ship , Ship , Ship , Ship , Ship , Ship , Ship , Ship , Ship , --- Cruise Ship Jobs,?Take some time to think about why you love yourself. What makes you an amazing person?
You could use one of the sheets below to help you reflect, maybe create your own mind map or possibly a picture.
Do something that makes YOU feel good!
This could be some colouring, drawing, playing with toys you love, listening to your favourite music or going for a walk.
Make it something away from the screen.No Bake Haystack Cookies are just the thing to satisfy your intense sweet tooth cravings. It’s the ideal recipe for little hands to help, too!. Easy, 4 Ingredient, No Bake Peanut Butter S’mores Bars are another favorite I love making when it’s too hot to turn on the oven.
OR, you can make these butterscotch No Bake Haystack Cookies.
Haystack Cookies
Have you ever had No Bake Haystacks? In the Venn Diagram of “Cookies” and “Candy” these butterscotch haystacks are squarely in the middle.
These were inspired by the Spider Cookies I made earlier this summer. And while those cookies were a huge hit, I had some readers suggest that maybe I consider calling it candy.
Those were really just melted chocolates, peanut butter and crunchy chow mein noodles which I suppose sounds more like the ingredients list for a homemade fudge than a cookie.
They also suggested I make a butterscotch version. One that resembles haystacks. I love to make my readers happy, so this one’s for you, Mary. You know who you are!!
Butterscotch Haystacks
In a sea of peanut butter and chocolate options, butterscotch treats don’t get nearly the attention they deserve.
That sweet caramely flavor in these butterscotch haystacks reminds me a lot of those little butterscotch candies I used to sneak from candy bowls as a kid.
To make these haystacks, I swapped out the milk chocolate from my original); they certainly look like stacks of hay!.
Pin this now to save for laterPin this recipe to your favorite Board
What you’ll need
To make these crunchy sweet no-bake treats, you need:
[Ingredients at a glance; scroll down for full recipe with amounts]
- butterscotch chips
- peanut butter chips
- white chocolate chips
- spanish peanuts
- chow mein noodles
STEP 1. Line your counter with parchment paper.
STEP 2. In a large saucepan, combine butterscotch morsels, peanut butter morsels, and white chocolate morsels. Heat on low, stirring constantly until smooth. Remove from heat and fold in peanuts and chow mein noodles. Stir until combined. Using a small cookie scoop (or two teaspoons), drop mixture onto parchment paper in small clumps.
Allow the butterscotch haystacks to set for at least 15 to 30 minutes. Then transfer them to an airtight container.
They keep well at room temperature but I prefer to store these haystacks in the fridge. You can really taste the butterscotch flavor when these cookies are cold!
Recipe Notes
- Stove free method: You can also melt the butterscotch and peanut butter (and white chocolate) together in a microwave safe bowl. Then pour over your peanuts and chow mein noodles! This is a great hack for dorm room baking, for when your stove is out of commission or when it’s just too darned hot to turn on the stove.
- Chow mein noodle substitute: Chow mein noodles can usually be found in the Asian or International foods aisle of the grocery store. If you can’t find chow mein noodles, you can also substitute the small skinny pretzel sticks. I’ve done this a few times now and they’re equally as delicious this way!
- Spanish peanuts are the kind with the red skin. They have a little bit of a nuttier flavor than other kinds of peanuts that I love in the no bake haystacks. If you can’t find them, feel free to substitute another kind of salted roasted peanut.
These butterscotch haystack cookies are the perfect treat to make with kids! With no baking required and just a few simple ingredients, this recipe helps you satisfy your sweet tooth without any hassle.
Recipe originally published October 1, 2015.
I do this recipe but we use shosetting potatoes instead of the chow mein noodles
I have a grandson with peanut allergies—-what would be a good substitute???
Biscoff spread is a great nut free substitute for peanut butter, and it tastes amazing!
Love your easy recipes I am all most 74 and don”t want to spend a lot of time in the kitchen but like to make goodies for the grandkids Thank You
You’re welcome. I’m sure your grandkids will love this one 🙂
Delicious! This makes me realize I don’t eat enough butterscotch!
I agree completely. Time to butterscotch #allthefoods
I love anything butterscotch flavour I need to make these! Thanks of sharing
oooh I have not had haystacks in FAR too long! Love this recipe!
Thank you Amiee. My picture is my facebook profile picture and I don’t know how to transfer it to your comment site. This reply isn’t my picture. Pretty girl though.lol.
haha, don’t worry about it 🙂!
I love all of your recipes and I am so glad I subscribed to your site. I try so many recipes and they are all true to the recipe. Thank you .
Thanks Donna, I’m so glad you love my recipes. Happy baking and cooking!!
This is the first haystack cookie I’ve ever seen and I can’t wait to try it! I love no-bake cookies!
as these are easy I love them they are sweet and seems delicious with peanut butter
How fun! Perfect little haystacks for fall and harvest season. We just got done harvesting crops so this is fun to see 🙂
If I wanted to do chocolate how of it do I mix.
My mom and I used to make these every single Christmas! They are the perfect crunchy cookies tray addition PLUS I love eating the chow mein noodle leftovers 🙂
These look so good! I remember making something similar with the kids when they were younger!By A.Kameshwari New Delhi, July 29 : Musical duo Armaan and Amaal Malik's journey in Bollywood's music industry was not a fairytale at all.
Despite belonging to a family which has been in the film industry for years, the duo had a huge challenge to break through the stereotype of being born with a silver spoon and create music that would keep up with the ever changing mood of the present generation.
In a recent conversation with ANI, the 'Bol Do Na Zara' singer said it is not easy to be successful in Bollywood.
"People don't think music to be a reliable source of income or career, which I will agree in a way because Bollywood is a very risky place to be in.." Terming Armaan's decison of becoming a singer as a 'bold' one, the 'Roy' music director said, "People expected Anu Malik or my dad, Dabboo." For the first time ever, the duo will be judging a reality show on radio and they are pretty excited about it.
On being asked what are they looking for in the contestants, Armaan said what matters to him is how a contestant performs in front of the audience, while for Amaal the singer should have an 'X factor'.
Armaan and Amaal will be judging 92.7 BIG FM's singing talent hunt Benadryl BIG Golden Voice Season 4.
Source: ANIIndonesia is the world’s third biggest cocoa producer but Indonesian chocolate is rarely recognised for its terroir. With the gradual shift to the bean-to-bar concept where the producer is in charge of every step of the chocolate making process including sourcing and processing, a new breed of artisan chocolate has emerged. Among them are Krakakoa and Primo Bali.
For a chocolate drink maker like Indomilk, it does not have to go as far as coming up with bean-to-drink chocolate milk. However, its latest product Indomilk Java Criollo Premium Chocolate drink did put a brief stop to consumer fascination with foreign chocolate from non-cocoa producing countries like Switzerland.
Criollo is one of the three main cocoa varieties after Forastero and Trinitario. Criollo is also the rarest and accounts for only 5% of the world’s cocoa production, according to chocolate specialist Barry Callebaut. In Indonesia, Criollo is grown on the island of Java thus its name Java Criollo.
The new Indomilk Java Criollo Premium Chocolate drink pays homage to the local Java Criollo cocoa and is available at Indomaret in a 190ml asceptic carton for a price of IDR 4,900.BRASILIA (Reuters) -.
But destruction of the forest releases large quantities of CO2, one of the main greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming. Large-scale Amazon deforestation has made Brazil one of the world’s top greenhouse gas emitters, due to fires and the spread of agriculture and cattle ranching.
The 2020 emission goals were set out in the 2009 Copenhagen Accord to combat climate change. Under the more ambitious Paris Agreement in 2015 on climate change, Brazil has set goals for further steep cuts in greenhouse gas emissions for 2025 and 2030.
“The policy message is that we can and should remain in the Paris Agreement (because) it is possible to effectively implement the commitments that have been made,” said Thiago Mendes, secretary of climate change in the Environment Ministry.
Reporting by Jake Spring and Maria Carolina Marcello; editing by Diane Craft
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.Sean // Becca Intimate Covington Wedding
I knew Becca from a writing workshop I attended in Hazard, Ky. In her writing, her voice was elegant but also dark and floral feeling in its lushness. I suspected her style hadn’t changed. Sean, on the other hand, is a break dancing, music-making bad boy from New Zealand. Only good things could come of the combination.
They had such a unique vision for their intimate Covington, Kentucky wedding. Not only would it compliment their personalities — sophisticated, yet with a touch of badassery, fashionable yet minimalist — it would represent in many ways the melding of two cultures and histories. Sean is Maori, and his mother, father, and brother all flew in to celebrate. The ceremony (held at a family friend’s gorgeous and quirky historical house) was beautifully rich with traditional Maori elements, included the most amazing traditional feather cloak, as well as recitations in Maori by his parents.
To top it all off, after the reception (and some great dancing!), a small party of wedding-goers went out on the town in Cincinnati for Goodfella’s Pizza and beer. My kind of ending!
For brevity, I’ve only posted photos from their first look and portrait session at Hotel Covington — a stunning venue, ideal for the minimalist and modern vibes Becca and Sean loved. Check out the slideshow for a look into the full day — just type the password, “Kiwi”, into the input.
Becca + Sean’s Slideshow
Just type the password “Kiwi” to check out the day’s highlightsShawbrook Bank enhances buy-to-let range with new portfolio product By Bridging Loan Directory - 18th November 2021 /> Shawbrook Bank has today introduced a new mid-range product to its Buy-to-Let offering, predominately aimed at supporting portfolio landlords owning simple property types. Customers who meet the criteria will benefit from a reduced 5-year fixed rate of 4.09% up to 75% LTV. This completes a full revamp of Shawbrook’s Buy-to-Let offering, which has followed the launch of its new digital portal, MyShawbrook Buy-to-Let. The lender’s refreshed product range is designed to support the entire spectrum of the Buy-to-Let market – from the simple to the complex and everything in between. Non-Portfolio: Aimed at non-portfolio landlords with simple asset types who qualify and proceed with an AVM. It is designed to support straightforward cases, which benefit most from the automated features of MyShawbrook Buy-to-Let, including automated property valuations (AVMs). Portfolio: A mid-range product supporting individual or standalone SPV portfolio landlords with multiple simple assets (e.g. single dwellings or small HMOs). These customers will still benefit from the streamlined application process but are more complex and involve some manual underwriting. Properties must meet Shawbrook’s AVM criteria, and the AVM must be successful, but the customer can opt to proceed with a full valuation. If the AVM is unsuccessful, the case can proceed on Shawbrook’s Specialist product. Specialist: Supporting complex cases that require specialist underwriting capabilities. e.g. complex property (large HMOs, student blocks etc) or borrower types. Cases will still follow a slicker application journey, benefiting from features including automatic data input via integration with third parties such as Companies House. Gavin Seaholme, Head of Sales at Shawbrook Bank, comments: “We’ve gradually been enhancing our Buy-to-Let proposition to support the needs of the entire market. Firstly, with revolutionary technology that improves the application experience for all, and now with products that are carefully designed to suit the requirements of different borrower types. At Shawbrook we pride ourselves on striking the perfect balance of people and technology and now our products reflect that – offering the perfect blend of automation and specialist underwriting skills for each case, depending on its complexity.” Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) You may also likeProperty Attributes
- MLS#9073873
- TypeCond) - 86 - GA
Property Description
This 30 unit new development in the heart of East Atlanta with a one of a kind modern design is walking distance to the Beltlines counter-tops, and a stunning backsplash.The family room is perfect for entertaining friends and family with natural light and sliding doors leading to your own outdoor patio. Master bedroom suite offers beautiful natural light, a custom walk-in closet, and a spa-like master bathroom complete with modern floating double vanity, and a linen closet. There is an additional secondary bedroom with a private bathroom and walk-in closet that could also be used for an office for those working from home., the Beltline, and jump on I-20 with ease! Moreland Walk is also FHA APPROVED!
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Pets
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolFriday's Film Reviews those ‘Tomorrow’ from Wallis on the city streets.
An extended sequence at the premiere of a fantasy film called Moon Quake Lake - featuring wink-wink cameos from Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis and Rihanna – is rather cute.
“People love musicals, they’re magical,” observes one character.
This version of Annie has an ample sprinkling of that lustre dust.
3/53/5
18%18%
It’s time to say goodbye.
The third chapter of the blockbusting Night At The Museum franchise has lost two of its greatest –.
Night At The Museum: Secret Of The Tomb milks our affection for the characters without exhausting our good will.
There’s nothing innovative in the third film but good humour and sweetness prevail, and the script continues to have fun juxtaposing the modern and ancient worlds like when Sir Lancelot asks Nick, “Have you ever held a blade?” and the teenage responds, “Only in World Of Warcraft.”
London looks splendid through Levy’s lens, accompanied by a predictable yet rousing chorus of The Clash, and an extended cameo by a Hollywood superstar during the frenetic denouement is a treat.
Stiller seems to have tears in his eyes for most of the second half, relying predominantly on co-stars to lasso the laughs.
When Williams’ waxwork President acknowledges the end is nigh and softly remarks, “You have to let us go,” it’s hard not to get a little lump in your throat.
3/53/5
45%45%
Forrest Gump, one of cinema’s great innocents, famously remarked that “stupid is as stupid does” and.
Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels reprise their roles as best pals Lloyd Christmas and Harry Dunne, who mix up their words (“That’s all water under the fridge”) and are blinkered to the perils of modern life.
They merrily take a shower under the waste water pipe from a nuclear power plant..
1/51/5
27%27%Congress Should Stop Wildfires From Spreading Effects in the East | Commentary).
But those east of the Mississippi can no longer ignore this problem. When looked at more holistically, elected leaders would see that wildfires have far reaching effects, even to the East, and to effectively manage them, from a funding standpoint, prompt change is needed.
Currently, Congress sets the budget for emergency fires as part of annual appropriations based on predictions that are hard to make given the uncertainty of where and how wildfires will strike. If these funds are used up, the U.S. Forest Service and the Department of the Interior must “borrow” funds from other programs within their agencies. The funds are often pulled from programs that assist private and family woodland owners all across the country with land management, forest restoration and fire prevention.
In the past 15 years, this situation has happened eight times, where funds were pulled from preventative or restorative programs that aid forest land across the U.S., and transferred to the West to fight wildfires.
This wildfire funding problem can be extremely disruptive to programming that needs long-term investments to ensure forest health or restore critical forest ecosystems. Ironically, it’s often most disruptive to programs that are designed to get ahead of the problem and mitigate underbrush and fuel for wildfires that, in the long run, will reduce costs.
Another element to consider is the majority of the nation’s forests — 56 percent of the more than 751 million wooded acres — are actually in private hands. And nearly two-thirds of these acres are owned not by timber companies, but by 22 million individuals and families. And, these private woodlands largely reside in the Northeastern and Southeastern portion of the states.
Key programs, such as the U.S. Forest Service’s Forest Stewardship Program, help these family woodland owners care for and sustain healthy forests, which provide innumerable benefits. This program engages family woodland owners in delivering public benefits — from reducing sedimentation in the Lake Superior Basin to longleaf restoration in the Piney Woods of Mississippi, to wildfire mitigation in critical watersheds in Oregon and Colorado.
If we don’t fix the funding structure for wildfire disaster, these forests and programs could lose out in big ways.
Luckily, the bipartisan Wildfire Disaster Funding Act provides a solution. The bill would treat true emergency wildfires much like other natural disasters such as hurricanes, with which states like Florida, Louisiana and South Carolina should be all too familiar. This will solve both the “fire borrowing” problem and allow the agencies to refocus funding to their land management missions, not just firefighting.
While the bills in both the House and the Senate have gained considerable bipartisan support from states in the West, strangely, support among Eastern and Southern delegations is lacking. Recently, family forest owners from across the country met with representatives on Capitol Hill to share the story of the impact of this wildfire funding problem and urge support for a legislative fix.
In addition, this week Vermont Sen. Patrick J. Leahy, U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell and U.S. Department of Agriculture Undersecretary Robert Bonnie celebrated 25 years of success for those key U.S. Forest Service programs: the Forest Stewardship, Forest Legacy and Urban & Community Forestry programs. These programs have made tremendous strides in keeping our forests as forests, providing Americans with clean air, water, wildlife habitat, wood products and the other amenities we value so highly. But we won’t be celebrating a 50-year anniversary of these programs and their success if we don’t fix this wildfire funding problem.
So as the summer heats up, and Forest Service burns through their budget to fight wildfires, I hope members of both the House and Senate, no matter which side of the Mississippi they call home, consider supporting the Wildfire Disaster Funding Acts.
Tom Martin is CEO of the American Forest Foundation.Knowledge
There has been some observational evidence that a greater depth of anesthesia, as measured by BIS, may be associated with an increase in post-operative mortality. In particular the association of the "triple low state" (low BIS, low volatile-ET, low MAP) with post-operative mortality is worrying.
Completion of the Balanced Anaesthesia Study Group’s large RCT looking at this issue however brings us as close to a final word as we may expect. Short et al. (2019) showed no difference in 1-year mortality for older patients undergoing major surgery, whether they received a deep (BIS target 35) or light (BIS target 50) general anaesthetic.
It is likely that earlier observational studies were showing the consequences of intraoperative hypotension resulting from anaesthetic depth, rather than anaesthetic depth itself.summary
expand and show 3 more articlesKevin Levrone Whey Supreme 5lbs – Supplement superstore India, Meerut, UP
Buy Kevin Levrone Whey Supreme 5lbs, now available online in Meerut, UP. Shop Kevin Levrone Whey Supreme Kevin Levrone Whey Supreme 5lbs
Kevin levrone whey supreme is a nutritious and delicious protein drink based on high quality whey protein concerntrate, recommended for everyone supplementing their diet with proteins.Designed especially for physically active people to support the training of professional athletes and amateurs.
Because there’s no crude heat, harsh acids, or excess sodium to speak of, this premier cold-pressed, and the micro-filtrated blend provide only the most potent whey protein fusion available. Therefore, mixing LevroWheySupreme into water, milk, juices, or smoothies is a snap!
As Developed by one of the sport’s most iconic and legendary athletes, Kevin Levrone, LevroWheySupreme is the optimal choice for those who partake in high-intensity exercise regimens. Ideal for Serious Athletes and Everyday Health Conscious Folks Alike!.
Nutritional Facts
Energy 113 kcal
Total Fat 1.9g
Of which Satured Fat 1.3g
Carbohydrates 1.9g
Of which sugars 1.5g
Protein 22g
Salt 0.15g
Product Info
Vegetarian/Non-Vegetarian Vegetarian
Flavour Chocolate
Goal Muscle Building,Muscle Recovery
Gender Men,Women
Lifestage Adult
Other Ingredients
Whey protein concentrate, flavorings, thickener (carboxymethylcellulose), anti-caking agent (silicon dioxide), sweetener (sucralose).
How To Use
Mix 1 scoop of powder (30 g) with 300 ml of water or skimmed milk. Drink before a workout or immediately.GHRT4001 Iss 1
Core Safety Clauses for Working on or about Railtrack Operational Controlled Infrastructure
Synopsis
Core safety clauses to be included in all Contracts and Agreements for working on or about Railtrack Operational Controlled Infrastructure.
Read full standard
Registered
Withdrawn
Railway Group Standard
- Issued:
- 01/06/1994
- Published:
- 01/06/1994
- In Force:
- 01/08/1994
- Withdrawn:
- 03/02/1996This is a pair of replacement seats that look and fit great in all model year FIat and Pininfarina 124 Spiders.
Are your existing factory-issue seats broken or twisted beyond repair? Here is an economical and reliable solution!
Their size, shape and style are nearly identical to the originals, but with modern construction, including a storage pocket in the rear.
Mounts into your car with slight modifications to the factory seat adjuster rails currently fitted to your existing seats.
Original style seat adjuster rails, if needed, are sold separately.
NOTE: These seats have a slightly larger head rest.
Condition: NEW
New and unused.Iran accepts only the nuclear deal sealed in 2015 Published on: April 21, 2021 10:31 By: Prensa Latina Tehran, Apr 21 (Prensa Latina) The president of Iran, Hassan Rouhani, affirmed that the Islamic republic will only accept the same Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) or nuclear agreement signed in 2015.Whatsapp Video Status Group link, Indian viral video Whatsapp group link, Free Whatsapp Status Download, How are you all guys, I hope you all are fine. Today we are back with another Whatsapp group link article. most of the users are looking for 30 sec Whatsapp Status group link, that’s why we are going to post this article, so if you are searching for the same then you are on right track, here we thegrouplinks provide you the best Whatsapp Video status Download for free, So don’t waste more times, hurry up join these groups given below.
Basket Products allow you to sell a group of products as if they were one product (e.g. a hamper). Once sold, stock will be deducted from all products in the basket. You can also use Basket Products to sell products that deduct stock from another product at the same time (e.g. beer kegs).
Note: Basket Products can also keep track of themselves and function the same as a regular product in all other ways (e.g. they can be put on promotion).
Creating a Basket Product
Creating a Basket Product is similar to creating a General Product. Skip the Product Creation Wizard and select Basket Product from the 'Type' drop down menu. An additional box labelled 'Basket Items' will appear below, on here you can specify the products that are in the Basket and what quantity should be deducted when one is sold.
Basket Product Inventory
A basket product can have inventory and affect the product found within the basket, let's take a look at the different outcomes.
Below a basket product has been created with two products, each product within the basket has a quantity of 1.
Manual Inventory Adjustment
If the basket product inventory is manually adjusted to 1 via the product edit screen, it does not change the inventory value for the products within the basket.
Inventory Reports
Basket products do not appear on the inventory reports as the value is represented by the products found within the basket.
Stocktaking
Currently, the inventory for the basket product remains at 1, let's do an express stocktake on the basket product and Override the count with 2.
The products within the basket have gained an inventory value of 1, while the basket product has a value of 2.
Let's do an advanced stocktake and not count the basket product or the products within. We will Zero Other Stock for products not counted.
You will notice the basket product has lost 2 items. The products within the basket must also lose 2 items, resulting in -1 for each product within the basket.
Receiving an Order
If our inventory is 0 for the basket product and the products within the basket, let's Save & Receive a quantity of 1 for the order. The result is 1 for all but remember the basket value is not added to the inventory report.
Selling a basket product
If we sold 1 basket product when all of the inventory levels were previously at 1, the resulting inventory is 0 for all.
Let's sell another basket product;
Let's perform a stocktake again and not count the basket product or the products within and Zero Other Stock for products not counted.
Assume we sold a basket product and completed a stocktake for only the products found within the basket.
Product A and Product B were scanned/counted as 0 in the stocktake.
The inventory looks as follows after applying the stocktake;
Let's perform a stocktake again and not count the basket product or the products within and Zero Other Stock for products not counted.
You will notice the basket product has gained 1 item. The products within the basket must also gain 1 items, resulting in 1 for each product within the basket.
Please sign in to leave a comment.by Continent Worldwide
by Continent Worldwide
by Continent Worldwide
by Continent Worldwide
by Continent Worldwide
An advantageous investment with the most owner friendly franchise opportunity
An advantageous investment with the most owner friendly franchise opportunity
CORPORATE EXECUTIVE PROFILES
Ethem Zagikyan
Managing Director & Principal
Continent Worldwide Hotels
With more than 26 years of hospitality experience working for the variety of hotel groups in Turkey, Russia, UAE, and Central Asia, Ethem has worked in various managerial positions such as Director of F&B, Executive Assistant Manager and General Manager roles within Hilton, Hyatt, Emperial, Iberostar, Hawthorn and Wyndham hotel groups.
He managed property openings and beside of Continent Worldwide Hotels, led the brand development committee of Pacific Plaza Hotel Management Company in Russia.
He developed Continent Hotels & Resorts Brand and its sub-brands which after converted collectively Continent Worldwide Hotels Ltd. With the support of his father -Veteran Hotelier- Jirayr Zagikyan who has wide hospitality and hotel operation experience.
Other key developments and franchised brands led by Ethem has included the several independent Food & Beverage Outlets and Concepts such as People Club, House of People Club & Lounge, People Fine Dining Cafe, Loona Club, Aromas Cafe, and Valentine’s Restaurant.
Since 2006, Continent Worldwide Hotels, develops its path via Master Franchise partners and Regional Representatives, in East Asia, South Asia, South East Asia, Middle East, and Africa continents.
Bogac Gulderen
President
Operations & Franchise Development Worldwide
Bogac Fethi Gulderen is the President / Operations & Franchise Development -Worldwide of Continent Worldwide Hotels, Turkey.
Bogac Fethi Gulderen is a seasoned hotel professional with wealthy Rooms Division, F&B, and General Hotel Management experience. During his career, he used to work International chain hotels such as Iberostar, Sheraton, and Emprial. He developed and opened/reopened the certain number of hotels and nowadays he continues to work within Continent Hotels & Resorts and looking after Operations and Franchise Developments Worldwide of the group with a corporate level.
He is in charge of developing Manuals and Operational Standards of brands and also Franchise Agreements globally.
Zafer Batik
Corporate Chief Engineer
Zafer started his semi-professional career during university years and worked in a company which operates and install PBX telephone switchboards.
He graduated from Kocaeli University in 2000. His professional career began in Honeywell Turkey in 2001 as an Engineer and worked there until 2010. During this time, he took part in multi projects in Turkey, Russia, Kazakhstan and Georgia. Honeywell transferred him to Russia office in November 2010 and he worked in Far East Russia office for 5 years.
After 5 years he has been transferred back to Turkey office but at this time he took part in the sales department. Recently resigned from Honeywell and nowadays, he is in charge of Digital Information Society program as a Project Manager as well as works for Continent Worldwide Hotels as a Corporate Chief Engineering.
Melek Girgin
Corporate Business Development Director
Melek Girgin is Corporate Business Development Director, Turkey.
She is a seasoned hospitality professional and has advanced level of Business, Trade, B2B and exhibition development experiences.
Holding degrees from Dubai University, Dubai College of Tourism and knows Arabic and English.The White House said on Friday that it certainly does not support Russia’s decision to veto a U.S.-drafted resolution that would have renewed an international inquiry into who is to blame for chemical weapons attacks in Syria.
“We do hope that moving forward, they want to get on board and work with us on this. But at the same time, this isn’t something that we support their decision on,” White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee said.
Sanders also said that the position of President Donald Trump on the matter has been clear, pointing to his action in April when he ordered an attack on a Syrian airbase after it was determined it was used in a chemical weapons attack.
“I think that the actions that the president has taken, specific to chemical weapons, I think he’s shown his position on that, with the strike on Syria earlier this year,” she said.
The mandate for the joint inquiry by the U.N. and the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW), which found the Syrian government used the banned nerve agent sarin in an April 4 attack, expires on Nov. 17.
The resolution needed.
Ahead of the council votes on Thursday, Trump had urged the Security Council in a Twitter post to renew the inquiry, saying it was needed to prevent Assad from using chemical weapons.
Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Assad Regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 16, 2017
While Russia agreed to the 2015 creation of the Joint Investigative Mechanism (JIM), it has consistently questioned its findings, which also concluded that the Syrian government used chlorine as a weapon several times.
During his 12-day trip to Asia, Trump said that a decline in relations between the United States and Russia has made it difficult to get its support on key issues, such as North Korea.
Trump said that the “artificial barrier” created by the unproven narrative that he colluded with Russia to win the 2016 elections has made it difficult to establish a relationship with Russia.
“I call it the ‘artificial Democrat barrier.’ It gets in the way, which is a shame,” Trump told reporters onboard Air Force One on Nov. 11.
“President Putin would be tremendously helpful, tremendously helpful if I had Russia and China on North Korea. I think that would solve it, but this artificial barrier gets in the way,” Trump said.
Trump and Putin did reach an agreement on the sidelines of the APEC conference in Vietnam on military communications in Syria.
The two presidents said in a joint statement that enhanced de-conflicting efforts, such as increased communications between their militaries, have proven successful and will continue until the ISIS terror group is defeated.
In the joint statement, the leaders also “urged all Syrian parties to participate actively in the Geneva political process and to support efforts to ensure its success.”
Over 400,000 people have been killed according to the U.N. since the conflict in Syria started in 2011.
Reuters contributed to this report
If you enjoyed reading this article, please consider sharing it with your friends and family.Matt Groening is the guy behind two pop culture giants—The Simpsons and Futurama—and later this year will see the release of his new show on
Tag: Disenchantment
Matt Groening’s Netflix Show Disenchantment Gets First Teaser
Matt Groening is the creator behind pop-culture giants like Futurama and The Simpsons, and it was announced last May that he would be partnering upPolymer clay robot
I’m so exited about my new discovery that I could not wait to share it with you: polymer clay robot. This lovely creatures are waiting for someone to take them home. I have two suggestions for you:
– first is Frank and the robot, the movie. You should see it!
– and the second one is this you should try to create your own polymer clay robots. They are so lovely!
In order to inspire you I created this lovely couple of polymer clay robots:
polymer clay robot boy
polymer clay robot girl
I’m really curios, what do you think about the idea of adopting a lovely polymer clay robot? I have a chaotic program, I’m messed up and the only thing I accept in the morning is coffee. You can understand now that for me it will be the perfect pet!
I have present for you! Here is a large set of free tutorials where you’ll find ideas for your next project.
Whether you’re browsing for inspiration or want something specific, I make it easy for you to get what you need. By following my Pinterest page you’ll be updated with new ideas and free step by step DIY tutorials.“”. They all relate to the one section of the Bacchae — the epiphany of Dionysus and his prison escape — so I quote that here. Note the word “relate”: John Moles does not argue that the passage itself directly inspired the various accounts in Acts. Understand that in the play Dionysus was not recognized as Dionysus by King Pentheus. Pentheus believed he had imprisoned a mortal troublemaker who worshiped Dionysus. The translation is by George Theodoridis:?
Dionysos.
A. The accounts of Paul’s conversion are more well known so I won’t quote them here. They can be read at Acts 9:3-9. Acts 22:6-11 and Acts 26:12-18.
The points in common:
- Light and lightning
- People falling to the ground
- Invisible divine voice
- Divine voice addressing people by name
- People asking a question
- The god identifying himself
- The divine command to get up off the ground and stand up
- Seeing the god
- Response is submission or defiance (conversion or non-conversion)
B. Herod Agrippa’s persecution, attempt to kill Peter and Peter’s escape from prison. See Acts 12:1-10.
In common:
- A ruthlessly persecuting king
- Followers of the god are imprisoned
- Stressing the strength of the imprisonment
- Stressing the suddenness of the supernatural intervention
- Divine light
- Divine instruction to stand up
- Confusion between vision and reality
- Miraculous opening of the prison gate
- Both narratives subsequently report the death of the persecuting king
C. The miraculous deliverance of Paul and Silas from prison and the conversion of the jailor. See Acts 16:23-30
In common:
- Prayer by the god’s followers
- Suddenness of the epiphany
- Earthquake
- Collapse of building
- Miraculous release of prisoner’s bonds and of doors
- Surprise and confusion of the jailor
- Darkness to light
- Jailor draws his sword
- Jailor rushes to the interior
- Jailor falls to the ground
- Conversion (or reaffirmation of conversion) by god’s followers or non-conversion
- Prisoner claims he has not run away
- Focus on the jailer’s final religious response: since the prisoner has not been lost, will he accept the divine warning or reject it?
John Moles is a classicist. He acknowledges that New Testament scholars (Wright, 2003; Barrett, 2004, Haacker, 2003) prefer to find parallels with Jewish literature:
2 Maccabees 3 (Online) A divine epiphany prevents the Syrian king’s agent, Heliodorus, from plundering the temple.
In common:
- Resplendence
- Falling to the ground
- Darkness
- Person in need of assistance from attendants
- Conversion / religious transformation
Joseph and Aseneth 14:2-8 (Online) Aseneth is converted after a heavenly vision.
In common:
- Heavenly light
- Falling to the ground
- Divine figure (though not the god) addressing a human by name
- The mortal asking for the identity of the divine figure
- Divine figure identifying himself
- Divine figure telling the mortal to stand up
- Conversion
- Divine instructions
Ezekiel 1.28-2:1 (Online)
In common:
- Heavenly light
- Falling to the ground
- God telling the human to stand up
- God giving the human instructions
In common:
- Lightning mentioned as a comparison
- Human falling to the ground
- Angel addressing the human by name
- Angel telling the human to stand up
- Angel giving instructions
Compare also the “call of the prophet stories” Isaiah 6:1-13 and Jeremiah 1:4-10.
1 Samuel 26:17-18 (Online) recalls one element in the midst of a complex sequence:
Saul recognized David’s voice and asked, “David, is that you, my son?” “Yes, Your Majesty,” David answered. And he added, “Why, sir, are you still pursuing me, your servant?
John Moles’ evaluation:
- 1 Samuel 26:17-18 matches only one element
- “Call of the Prophet” narratives produce only very general parallels
- The most substantial Jewish parallels are 2 Maccabees 3 and Joseph and Aseneth 14:2-8. Both of these, moreover, are probably influenced by non-Jewish literature and themes: 2 Maccabees itself contains Dionysiac elements and Joseph and Aseneth is suspected by some scholars of being Christian influenced.
- 2 Maccabees 3 “contains some very discrepant elements”
- Bacchae contains more and better parallels than both (e.g. the divine figure is the god himself and the light is lightning)
- “Further, the Jewish material scarcely illuminates the narratives of Peter and of Paul and Silas, in relation to both of which, especially the latter, the Bacchae parallel is extremely strong. Moreover, all three narratives are thematically interrelated, and the parallels between Peter’s and Paul’s releases and the release of Dionysus in Bacchae were already noted by the Christian apologist Origen in ca. 249 CE (Contra Celsum 2.34).”
I conclude that, while there is some Jewish input into these narratives, the Bacchae parallel is far stronger. But what does it mean? Luke demonstrably uses Bacchae elsewhere in Acts, so Bacchae 576-641 may some provided some inspiration here as well, particularly in relation to 26.12-18 . . . . But it seems unlikely that the three narratives were inspired by a single Euripidean passage or by any single intermediate source, now lost. Rather, there is a more general appeal to the patterns of initiation into Dionysiac cult that underlie Bacchae 576-64110 and to prose works – such as the novel – that incorporate such Dionysiac patterns into their narratives. (p. 69, my emphasis)
Quite specific verbal parallels convince Moles that the author of Acts did indeed use Bacchae in addition to drawing upon more general Dionysiac material.
Verbal parallels between Acts and Bacchae
These are, as Moles says, “objective” verbal parallels. They are clearly identifiable. (Those that I have colour coded yellow, green and purple are original to John Moles.) The question to be asked is how to explain them. Are they accidental? Or are they “real” in the sense that they “do things”?
On the first one Moles comments:
While the thought of [the first parallel] is perfectly Jewish, it is also a common Greek religious concept, it is a Leitmotiv of Bacchae, the Greek compound ‘fight against G/god’ (and cognates) is distinctive, it is found only here in the New Testament, and the item fulfils the same narrative and theological function in Acts and in Bacchae: that of the ‘wise warning’ disregarded by persecutors. (Gamaliel’s audience obeys here, but not later.) Interestingly, scholars debate the historicity of Gamaliel’s intervention (certainly, some of his arguments are anachronistic).
The second one (yellow) is only a slight verbal parallel but it would gain considerably more force if it could be shown that Paul was playing a Pentheus role as persecutor.
The third parallel, speaking of “falling off by itself”, is not of itself significant. What is significant, however, is that such descriptions are associated with Dionysiac epiphanies in the Classical literature.
The fourth (green) parallel is an interesting mix. Euripides wrote Bacchae in the time of Socrates and an age of considerable anxiety over the introduction of “new” cults into Athens. In the works of Plato and Xenophon we find that Socrates was soon afterwards accused of introducing “new” gods, not “strange” ones. Euripides has combined the fears of his own day with the traditional material that introduced a “strange” god into Greece in an earlier age. Similarly, Paul in Acts is portrayed as a Socrates figure (the parallels with Plato and Xenophon have been published elsewhere), but also appears to link the same figure to the Bacchae with its theme of mocking the new god.
The fifth parallel refers to the famous line in Acts that Paul attributes to “some of your poets” — addressing the Athenians. Commentators have noted the line “we are his offspring” comes from Aratus, and there is also an allusion to the Stoic philosopher Cleanthes. Moles, however, points out that neither of these men were Athenian, although the latter was Athenian at least by residence. Could Paul have been referring here, then, to the Athenian Euripides with the line, “in him we live and move and are”?
The contexts are similar. Paul is arguing that the Athenians are ignorant and do not realise the proximity of the one true god. Equally, Pentheus does not realise that Dionysus is ‘near’ . . . and the ‘stranger’ (Dionysus himself) upbraids Pentheus’ ignorance. ‘In him we live and move and are’ represents the polar opposite of Pentheus’ ignorance. This reconstruction attributes dense literary allusion, sliding phraseology and decidedly fancy footwork to Luke:* exactly as in [the preceding parallel]. The two items go together and are mutually reinforcing.
* Also of course to the dramatic Paul, who comprehensively outwits his stuck-up Epicurean and Stoic philosophical opponents and who is the real ‘poet’ here: Moles (2006).
In the sixth match we have the name Dionysios which means Dionysiac, and the name Damaris. Damaris is unusual/unique — the common form of the name is Damalis. Damalis has been changed to Damaris, which means Heifer. This could be an explicit allusion to Dionysus as the bull god — which he was Bacchae, taking on the form of a bull. Even if the two individuals were historical, the author has used some licence to make them the first-fruits of Paul in Achaia, since we know from 1 Corinthians 16:15 that they were not.
The final parallel is well-known. As Moles stresses, it is Greek, not Jewish; it is not a common proverb but it is used in Greek tragedy and it is used in Bacchae — and Acts: “the persecuted and unrecognised god uses the proverb in direct exhortation of his chief persecutor.”
For John Moles, the above verbal parallels, especially the first, fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh, “prove use of Bacchae and of more general Dionysiac material.”
Other Dionysiac material in Acts
D. The first prison escape
Acts 5:19-25 is the first instance in Acts of a miraculous prison escape. The scene follows the initial arrest and interrogation of Peter and John (4:1ff) and culminates in the warning by Gamaliel that likewise was shown (above) to be linked to the Bacchae. It follows the same narrative pattern as 12:1-10 and 16:26-30 (also above). The scene in Acts where the spotlight is put on the guards consternation at guarding the prisoners only to find them outside the prison corresponds to Bacchae 644-6:
Pentheus: I have suffered terrible things; the stranger, who was recently constrained in bonds, has escaped me. Ah! Here is the man. What is this? How do you appear in front of my house, having come out?
E. Pentecost
Another possibility Moles finds discussed in the literature is the Pentecost scene where the apostles are mocked (Acts 2:13) as being “filled with sweet wine” for speaking in various tongues. Sweet wine implies new wine (“and the phrase is a proverbial allusion to widespread drunkenness when the year’s new wine first becomes drinkable” — Wallace-Williams, 1993:36) and Peter denies the accusation: “These men are not drunk, as you take it, or it is the third hour of the day”.
Now, drunkenness is a feature of Dionysiac wine festivals such as the Anthesteria,
Dionysiacs got drunk at night,
they were divinely possessed,
forms of glossolalia featured in pagan cult,
Dionysus cult was the most international of pagan cults,
Pentheus accuses the Bacchanals of drunkenness and mocks the new god,
but the charge of drunkenness is denied by the Messenger,
and the Acts narrative opposes the mockery with an idealised description of the Christian life at 2.42 and 44-46, which includes ‘the breaking of bread’.
While scholars dispute whether in Acts ‘the breaking of bread’ refers to, or includes, the Eucharist,35 given that Acts 2.42, 27.35, etc. ~ Luke 22.19 ~ 24.30, the allusion must at least be included, so that, although Acts does not specify wine-drinking at such meals,36 a broad contrast remains between what is misapprehended as Dionysiac excess (2.13) and Christian table-fellowship. (p. 75, my formatting)
Note, also, that the Holy Spirit is pictured as a liquid. The apostles are “filled” with it (2:4); it is poured out (2:17-18, 33).
The function of the incorrect accusation of 2.13, therefore, is to imply a contrast between the ‘bad’ Dionysus of pagan religion and the ‘good’ Jesus who is the true wine.
And if we see the Apostles as “drinking the equivalent of the true, new wine”, then Pentecost will be looking back to three passages in the preceding and companion book to Acts:
- Luke 19-20 and the Lord’s Supper. There the cup of wine was “poured out” and was the “new covenant of [Jesus’] blood”.
- Luke 7:32 where Jesus defends his notoriety as a wine-drinker in contrast to the ascetic life of John the Baptist. When Jesus imagines the crowd complaining because John did not dance when they played the pipes for him, he is apparently (Freyne, 2000, 2004) alluding to the devotees of Pan and Dionysus.
- Luke 5:33-38. In another contrast between John and Jesus, Jesus speaks the parable of no-one putting new wine into old wineskins, lest the new wine breaks the old wineskins and is poured out. New wine must be put in new wineskins.
So the Pentecost narrative belongs within a complicated sequence – which extends back through Acts 1 and into the Gospel – concerned with the relationship, within first-century Judaism, Jesus’ ministry, and early Christianity, between the old and the new, between Jesus and the Baptist, and between Jesus and wine, and within that sequence Dionysus plays an important role both of comparison and of contrast.
The Consequences
So what does all of this mean? What was the point of making Dionysiac allusions in Acts, and even in the Gospels? That is the real question and the one that John Moles addresses in the second half of his article. . . . . .
> “Jesus and Dionysus in The Acts of the Apostles and early Christianity”
Moles is not a New Testament scholar, and this is clearly a case of parallelomania if we ever saw one. Therefore, we’re entitled to ignore everything he’s written here. Signed, the Society of Biblical Literature.
Already departing from Sandmel’s advice not even 2 1/2 weeks later? I particularly got a kick out of the section “Verbal parallels between Acts and Bacchae” and “Broad thematic parallels between Acts and Bacchae,” which immediately reminded me of that which you yourself quoted:
“the excessive piling up of . . . passages. Nowhere else in scholarly literature is quantity so confused for quality . . . . The mere abundance of so-called parallels is its own distortion . . .”
You always bat down Harper trolls with, essentially, ‘if we can find a source of influence within the Old Testament and Jewish culture, then there’s no need to appeal to things outside of that.’ There’s certainly plenty of that already to account for the make-up of Acts. And even that is, of course, only if you even think that necessary to account for it.
Alas, once a parallelomaniac, always a parallelomaniac.
Once a troll, always a troll. Spoken like a closed-minded theologian who has evidently never read Sandmel in full and only quote-mines his article. The exercise here that a classics professor is able to engage in with positive feedback from a host of other scholarly names mentioned in this post and publish in a venerable peer-review classics journal is the very sort of exercise in literary analysis that Sandmel in fact endorsed. But of course in the eyes of some ignoramuses any literary analysis is a laughing stock by definition. I suppose you’d laugh at the very idea that Virgil used Homer or that Hellenism had any cultural impact upon any literate Jews.
I have long thought Acts 26:14 was Luke using a Greek cliche from the Bacchae just as we use unwittingly use cliches from Shakespeare. I am amused that we have Luke quoting Paul quoting Jesus coming down from heaven and translating a Greek cliche into Aramaic to quote Euripides quoting Dionysus. Now it seems it wasn’t an accident.Army
Fort Hood soldier found shot dead miles from his vehicle burning near Texas base
AUSTIN, Texas — A Fort Hood soldier was found shot dead Monday morning on a residential street in the small town of Harker Heights minutes before police received a call about his vehicle burning miles away just outside the central Texas Army base, according to local law enforcement and service officials.
Pfc. Brandon Scott Rosecrans, 27, was identified Tuesday as the victim by the Harker Heights Police Department, which is investigating his death as a murder, according to a news release from Police Chief Phillip Gadd.
Police received a call at about 10:17 a.m. Monday about a body lying on the side of the road in the 2100 block of Fuller Lane, said Lawrence Stewart, a police spokesman. The area is about 12 miles southeast of Fort Hood.
At 10:30 a.m. Monday, the Harker Heights Fire Department responded to a call about a burning vehicle in the 2500 block of Jubilation Drive, Stewart said. It is a residential street, but the area where the vehicle was located is wooded and about 4 miles from Fuller Lane.
Police said they were able to identify Rosecrans and determine he died from a gunshot wound. The burning vehicle, an orange 2016 Jeep Renegade, belonged to Rosecrans, according to the news release from police that indicated Rosecrans was found inside his vehicle.
No arrests have been made as of Thursday and police continue to investigate concurrently with an arson investigation by the town’s fire marshal. Army Criminal Investigation Command also is investigating.
Rosecrans, who is from Kimberling City, Mo., entered the Army in May 2018 as a quartermaster and chemical equipment repairer and has been assigned to the 3rd Armored Brigade Combat Team, 1st Cavalry Division since November 2018, according to a news release from Fort Hood.
"Command Sgt. Maj. Ryan McLane and I would like to express our deepest regrets to the family and loved ones of Pfc. Brandon Rosecrans,” said Col. Kevin Capra, the 3rd Brigade commander. Rosecrans’ awards and decorations include the National Defense Service Medal and the Army Service Ribbon.
The Harker Heights Police Criminal Investigation Division is asking anyone with information about this murder to call them at 254-953-5400 or Crime Stoppers at 254-526-TIPS [8477]. Submit information online at. All information is confidential and anonymous and tips leading to an arrest are eligible to receive a reward up to $1,000 in cash.
Fort Hood has more than 36,000 active-duty personnel and the base is home to III Corps, an armored headquarters, and its largest unit, the 1st Cavalry Division.
thayer.rose@stripes.com Twitter: @Rose_LoriMaria Meshcherskaya is an Entrepreneur from Moscow, Russia. She is well known for creating an art based network – ARV app (arvme.com), which lets people make friends through masterpieces.
Maria was born in Moscow and moved to Prague as a teenager. During her graduation year from the Higher School of Economics in 2018, Maria launched the ARV app and throughout the first two months gained over 500 users. Later, she established the company in Prague, where she moved her project.
Maria Meshcherskaya Age, Height, Weight
Maria Meshcherskaya is 24 years old. Her height is about 5.10 and her weight is 130 lbs.
Career
Less than a year later, Maria was invited to participate in the UNESCO Wise Panel in Paris and talked about the importance of technology in the empowerment of the educational process. The same year (2019) her project was included in Enterprise Europe Network, which she joined as a member after.
Maria was noticed by the largest tech events in Europe and North America and participated in the Web Summit and Collision.
At the end of 2019, Maria joined Sotheby’s Institute of Art for her Master’s Degree in Art Business and published research about the Role of Art in International Relations. Since 2020 Maria has been living in New York, where she established the company.
Net Worth
According to multiple sources, her exact net worth is unknown.
Facts
- Maria Meshcherskaya speaks 4 languages (Russian, English, French, and Czech).
- She is passionate about nature and outdoor activities.
- Before ARV Maria worked as the journalist.
Social Media
This post was last modified on June 9, 2021Text of Wacko Wizard’s Lucifer is a species email to Young Prophet yesterday morning:
Subject: dream message last night
“Lucifer is a species.”
Pandora’s box?
People who cannot, or will, not see reality?
People who cannot, or will not, accept or tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but?
People who have no remorse for their fuck ups?
I had emailed this to Young Prophet the day before:
Stephen King Has A Chilling Theory On What Comes Next For Trump Supporters
Stephen King shared a tale about the real-life nightmare currently unfoldingaround the nation as immigration raids announced by President Donald Trump began.And the bestselling horror writer had a dark prediction about what will come next:> First, you stoke hatred and fear of minorities. Then you round them up and put them in camps. Next, you send out raiding parties to get those who have been driven into hiding. The armbands come next right?>> — Stephen King (@StephenKing) July 14, 2019 King has ..
Received the other day from a lower Florida Keys Republican friend, who voted for Donald Trump in 2016:
Thought you might find this interesting.
From: Info Keys Elections <info@keys-elections.org>
Sent: Thursday, July 11, 2019 4:11 PM
To: Info Keys Elections <info@keys-elections.org>
Subject: Political Parties information
Good Afternoon Candidates and Friends,
Below please find the totals of Monroe County voters by party.
Please note: Independent Voters in Florida are members of the Independent Party of Florida. Many times people use the term “Independent Voter” when referring to voters that are not affiliated to a party this is not true in Florida.
Major Political Parties
- Florida Democratic PartyDEM = Monroe County as of today 17,512
- Republican Party of FloridaREP = Monroe County as of today 21,234
Minor Political Parties
- Constitution Party of Florida CPF = Monroe County as of today 4
- Ecology Party of Florida ECO = Monroe County as of today 6
- Green Party of FloridaGRE = Monroe County as of today 43
- Independent Party of Florida IND = Monroe County as of today 534
- Libertarian Party of Florida LPF = Monroe County as of today 192
- Party for Socialism and Liberation – Florida PSL = Monroe County as of today 0
- Reform Party of Florida REF = Monroe County as of today 6
- No Party AffiliationNPA = Monroe County as of today 14,400
I hope this is useful information. Please remember we are here if you need us.
- Joyce Griffin
Supervisor of Elections
Monroe County, FL
(305) 292-3416 – Phone
(305) 292-3406 – Fax – Register to vote on line, Change your address, or change your party – Request a Vote by Mail ballot – Check your Vote By Mail Status
I replied same day:
that count and ratio seems about what it has been, except perhaps a few more Republicans
I replied again yesterday morning:
Given Trump’s recent go back where you came from tweet storm directed at four Democrat U.S. Congressmen women with non-white foreign origins, I wonder how many Republican voters in “one human family” Key West will jump the Trump ark and vote Democrat, or write in a Republican who actually believes all men and women are created equal, or vote for another party’s candidate, or simply not vote at all? Although I think the Democrat ark also is seriously unseaworthy, sad to say, I would not be surprised if even one Key West Republican jumps the Trump ark.Stopping Business Practices That Harm Workers
The Washington, D.C., metro has a workforce of more than a half a million workers in the private sector alone. Factoring in public employees, that number nearly doubles. But the question remains: in our nation’s capital, who will protect workers?
Attorney Jay P. Holland has made a career representing employees during discrimination, sexual harassment and wage and hour cases. In the past 20 years, he has represented public servants, such as firefighters, and obtained millions of dollars in compensation for his clients. Reach Mr. Holland online today.
Enforcing Workers’ Rights
Joseph, Greenwald & Laake, PA, works across Maryland, Virginia and Washington, D.C., to provide the best possible legal experience. Our team commits to you, not just as a client, but as a person. We measure success not just in compensatory settlements, but in your feedback and experience. Our clients come to us in times of need, and we stand strong with them when:
- Employers create a hostile workplace through lewd comments, inappropriate touching or other sexual harassment.
- Workplaces fail to uphold your rights as a worker by denying you appropriate compensation or benefits.
- Hiring managers, employees or other people discriminate against you based on your protected class status.
He is known for his vigorous representation, relentless advocacy and detailed understanding of employment law.
Scheduling A Case Evaluation
The law is complex, but Joseph, Greenwald & Laake, PA, is more than equipped to handle your case. Meet with Mr. Holland at our office by calling 240-297-1782. You are in good hands.STAFF
Academy Villas
Living Well with Assistance
Director
Pat Strong
Patricia Strong (Pat) is the Executive Director of the Academy Villas. She has 12 years of administrative experience in assisted living. Pat currently holds state certification as an Assisted Living Facility Manager. When asked what her priorities are, she responds that “the well-being and happiness of Villa residents is my number one goal.” She believes this is attained in a number of ways: a top-notch staff; an attractive, welcoming environment; fostering positive interactions among and between staff and residents; and offering good food in a convivial dining atmosphere.
RN
Judy Ingall: RN
Judy came to Academy Villas under the tutelage of Candi Tucker, RN after being a stay at home mom for 20 years. She was a certified dermatology nurse for eleven years at the start of her career and is still thrilled by a Dr. Pimple Popper video on YouTube. Judy has 2 daughters, ages 22 and 20, and has been a trailing wife of a Caterpillar executive living in Michigan, Illinois, Texas, Tennessee, North Carolina, Shanghai China, and Minnesota before moving to Tucson in 2017. She has been a certified Jazzercise instructor for 18 years and enjoys encouraging others to dance like no one is watching.
Business Office Manager
Lori Somner
Lori recently joined Academy Villas bringing with her diverse, professional experience including nine years with a large assisted-living community as its business manager. She also spent eighteen years in the automotive industry and several years with an architecture firm. Lori was born and raised in Tucson where she also received her bachelor’s degree in accounting. She has one son, Nicholas, 24, and is a doting, great-aunt to Charlotte who is 2. Lori is thrilled to once again be working with seniors as her previous experience had been the most fulfilling in her career.
AV STAFF
The idea of Steam launching on Apple iMacs this month apparently has conspiracy theorists all in an uproar. After all, Valve Software's beloved PC gaming client has been around for ages, however the move to Mac has caused many to question its overall presence in the PC gaming scene. Namely, there's indication that an unfair monopoly over PC gaming is in play, and fingers are all pointing to Steam.
But various voices are coming to Steam's defense, saying that the service dominates the market because no other company has offered gamers anything better in terms of value. "The fact that Valve was there waiting for the switch [to digital downloads] isn't their fault--it shows they are savvy," said MCV's Michael French.
Naturally, rival services are quick to swoop in and cry anti-competitive. One unnamed source told TechRadar that the matchmaking system isn't open and thus feeds people back to Steam. "Even [Valve] being a developer and a publisher at the same time means that other developers feel like they could be second-rate citizens (or at best, on the same level as all the indie games on the service)," the unnamed source said.
TechRadar's entire article offers many different views on Steam, some of which point to its early entry into the market with Counter-Strike and Half-Life at hand. There's also an analysis on why Games for Windows failed, with EDGE magazine blaming the failure on the company's need to tackle piracy by locking saved games to online accounts.
Does Valve really have a monopoly on the PC market? Probably not. Eventually it boils down to content, presentation, and accessibility. Valve has spent many years perfecting the service, has amassed a wide user-base since its launch seven years ago. Of course, its popularity may be as simple as familiarity: PC gamers are familiar with Left 4 Dead 2, Half-Life, and the Valve brand. Will that still hold true ten years from now? Maybe not.
Does Steam have an unfair monopoly of digital distribution?
Second, Steam is a very useful tool to use for digital distribution and management. It has a nice interface, good download speeds, awesome deals. And while at launch it's prices are generally just MSRP, with no ~$10 sales you get at Best Buy or some other places, their weekend and midweek deals are often amazing. My backlog of games has tripled since I started using Steam (near exclusively, now).
I don't think they have an unfair monopoly, and even if they do, it's completely the result of no one else stepping up to the plate. Granted, I think Impulse will take off in a few years (which'll be great), it's just not on the same level as Steam (yet).
Oh, and Direct2Drive lost my interest completely since I can't use my Oblivion mods with it.
Most, if not all steam games being released come on CD as well if a user wishes to go to the store and get one. People buy games from steam because they download fast, have no securom, links up with current friends, can buy gifts for friends, etc. They aren't forcing anyone to install steam on hardly anything (orange box is possibly the exception). On top of that, they have killer deals over the holidays and there are specials nearly every week that someone wouldn't find on direct2drive or at the store. IMO, using the word "monopoly" implies they are using bad practice to get the advantage and they are not.
"Even being a developer and a publisher at the same time means that other developers feel like they could be second-rate citizens"
only 2/10 of the top ten are valve games currently. thats the same kind of bs that the borderlands guy said yet his own game was on the top ten on steam for months and it was even on sale this past weekend!! like joel said. there's amazon, gamestop, D2D. you can purchase your games through retail or straight from the publisher.
d2d could make a similar but better content delivery system. steam has a lot of issues. but they're just going to talk smack instead of improving their own service.An energy-based discontinuous Galerkin method for dynamic Euler-Bernoulli beam equations
@article{Zhang2021AnED, title={An energy-based discontinuous Galerkin method for dynamic Euler-Bernoulli beam equations}, author={Lu Zhang}, journal={ArXiv}, year={2021}, volume={abs/2109.07033} }
In this paper, an energy-based discontinuous Galerkin method for dynamic Euler-Bernoulli beam equations is developed. The resulting method is energy-dissipating or energy-conserving depending on the simple, mesh-independent choice of numerical fluxes. By introducing a velocity field, the original problem is transformed into a first-order in time system. In our formulation, the discontinuous Galerkin approximations for the original displacement field and the auxiliary velocity field are not… Expand
One Citation
A discontinuous Galerkin method for nonlinear biharmonic Schr\"{o}dinger equations
- Mathematics, Computer Science
- 2021
This paper develops the paradigm of the local discontinuous Galerkin method by introducing the second-order spatial derivative as an auxiliary variable instead of the conventional first-order derivative, and derives optimal L-error estimates of the scheme that measure both the solution and the auxiliary variable. Expand
References
SHOWING 1-10 OF 27 REFERENCES
An Energy-Based Discontinuous Galerkin Method for the Wave Equation with Advection
- Computer Science, Physics
- SIAM J. Numer. Anal.
- 2019
An energy-based discontinuous Galerkin method for the advective wave equation is proposed and analyzed, and numerical experiments on structured grids display optimal convergence in the $L^2$ norm for upwind fluxes. Expand
An energy-based discontinuous Galerkin discretization of the elastic wave equation in second order form
- Physics, Mathematics
- Computer Methods in Applied Mechanics and Engineering
- 2018
Abstract We present an application of our general formulation (Appelo and Hagstrom (2015) [12]) to construct energy based, arbitrary order accurate, discontinuous Galerkin spatial discretizations of… Expand
A discontinuous Galerkin method and its error estimate for nonlinear fourth-order wave equations
- Computer Science, Mathematics
- J. Comput. Appl. Math.
- 2021
The energy conserving property of the UWLDG scheme and its optimal error estimates in the L 2 -norm for the solution itself as well as for the auxiliary variables approximating the derivatives of the solution are proved. Expand
Energy-based discontinuous Galerkin difference methods for second-order wave equations
- Mathematics, Computer Science
- Communications on Applied Mathematics and Computation
- 2021
It is demonstrated that for constant coefficient problems on Cartesian meshes this bottleneck can be removed by the use of a modified Galerkin difference basis and a careful choice of preconditioner can demonstrate optimal complexity, albeit with a larger constant. Expand
An Energy-Based Discontinuous Galerkin Method with Tame CFL Numbers for the Wave Equation
- Computer Science, Mathematics
- ArXiv
- 2021
For problems on bounded domains and in higher dimensions it is demonstrated numerically that one can march explicitly with large time steps at high order temporal and spatial accuracy. Expand
A New Discontinuous Galerkin Formulation for Wave Equations in Second-Order Form
- Computer Science, Mathematics
- SIAM J. Numer. Anal.
- 2015
A priori error estimates in the energy norm for certain fluxes are derived and numerical experiments showing that optimal convergence in $L^2$ is obtained are presented. Expand
A mixed finite element method for beam and frame problems
- Physics
- 2003
Abstract In this work we consider solutions for the Euler-Bernoulli and Timoshenko theories of beams in which material behavior may be elastic or inelastic. The formulation relies on the integration… Expand
Nodal Discontinuous Galerkin Methods: Algorithms, Analysis, and Applications
- Mathematics
- 2007
The text offers an introduction to the key ideas, basic analysis, and efficient implementation of discontinuous Galerkin finite element methods (DG-FEM) for the solution of partial differential… Expand
Discontinuous Galerkin methods for solving elliptic and parabolic equations - theory and implementation
- Mathematics, Computer Science
- Frontiers in applied mathematics
- 2008
Discontinuous Galerkin methods for solving partial differential equations, developed in the late 1990s, have become popular among computational scientists and engineers who work in fluid dynamics and solid mechanics and want to use DG methods for their numerical results. Expand
Spectral Deferred Correction Methods for Ordinary Differential Equations
- Mathematics
- 2000
We introduce a new class of methods for the Cauchy problem for ordinary differential equations (ODEs). We begin by converting the original ODE into the corresponding Picard equation and apply a… Expand to be released with Padman but due to the release of ‘Padmavat’, the release of ‘Aiyaary’ had to be pushed forward. The makers of ‘Aiyaary’ realized that to come opposite of Padman and Padmavat would not be the most intelligent thing to do. Padman is directed by R Balki and Padmavat is directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali. Here is our report and analysis on Padmavat and Padman box office Collection.
Akshay Kumar is an ‘A-List’ actor and in last two years, his track record has proved that hardly any actors could match his success rate at the box office. Padman and Padmavat both are going to release on Thursday, 25th of January 2018. Padmavat was earlier scheduled to be released on 1st of December 2017 but due to the huge controversy, the makers of the movie decided to postpone the release. Due to the postpone the makers of the movie Padmavat suffered a huge loss in terms of promotion, marketing, interest factor and off-course box office collection.
Multiplexes are allocating more shows to Padmavat because of the conditions surrounding that films. Earlier when Aiyaari was scheduled to release with Padman, it was decided that 60% shows will be given to Padman and 40% to Aiyaari but due to Padmavat intervention the figures changed completely and now Padmavat will get 60 percent shows and Padman will have to be satisfied with 40 percent shows.
Padman director R.Baliki has chosen this topic because he wants to probably remove the taboo associated with the word Sanitary Napkins and Mensuration.
Padman Box Office Collection – 1st Day, 1st Week, Total, Worldwide
Yes, Padman can supersede Padmavat. But no one can exactly say that how Thursday and Friday will open up for both the films because only public decides which movie they like and which they did not. Here is our prediction on Padman Box Office Collection.
- Padman 1st Day Box Office Collection: 6-8 crore
- Padman 1st Week Box Office Collection: 8-10 crore
- Padman Total Box Office Collection: 60-70 crore
- Padman Worldwide Box office Collection: 80-100 crore
- Padman Overseas Box Office Collection: 10-15 crore
(Note: These are Padman Box Office Collection Prediction, Figures will be updated after the release of the movie.)
Padman and Padmavat Clash at Box Office
It’s a clash between Padman and Padmavat at the box office as both the films will release on 25th of January 2018. According to the trade analyst, Padman may lose 25-30% business at the box office. Padman is co-produced by Akshay Kumar’s wife Twinkle Khanna. In an interview given to a leading newspaper, Twinkle Khanna said, “This clash will have an impact on the business of both the films. I wish one of the films would have come a week earlier or later.”
Padman vs Padmavat
In terms of budget, the budget of Padmavat is far more than Padman. Secondly, The director of Padmavat, Sanjay Leela Bhansali track record is far better than the Padman’s Director R.Balki. Thirdly, Padmavat holds big star cast as compared to Padman. Obviously, Padman is Akshay Kumar’s movie, who is a superstar but on the other hand, Padmavat also has three A-list actors like Ranveer Singh, Deepika Padukone, and Shahid Kapoor.
On one hand, If we look at Akshay Kumar’s last two years of films, his choice has been absolutely outstanding. In that terms, there’s a lot of expectations from Padman. If his choice is as it was in 2016 and 2017 than Padman is surely going to be a superhit at the box office. On the other hand, Deepika Padukone and Ranveer Singh have also given many superhits in last two years. Sahid Kapoor may not have been so lucky but Shahid Kapoor’s last film Udta Punjab was a successful film. His choices of films may not have been so good but he is obviously an A-List actor.
Padmavat break-even will be far ahead of Padman as the budget of Padmavat is far more than of Padman. So just to reach the break-even point, Padmavat has to do much more business at the box office.
So which will be the biggest blockbuster of 2017, Padman or Padmavat? Do tell us your opinion through comments below.Jumpstart Sessions
Get Inspired Each Morning
Check out the line-up of motivating and interactive sessions available to you each morning of PACK EXPO Connects. See the full schedule and be sure to add them to your MyConnects Planner so you don’t miss a thing. Jumpstart sessions are also available in Spanish: Add Spanish translated sessions here.
Monday 9-10 a.m. (CT), November 9
Sustainable Packaging and Processing
The drive to a more sustainable industry never rests. Learn the latest on the circular economy from Loop, see real-world examples of recycled packaging at work with brands like Annie’s Organic, Smithfield and B&G, decide for yourself if Syngas can be the solution recycling has been searching for and much more.
Tuesday 9-10 a.m. (CT), November 10
Workforce Development
The manufacturing workforce faced crisis levels even before 2020’s COVID-19 and social strife. Explore employee and consumer issues including keeping your workers safe, salaries, cultivating a diverse culture and ensuring the right brand messaging. Join Bumble Bee Seafood Company's Jan Tharp for a special one-on-one on women in packaging and leading through chaos (brought to you by the Packaging and Processing Women's Leadership Network (PPWLN).
Wednesday 9-10 a.m. (CT), November 11.
Thursday 9-10 a.m. (CT), November 12
All Things Remote: Worker Safety, Remote Diagnostics, Virtual FATs
It is possible that the one silver-lining to emerge from an almost completely confined world was the rise in adopting and accepting remote capabilities. Uncover the technology behind remote access, why you need to embrace remote diagnostics and asset management and see firsthand how General Mills commissioned equipment remotely during the pandemic.
Friday: 9-10 a.m. (CT), November 13
Packaging and Processing Potpourri
Wrap up the week with a little bit of everything, including a check-in on healthcare packaging, Bush Brothers and Pretzels, Inc. on the expanding role of contract packaging/manufacturing and a dive into how e-commerce became even more disruptive during COVID-19. Toast the Packaging Hall of Fame Class of 2020 and answer the question, "what are emerging brands?"Policy Research Papers
January 2012
In early October 2011, President Hamid Karzai forged a strategic part­nership with India. This partnership was the first of its kind that the government in Kabul had signed with a foreign country. The agree­ment, among other matters, envisaged that India might train units of the Afghan security forces as the United States (US) seeks to withdraw its forces from the country in 2014. Not surprisingly, the formalisation of an Indo-Afghan strategic relationship has caused some misgiving within Pakistan. For the past several years, as India’s presence within Afghanistan has expanded, Pakistan’s policymakers, most notably its overweening military establishment, have repeatedly expressed their concerns about India’s role and motivations within the country. They have, on more than one occasion, darkly hinted at India’s intent to encir­cle Pakistan through the establishment of a strategic bridgehead in that country.
This paper will examine India’s interests and involvement within Afghanistan. It will also discuss the impact of India’s presence in the country on regional stability, its role within Indo-Pakistani relations and the future of the Indian position in Afghanistan in light of the impend­ing USwithdrawal. Finally, it will briefly discuss the significance of Afghanistan’s future for Europe., who after making the half-decent film with an unfortunately atrocious ending over fifteen years earlier, went on to create one disturbing, thought provoking and totally lingering piece of celluloid. That’s the film we focus on this week – an unsettling story that can be dissected with just the right…Surveillance.
A troubled and confusing incident on an empty stretch of highway involving a family, two criminals and police with cars damaged, bodies found and mayhem has occurred. But with many witnesses reporting different aspects, the events seen differently through multiple eyes of those still left alive, it’s a puzzle to put together what really happened. So FBI agents are called in to assist local law enforcement and assess the situation to uncover the truth.
I’m not revealing a single stitch more, as the unweaving of the web that is Surveillance is its beauty. With the opening of each twisted story petal, the film plays out like a budding black rose, revealing new and shocking truths with each unfolding. And while leads Bill Pullman (already a Lynch family alum via Lost Highway!) and Julia Ormond as the two determined FBI agents provide seriously unforgettable turns, the film is essentially at its core an amazing piece of ensemble work. From the great Michael Ironside as an earnest head sheriff to the haunting work from young witness Ryan Simpkins and even strong dramatic work by normally comedic actors French Stewart and Cheri Oteri, all here are poignant pawns in a game ala Jennifer Lynch you won’t be able to take your eyes off of. And hats off to Lynch, who does wisely incorporate some of her dad’s signature weirdness (he even has a tasty twisted song over the end credits!), but ultimately dons her own creepy compelling style – it’s great work.
Jennifer has since gone on to continue working behind the camera on a ton of TV shows (her ass-kicking “Carol gone rogue” helmed episode JSS on The Walking Dead was the best of Season 6!), but frankly I feel like there’s probably many more dark tales of woe that the daughter Lynch could bring to the feature film forum. At least there’s proof in the movie pudding via Surveillance that shows the gifted gal has the goods. But do note, Surveillance is not for the faint of heart and there is a heavy amount of sadistic stuff within. But for those who dare to survey the vast plains of a new and improved Jennifer Lynch at play, the darkness is delightfully delicious.
I have spent my life travelling around the world and living off the land.
And while I love hiking, I’ve always found it difficult to find a good trail to hike on.
That’s why I’ve had a passion for hiking guides for a long time, and now I finally have the perfect guidebook for hiking and backpacking.
When I started my new business, I decided to focus on ecotoursism because I loved the experience of hiking and spending time with my family.
So I decided that I would write a book on ecomodernism and ecotouring, which is what the company called Ecotourist in Mexico.
The book’s title is a play on the words “ecotouring” and it’s an easy read.
You’ll learn everything from the basics of camping and water rights to what you should and shouldn’t bring along to your next trip.
You can read the book online, read it in print, or download the PDF for offline reading.
The book includes a travelogue of sorts, including photos and videos of me hiking in Chile, Peru, Argentina, and Mexico.
In the back of the book is a video of me camping in Argentina, in which I tell the story of the experience and explain why I think it’s so important to have a good guidebook.
I love writing and sharing my stories about my travels to make people more aware of the wonders of the earth, and I want to help people take more care of themselves.
That is why I decided I would share my writing about ecotoring and ecomods with people around the country and around the globe.
What I love about writing about things like this is that it allows people to take action.
As a result, I recently partnered with Ecotoursist in Mexico to write a new book called Ecomodermic, which will help people explore the wonders and dangers of ecomodes and ecocidalism.
It will be available in March 2019, and will be a collection of short articles and video essays on ecocides and ecosystems, as well as on conservation issues.
I’ve also created a free eBook, Ecomods and Ecotouring: What I’ve Learned from the Wild, which has been downloaded more than 12,000 times and can be downloaded for free.
So what are the differences between Ecomodermics and Ecomodes?
There are a few key differences between ecotower and ecodemos.
In Ecotower, I focus on topics that I think are important to understand and protect, while Ecomodies focus on the things that I personally care about most, which are conservation, sustainable food production, and ecology in general.
Ecotower focuses on topics like water, land use, and resource management.
Ecotowers book focuses on ecology in its entirety, while ecodems focuses on individual aspects.
To be honest, I am not sure what I’m going to do with my time in 2019, because I am going to spend it doing ecotone, which I love doing, and also helping people to learn more about ecoscience, but I have a few things I want me to do.
First, I want people to think about what they care about and how they value their environment.
In my experience, the most important thing people care about is conservation.
I want them to realize that conservation is not just about protecting an area, but also respecting our environment.
Second, I also want people who are ecotowered to realize what their environmental footprint is, and that they can help by choosing sustainable food and sustainable products.
I think the most common environmental footprint for people who aren’t ecotoured is a lot of water, so they need to make sure that they’re not eating their food in landfills, and they need their water treated.
I also think it is important to recognize the roles of our planet in the world, and not just what it looks like, but how we interact with it.
Third, I think people need to think more about how they are contributing to the ecosystem.
Ecoderes can be used as tools for learning how to take care of the land and water, or they can be just as useful for helping people make decisions about how to live.
I know that ecotowers have some people who want to go the eco-tourist route, and if you don’t do that, then it’s a waste of your time and your money.
But there are people who have no interest in going to the ecotourism route.
I believe that people can become ecotouros and still enjoy their ecotravel and get back to nature, and even get involved in some environmental conservation work.As a part of a £2.3 million investment Solihull Council has financed a complete refurbishment of Solihull Library, which now forms part of The Core, a flagship community building in the heart of the town centre.
This project was completed over six phases whilst the remaining areas of the library and the theatre remained open to the public. It included significant structural alterations and the introduction of a new feature staircase to the atrium.
Pinnacle Flooring undertook extensive floor preparation to restore the existing sub-floors back to a suitable surface to receive the new floor finishes.
We installed a bespoke carpet tile from Forbo called Westbond Flex Nylon, together with Forbo Tessera Teviot carpet tiles. To wet areas we installed various Forbo safety vinyl sheet and then a predominance of a Nora rubber sheet called Sentica. To the main entrance we installed primary and secondary entrance matting of Milliken Obex Forma and Atrium.
>A web content filtering solution for companies is crucial for those concerned about cybersecurity and contents make it possible to prevent hackers from viewing web pages that have ransomware, viruses, and malware present.
This solution will filter website after website to battle email phishing campaigns and also block access to productivity draining sites at the office. A cloud filter can also solve some HR problems linked with undesirable internet use disabling access to streaming internet sites, including YouTube, that can impact bandwidth and Internet speeds.
Web content filtering refers to reviewing all web activity that takes place on your network by staff, clients and guests. Businesses might want to manage the range of content which may be accessed in a bid to stop personnel slacking off online. By limiting access to specific kinds of websites like social networking platforms, gaming websites, gambling websites, and dating websites, companies are able to boost efficiency in the long term.
Content also guarantees malicious sites cannot be accessed, such as those used for phishing or malware distribution. Malware, ransomware and phishing attacks on companies are increasing, by employing this additional level of protection, you can improve the defence against these threats causing expensive data breaches. Cloud filters are also important for schools aiming to achieve CIPA compliance as it configures measures to stop access to obscene photographs.
You will find various kinds of Internet content filters which allow you to manage all content accessed and tackle web-based attacks. It is possible to purchase hardware that will be installed on premise, web filter software to add to an existing piece of hardware or implement the use of a cloud filter.
When evaluating the best solution for your company you should first establish what your specific requirements are and how much you want to spend achieving them. Most companies focus on compatibility and scalability when researching content filter solutions:
The three most common techniques for blocking access to web sites are blacklists, keyword and category filters:
Using these three methods, your website content filtering should work in a manner that matches your organization’s requirements.
Copyright © 2007-2021 The HIPAA Guide Site Map Privacy Policy About The HIPAA GuideSuspension bridge
We walked this boardwalk to get to our luxury accomodations under the traditional thatched roof
Chobe Water Villas
Luxury Living on the Water's Edge
Crossing the Chobe
The Chobe River was a flood stage so this grassy area is normally dry land. Shot taken from a boat on the Chobe. Shot taken from a boat as we crossed from Namibia to Botswana
Sunset over Namibia 1
The Chobe River has overflowed its banks
Sunset over Namibia
In the last of endless sky, sunsets last forever in Africa
Chobe Water Villas
Luxury Accommodations wrapped in traditional huts on stilts in the Chobe RiverAuthentic Bros
The Authentic Brothers are a duo comprising Reza and Babak, originally haling from Iran, but who now come out of the UK. They are all about keeping it real and for them that means enlightening subject matter for their brand of multidimensional, emotive urban soundscapes. With their For You EP out now our man Nikhil Sharma caught up with them to find out more.or dial (202)224-3121 from your phone/laptop & provide your zip code.
on mobile!
Call your Member of Congress and ask them to tax the ultra-wealthy to pay for President Biden's Build Back Better agenda to rebuild and reinvest in our communities.
The number above will connect you to the general switchboard for Congress. By providing your zip code, they will connect you to your representative.
SHARING
TOOLKIT
or sample
and tweet using sample
, sample
on Facebook. Tell your network why a tax on billionaire wealth to fund crucial needs in our com-munities matters to you.
STORIES
Add the taxbillionairesnow.org link to your Instagram bio and share a story with the graphic downloadable from above.
TAKE ACTION
Tax America’s Billionaires Now!
America’s billionaires benefit from the use of our infrastructure, our resources, and our labor. But they currently pay less than half the share of their wealth in federal, state, and local taxes as families in the bottom 99 percent. Thanks to ProPublica, we now know that America’s billionaires have avoided paying income tax by taking advantage of strategies not accessible to the rest of the taxpaying public.
70% of Americans feel it is time to tax the ultra-wealthy, helping restore the promise of economic freedom for all.
President Biden and Congress can do it. They can unrig the tax code and invest in middle class tax cuts, infrastructure, and social programs. Sign here to urge Congress and President Biden to tax America’s billionaires now!
WRITE A LETTER
Use the sample templates below to copy and paste your letter into an email, then send it to your local newspapers for op-ed publication.
OUR
PARTNERS
%20-%20Caitlin%20Lang.jpg)
PNG File Name: Rafting Transparent Free PNG
Dimension: 768x664
Size: 20 Kb
Image Format: .png
Uploader: Arsh
Filed under: Sports
PNG Keywords:
Embed HTML/Forum Codes:
Download free Rafting Transparent Free PNG filed under Sports with its associated tags Rafting, available in a high-quality transparent PNG image. This file was uploaded by user: Arsh. The exact dimension of this transparent background PNG is 768x664 with the total size of 20 Kb resolution.1) I grabbed some 1/4″ scrap wood and drew a random puddle looking shape then used my scroll saw to cut it out then painted it white.
2) I bought a package of ping pong balls at Big Lots for 67 cents then used a sharpie to color on the face.
3) Then I hot glued the ribbon, sticks, and head into place.
4) To make the hat, I cut a small circle out of some black poster board I had for another project, then a rectangle. Note: Use a flashlight handle or some similar to make the top hat round. Then I used a little bit more hot glue to glue the two together then onto the head.
Total Time: 20 mins
Total Cost: 67 cents.
2) 2×4 Snowman
I had a lot of 2x4s left over from making my fold down work bench so I grabbed a length and cut it up to make a 2×4 snowman.
3) A friend decided he lacked something, so next I used my scroll saw and some 1/2″ wood to give him a proper Frosty pipe. Painted it black then used wood glue to glue it on.
Total Time: 1 hr
Total Cost: 0$
1) I used another warped 2×4 I had and cut it to the lengths in the picture below then glued and clamped everything together.
Total Time: 1 hr
Total Cost: $1
4) Santa Hats
So I saw a pin on Pinterest of five different cone heights and the description saying “template”. I pinned it thinking of all the Christmas stuff I would be able to use it for…buuuut, then when I actually clicked on it I found out that I could only get to the template if I paid $12 for it. I thought that was crazy since it was a very simple shape. So I found a free template of a 5″cone template then used the below steps to create different heights.
Can you tell that middle one was my first?
5) I bought a bag of cotton balls from the Dollar Tree and for the bottom I actually unrolled them and pulled them apart some then just hot glued them around. The below photo is what it looked like after one layer. I wasn’t happy with it, so I did the same thing and added on a second layer.
2) Since I didn’t make it come to a complete point, I grabbed a scrap piece and shoved it in from the bottom so that I would have something at the top to glue the burlap to.
3) I rolled out my burlap and then cut it down the middle to create the size I was looking for. Then I cut it into about 6″ strips.
4) Then I used my hot glue gun to just start applying them. I started at the bottom and worked my way up.
5) Since I could see the white in a few places, I cut a smaller strip of burlap and glued it horizontal so it covered it up.
Total Time: 30 mins
Total Cost: $6
1) I used some scrap 3/4″ wood to draw the letters out on, then utilized my scroll saw to cut them out. My letters are 5 3/4″ tall.
2) Then I grabbed another 3/4″piece of scrap and cut it into 2″ strips (just to give the background a little somethin somethin) then glued it back together and painted it white. My background piece is 11 1/2″.
3 Last I glued the letters onto the back and clamped it all down until it was dry.
Total Time: 1 hr
Total Cost: $0
1) I saw this scrap piece of MDF laying about, so I nabbed it up and painted it a light blue.
2) Then came back with a dark grey/blue where I mostly covered the light blue.
3) Next, since I can’t draw, I found a nativity scene I liked from a Google search then used my projector to project it onto my painted board then traced it on with a pencil. Then I just had to go back and paint in the lines with white.
Total Time: 2 hrs
Total Cost: $0Always liquid thanks to the bottle: Design bottles for everyday use
The bottle for the drink on the road: a sensible purchase for active people
Here you will discover practical variants such as the mug, the insulated bottle, the jug or the water bottle. You can use the models at work in the office, at school or university, at sports – every day and at any time. A bottle is elementary in the life of active people, because drinks – whether hot, cold or room temperature-controlled – can be transported perfectly in it. Since a bottle usually has a tightly closing lid, you enjoy absolute leakproofness. You need it too, because a backpack mishap between your university documents, next to the mat in the gym or on the way without a nearby refill station is more than annoying. So only settle for a bottle of real quality. Suitable models are available in many variants.
The perfect bottle: practical to use and beautiful to look at
When designing a bottle, the design aspect is often added to the functionality. You can choose the colour of your bottle. Attractive patterns are also popular, making your bottle a real highlight. Choose your model based on the materials used. With a glass water bottle, you always know exactly how much of the refreshing liquid is still inside the bottle. To keep your drink warm, you can also purchase glass bottles with a matching bottle warmer or insulating cover. But not every bottle is made primarily of cool glass: At a fair price you can also discover stainless steel bottles. Whether you choose glass or stainless steel should not only be a question of taste. Stainless steel is more robust and can withstand even coarse impacts without any problems. In addition, a stainless steel thermos bottle insulates even better than a model made of pure glass.
Relaxing through the day with the bottle
To cope with everyday life with a well-filled bottle is always recommended. Therefore, designers have developed solutions to some frequently asked questions. What’s the best way to clean the bottle? Not every model is dishwasher safe. To get the interior really clean, you should use a high-quality bottle brush. And where to take the bottle on a bike tour? The solution: Use a bottle holder for the bike. Attach the bottle holder to the wheel so that you can remove the bottle while riding without falling. Tip: Make sure the bottle is the right size and that it can be used with one hand.

TRADE
MANILA – The Philippine National Economic and Development Authority (NEDA) is pushing for the development of sea linkages between ports in Mindanao and three neighbouring Asean countries to boost regional trade.
They are: Davao and General Santos to Bitung and Manado in Indonesia; Tawi-Tawi and Tarakan, Indonesia; Zamboanga and Muara in Brunei; and Zamboanga and Sandakan in Malaysia.
Esguerra, who is NEDA’s director-general, said there were still |concerns on Mindanao’s sea transport sector that needed to be addressed.
Among the issues included the seaports’ limited capacity in terms of berthing structures, transit/cargo shed areas for non-containerised cargo, container yards for containerised cargo and passenger terminal buildings.
Esguerra said there was also a need to slash local cargo rates since prevailing rates in Mindanao were more expensive than foreign cargo rates. The NEDA chief said the government was ramping up infrastructure development to support economic growth across the country.
Major projects
“The growth-enhanced fiscal space has allowed major investments in infrastructure, with spending on public infrastructure more than tripling,” he said.
“The bulk of investments were slated for transportation, covering 43 per cent of total infrastructure investments from 2013 to 2016 and beyond, which was estimated to reach more than 7 trillion pesos (Bt5.2 trillion).
“This should be complemented by private investments in public infrastructure amounting to about 1.5 trillion pesos based on the status of PPP [public-private partnership] projects as of April.”
The NEDA chief was also bullish about the planned implementation of the three-year rolling infrastructure programme [Trip] starting |July.
Trip for the period 2017 to 2019 is aimed at “[meeting] investment targets for public infrastructure” while “[promoting] the optimal use of public resources for infrastructure development by assuring fund allocation for well-developed and readily-implementable projects”, NEDA said earlier.
“The multi-year rolling programme for infrastructure would ensure that once an infrastructure programme has been planned and it is rolled out, it is going to continue to receive funding from the government.
“This was one of our efforts to synchronise and tighten the link between the programming and budgeting functions of the government for infrastructure projects and programmes,” Esguerra had said.
According to the Department of Budget and Management, “the policy of dispersing the investment/infrastructure spending toward growth regions in the Visayas and Mindanao (such as central Visayas and northern Mindanao) was pursued [under Trip] to provide the physical infrastructure support for the promotion and development of business and industries”.Quick Info.
- Lot size: 0.29 acres
- Building: Single Family
- Style: Contemporary,Modernist
Interior Features
- Cooling: A/C Age 0-3 Years,Heat Pump
- Basement Description: Finished Bsmt,Heated,Inside Entrance,Outside Entrance
- Basement: Yes
- Stories: 3 Story
- Appliances: Dishwasher,Elec. Dryer HU,Gas Range,Ice Maker Connection,Range Hood,Self Clean Oven
- Fireplace(s): Gas Logs,In Family Room,In Living Room,Natural Gas
- # of Fireplaces: 2
- Fuel Heat: Electric Fuel
- Full Baths: 3
- Half Baths: 1
- Heating: Heat Pump,Heat Age 0-3 Yrs
- Interior Features: 10Ft+ Ceiling,9 Ft Ceiling,Ceiling Fan,Pantry,Quartz Counter Tops,Smoke Alarm,Walk in Closet,Smooth Ceilings,Kitchen Island
- Other Rooms: 1st Floor Bedroom,Family Room,Loft Rm,Walk In Pantry
- Washer Dryer Location: 3rd Floor,Laundry Room
- Water Heater: Gas,Tankless,Water Htr Age 0-3 Yrs
- Total Rooms: 10
Exterior Features
- Exterior Features: Covered Porch,Deck,Gutters,Patio
- Exterior Finish: Fiber Cement
- Foundation: Brick Foundation
- Garage: 2
- Lot Description: Landscaped
- Lot Dimensions: 51x218x49x20x84x20x144
- Parking: Attached,DW/Concrete,Entry/Rear,Garage
- Property Type: Detached
- Roof: Shingle,Roof Age 0-5 Years
- Water/Sewer: City Sewer,City Water
View on map / Neighborhood
- Neighborhood: Sunset Hills
- Directions: Dixie Trail to Medlin Drive, Left onto Nottingham Road
- County: Wake
- Elementary School: Wake - Lacy
- Middle School: Wake - Martin
- High School: Wake - Broughton
- Subdivision: Not in a Subdivision
- Zip Code: 27607-6629
Financial Information
- HOA: No
- Ownership Type: Other (SFH incl)
Listing Information
- Listing Price: 1420000
-.Ricta Clouds 78a Skateboard Wheels - White/Blue - 52mm
Now £30.95 Was £37.95 (18% Off)
For Sales & Advice Call Us on 0121 501 1111
Ricta Wheels are a producer of skateboard wheels and they are a market leader in ‘speed reinvented’ wheel technology. Their distinctive non-core wheels are manufactured with the ‘NRG‘ Hi-Energy Urethane Formula which is guaranteed to take your speed to the next level.Heightened sanitation
Daily cleaning, installation of cabin HEPA filters on flights from Los Angeles to Tel Aviv
EL AL has waived its change and cancellation fees on flights from Los Angeles to Tel Aviv. Confirm policy on booking site.
The Sadot Hotel is a modern choice that is a 15-minute drive from the Design Museum Holon and a 25-minute drive from Ben Gurion Airport. The Kfar Maccabiah Hotel is a 4-star choice that is a 7-minute drive from the famous Cameri Theater and an 18-minute drive from the airport. The NYX Hotel is a trendy choice that is a 5-minute drive from the Tel Aviv Museum of Art and a 20-minute drive from the airport.
Ben Gurion Airport has several designated smoking areas both inside and outside of its Arrivals terminals. Customers are able to smoke inside of the popular Schmoozy’s Pub that is located in the main Rotunda, and there are additional smoking zones located outside the doors of the Arrivals terminal.
If you are traveling from Los Angeles to Tel Aviv for business, make sure to take advantage of the various workstations that are scattered throughout Los Angeles International Airport. These stations provide travelers with desks, comfortable chairs, outlets, and high-speed WiFi, making them an ideal place to get some work done before boarding your flight.
To receive some pampering before embarking on your travels, head to one of the XpresSpa locations in the Departures terminals of Los Angeles International Airport. In these spas, you can receive a variety of beauty services, including massages, manicures, pedicures, and facials.
The average nonstop flight takes 17h 20m, covering a distance of 12167 km.
There are 15 (nonstop) flights between Los Angeles and Tel Aviv per week, averaging 2 per day.
Your flight ticket price will generally be cheaper if you fly to Tel Aviv on a Sunday and more expensive on a Monday. On your return trip to Los Angeles, you should consider flying back on a Thursday, and avoid Sundays for better deals.
Los Angeles airport is called Los Angeles and the only airport in Tel Aviv is Tel Aviv Ben Gurion Intl. Tel Aviv.
KAYAK’s flight Price Forecast tool uses historical data to determine whether the price for a flight to Tel Aviv from Los Angeles is likely to change within 7 days, so travelers know whether to wait or book now.
Hacker Fares allow you to combine one-way tickets in order to save you money over a traditional round-trip ticket. You could then fly to Tel Aviv with an airline and back to Los Angeles with another airline.
Sometimes travel dates aren't set in stone. If your preferred travel dates have some wiggle room, flexible dates will show you all the options when flying to Tel Aviv from Los Angeles up to 3 days before/after your preferred dates. You can then pick the flights that suit you best.
Scores according to KAYAK customer reviews: "Comfort, service food and entertainment. What more can you ask for."
Cons: "Nothing. ]": "food was great!"
Pros: "Staff. Very couteous.polite. friendly."
Cons: "Good.entertainment choices.": "Flight was close to being on time. I was able to get a lot of sleep on the flight."
Cons: "Staff was not concerned about anything, vague and uncaring..this was my son flying across the Atlantic idiots!! One pissed mom!!!":  -: "The Business - was The Business! Loved it."
Pros: "I thought the food was mediocre for business class"
Pros: "Great seat. I did the upgrade and it was so comfortable ...good food."
Cons: "They closed the shades immediately when we took off. Creepy": "Very courteous and professional crews. Clean and comfortable plane. Pilots handled delay and weather superbly. Dinner was delicious."
Cons: "Dinner was great but could have used more snacks. Breakfast was ok. Movies were dated but okay."
Pros: "the crew were not friendly and they were bossy"
Cons: "more kind crew" .": "Movies and screen"
Cons: "Flight delayed. Crew doesn’t speak good English"
Pros: "I like the price, quality, aircraft, staff, food.. everything!"
Pros: "Very nice love it"
Cons: "Very nice and love"
Cons: "They changed my seat at the gate, will be filing a claim to Turkish airlines."."
Cons: "A little late boarding although it was quick. They were out of food options when they came our last row of the section seats": "food was good, and my business class seat was okay."
Cons: ."
Pros: "Only the stewardesses very helpful and professional"
Cons: "The seats"...."
Cons: "Movies didn't work well": "Everything."
Pros: "there are a lot of movie"
Cons: "children!!"."
Pros: "Food and entertainment. Comfort of seats"
Cons: "Crew not helpful, flight delayed, no help when I missed my connecting flight due to the delay"
Pros: "Food good movie selections and Nice staff"
Cons: "Nothing"
Pros: "The quality of their team": "Entertainment"
Cons: "Crew was ok"
Pros: : "The flight and crew is always great"
Cons: "Food and not a great movie selection"
Pros: "Service was ok , but not trying too much"
Cons: "Ask for some milk for my tea , I was egnored once ,second time got an answaer "there is non"": "The Crew!!!"
Cons: "to hot, very hot!!!""
Cons: "The company lost my baggage"
Pros: "comfort"."
Pros: "Aside from the crew and their patience, nothing"
Cons: "Everything aside from the crew": "Excellent and cooperative staff. It was a smooth flight."
Cons: "There is no free Wi Fi on Ataturk airport. They claim 2 hours, but it doesn't support Croatian 385 country access nr.""
Pros: "Crew service, choice of in flight entertainment"
Cons: "Food was below par."."
Cons: !"
Pros: "Great service and clean."
Cons: "FOOD"
Cons: "My flight was 5 hours late. They lost my bag with expensive stuff."
Pros: "They were very accommodating"
Cons: "Better selection of movies"
Cons: "Kosher food .. but normal"
Cons:  $."
Pros: "Service"
Cons: "I always book ticket with you guys and I went on the Web to my phone to book a flight ticket for my friend and automatically you guys book it under my name and a contact immediately just fly and they said that they cannot change it and meet me by another flight ticket which I did not even request to"
Pros: "Flight was smooth and on time. Food was tasty and plentiful. Amenities were clean."
Pros: "Food"
Cons: "Food"
Pros: "Food was good"
Cons: "The seats was not comfortable"
Cons: "Babies crying everywhere and the crew doesn't do anything about it"
Cons: "They hold me with no reason until I was late from my connecting flight. They made me pay taxes for alcohol that I purchased from duty free. Charge me $300 for next available flight. Horrible!!!"
Cons: "Attitude of the personnel"
Cons: "This time food wasn’t organized well, because in the menu was two dishes, beef stroganoff or some fish, when came our turn to choose, we didn’t have choice, because only the fish was left. Second time was fish(again) and chicken, and also the salad was made from fish too... this time we got lucky, there was a choice because the serving started from our side. The chicken wasn’t good though, And still it is too much fish, and it didn’t taste good. I can compare , because I had other Aeroflot flights, and the food was really good, compare to this one."
Pros: "nothing."
Cons: "booking this flight was a nightmare. after several calls i was told i can upgrade to a seat with more legroom in economy plus at the airport counter for 12 Euros. it then turned out it cost me $80 for just one leg of the trip, and it wasn't economy plus, but a very narrow seat in an exit row right next to a toilet. The phone customer service was rude, unprofessional, and uninformed."
Pros: "Sleeping mask and earplugs were provided"
Cons: "Food is edible, but doesn't taste good. Limited vegetarian options"
Pros: "Crew was very nice and food was pretty good, even got an ice cream!!!"
Cons: "I can never sleep on a plane and TV wasnt working :( It worked for the safety video, but stopped right after... for the whole duration of the flight... its hard to stay entertained on 12.5 hours flight... i only had one game on my phone... it felt like 48 hours... hopefully it doesn't happen on the way back"
Pros: "Plenty of food, meals and snacks. Plenty of new movies to watch."
Pros: "food. staff"
Cons: "none"
Pros: "This was my grandma's flight, and she said it was good (as usual she doesn't complain and is positive)!"
Pros: "Getting off the plane."
Cons: )."
Cons: "Deleys"
Cons: "Flight was delayed for 3 hours. With a 3 hour layover, that meant 6 hours at Moscow D terminal. Too long."
Cons: ."
Pros: "Amazing as always! Aeroflot is great!"
Pros: "Food was nice plus vine"
Pros: "The crew was super friendly and super helpful! Which was awesome since I don't travel internationally too much! But when I was running late for my connection due to a delay they made sure I made my flight on time. If only my Carry on bag would have made it too (it cannot run as fast as me through the airport). But overall, incredible experience!"
Cons: "The was okay (for airplane food it was pretty good), then my tv broke halfway through the flight so the last 6 hours were a little longer. But still an incredible time!"
Cons: "Male personal refused change my seat without extra payment. Very strange! I am Skyteam Elite costumer. Last time I had the same problem with KLM and since then never fly with that company. I hope it was individual incident with Aeroflot..."
Cons: "The entertainment system is slow and old and get stuck all the time. The food is not good, dry bread. Crew is not very helpful or nice."
Cons: !"
Pros: "There was a plug for my electrical cird."
Cons: "The crew were mechanical--not at all personable."
Cons: "Im waiting for the flight for 2:30 hours and then they said the airplain flight without us . And then we wait for 12 hours again until 19:00 Then they said the boarding delayed till 20:30 . And after more 30 minuts they said the boarding delayed for more 4 hours!!!!"
Pros: "Free meal choice when preodering. Pleasant staff."
Cons: "Small plane.No screens, neither individiual, nore common. Small seats even for the medium sized people like I am. Small departments for hand luggage. No alchochol with meal. Long delay when disembarking."
Cons: "For some reason, they decided we had order vegetarian food. That from Shanghai to Moscow was quite spicey. We could eat it, but it might be too hot for some Western palates."
Pros: "crew"
Cons: "small plain."
Pros: "New plane, crew was not bad"
Cons: "Still no luggage! It will only arrive later on today or tomorrow :("
Pros: "the company changed my chosen seat after making the reservation, I moved somewhere that I wanted not sit there. I did not like it very"
Cons: "I ordered a vegetarian hindu meal (I didnt see another option for vegeterian that eat chease and eggs) and I got chicken which I don't eat. I asked for the stewardess for something else (everyone was eating eggs or panckaes) and she refused."
Pros: "The aircraft vas very comfortable, crew was great"
Cons: "No entertainment at all (magazines in Russian)"
Pros: "The vegetarian meals were better on this flight than on the flight from NY"
Cons: "There were no personal screens for movies. The seats were close together."
Pros: "every movie you can think of is available, meals and drinks provided"
Cons: "small seats, not a lot of room""
Cons: "Plug of headphones didn't work. I couldn't use entertainment cener"
Pros: "the entertainment."
Cons: "four of my flights with this airline were delayed causing me problems and wasting my time. Will not fly this airline again"
Pros: "The crew was very nice and pleasant."
Cons: "No t.v. the food wasn't very good, flight to Moscow had same food but it had better taste"
Pros: "It was a nice surprise that the most inexpensive flight to Warsaw happened to be pretty awesome!"
Cons: "The organization of the boarding process was a bit confusing and disorganized. They also ran out of beef and chicken options for our section of the plane, but made an exception for one lady who complained A LOT."
Pros: "Great job"
Pros: "All ok"
Cons: "Flight was delayed because of slow boarding process. Missed my connection as a result."
Pros: "The seats were nice and the service was ample."
Cons: "The headphone jack didn't allow for regular headphones and the provided ones were very uncomfortable.": "I"
Pros: "The crew was perfect"
Cons: "No wi fi on the plane."
Cons: "Staff Curtsy and overall gestures!!": "Nothing"
Cons: "Everything"
Cons: "No leg room at all, cant believe those seats met legal standard. The plane smelled, boarding was a nightmare because too many people had big bags. An announcement had been madd that vags would be collected, but obviously were not."
Pros: "Arrived on time."
Cons: "Overhead luggage storage jammed with luggage belonging to someone who was sitting far behind my seat.": "Intranet meant I could watch movies on my iPad"
Cons: "Seats are very uncomfortable"
Pros: "Very little"
Cons: "Flight was very crowded. Flight crew kept bumping into my seat and never apologized"
Pros: "Intranet wifi meant I could watch entertainment on my iPad"
Cons: "Seats are very uncomfortable": "There was no entertainment and there was a lot of annoyed passengers and flight attendants"
Cons: "Thanks"
Pros: "The flight crew on the flight was amazing. Went beyond basic needs and requirements."
Pros: "The CDG airport is very bad in terms of finding your connections, the flight to CDG from LAX had a very old entertainment system and was hard to use."
Pros: "Staff was so helpful and attentive to our needs.Providing service with a smile."
Cons: "Old."
Pros: "Great service, decent food"
Cons: "There was no WiFi on the plane"
Pros: "Great food (Economy class). Good Service"
Cons: "Not enough bathrooms on Economy class area due to aircraft design."!!!!"
Cons: "Please see comments above about this flight." crew was super friendly and always gave the feeling that they want the customers to feel comfortable and enjoy the flight. One of the crew members even offered me to move to an emergency exit seat (without me asking to move) because I am tall. Amazing!"
Pros: "Only the cabin crew was good."
Cons: "It was the worst flight that I ever had, the seats are extremely uncomfortable, no TV, the food was terrible."
Pros: "Great hospitality. Champagne as apero, cognac as digestif. Excellent on board entertainment. Comfy pillow and blanket."
Cons: "There should be more layover time as I almost missed my flight and My luggage was delayed!!"
Pros: "Love the flight attendant, loads of food couldn’t take it anymore. Professionalism at its peak."
Cons: "NA": : "The Crew was the only thing that stuck out. Associates had Way more patience than i."
Cons: "Late takeoff, priority seating happens same time as general boarding, two pieces of lost luggage"
Pros: "Crew was friendly and polite, both beverages and an excellent lunch was offered."
Cons: "A delay was not ideal but nothing to worry about since the flight arrived on time.": "Wheel chair service at LAX is run by the airport. Their priority is to get you to your flight, not to a VIP room regardless of how early you check in."
Pros: "Crew"
Cons: "No entertainment or usb plugsto charge."
"Flight canceled by airline. No refunds, no ability to talk to customer service. Terrible!"
Pros: "They dont let me in the plane I loose the flight"
Cons: "i loose the flight they dont let me in the plane"
Pros: "Such a delightful flight."
Cons: "Departure late by 25 minutes!!"
Pros: "ON time Flight"
Cons: "Nothing"
Cons: "Nothing"
Pros: "Boarding was simple and fast!"
Cons: "Online checking did not give me the option to change my seat. This could have been better."
Cons: "Departing on time."
Pros: "Nothing"
Cons: "Direct"
Pros: "Friendly Crew"
Cons: "The timing of the food service vs hours of flight"."
Cons: "They gave 2 veggie meals to mu big strapping men seat mates and the ignored me entirely!"
Pros: "Amazing crew, kind and patient"."
Cons: "They’re not too helpful in helping me get on a flight to my final destination."
Pros: "Nothing the worst customer service I ever had"
Cons: "The flight was canceled due to mechanical difficulties and British airways delayed helping us for 2 hours and then told us to use the phone 800 number to book a different flight. we needed to connect in London for the flight to Tel Aviv. The man on the phone barely spoke English and set us up with a flight that would not get us to our destination in time for our religious Sabbath Friday night. When we tried to explain the situation he hung up on us. We called back and tried to explain again we either spoke to the same man or another Indian man whom also spoke unintelligible English and he also hung up on us. In the mean time my wife spoke with the counter agents and they tried to find us another flight but by now other airline counters were closed. An hour later I tried the 800 number again and spoke again with the same Indian guy, when I asked to speak to a manager he gave me a hard time then finally said ok, put me on hold which I stayed for a while and realized he just put me on hold indefinitely. Finally after being in the airport for 9 hours we found a flight from United and a family member booked it online for us which we took to Tel Aviv and got us here only 2 hours later than our original flight which had a 12 hour layover in London and we were going to spend time touring but did not get to. As far as I am concerned British Airways has done a horrible job and no one should ever fly with them again. Unfortunately our flight home is with them I hope it goes smooth."
Pros: "The title says it all"
Pros: "The flight itself was fine"
Cons: "The delay made me miss my connections, and cost me a day at a festival I paid a lot of money for and planned 6 months around. the options given by staff were not too helpful": "Excellent customer service thank you""
Cons: "5 hours delay, and at 2 of them we were on board. Terrible food. We asked to walk outside, by foot, in the snow to the aircraft. Terrible flight."
Pros: "Punctuality Happy demeanor of cabin crew Meal and Wine Service to standard class passengers Safety Video!! :-)"
Cons: "the actual meal was not very good. I would prefer an option of dried fruit and nuts and a big water"
Pros: "Crew and entertainment are excellent"
Cons: "Food is mediocre. Temperature on the flights to and from Tel Aviv is very cold (needed blanket and shawl both directions)."."
Pros: "Good attitudes"
Cons: "N/a"
Cons: "My flight was cancelled, but after I took another flight, I was notified that my flight had merely been postponed for half an hour. By this time, I'd already missed my train in Frankfurt, creating hours of extra travel time and huge inconvenience after an already long trip from the US. British Airways said the cancellation had been due to weather, but skies were clear from London to Frankfurt. I'll never fly BA again."
Cons: "The boarding started late (30 min before supposed departure), took much longer than expected because we needed to use the bus. Then we waited another hour on the tarmac. We were told it would be only a few minutes. Then we were told we would make up for the lost time, but that wasn't true and an additional half hour was lost on a holding pattern at LHR. We missed our connection. The instructions were unclear on what to do (contradiction between flight attendants and ground crew). By the time we picked up new boarding passes, we had already missed that flight as well and had to go to the customer service, which took another 45 min. Flight entertainment didn't work the first hour. There was a high pitched beeping sound during the whole flight (not the regular airplane noise)."
Cons: "I thought the seats we were not comfortable"
Cons: "It gave me a different return date"
Pros: "Modern plane, great crew"
Cons: "Free seat next to me, kept getting filled by unassigned passengers, cramping my situation. One old lady took the seat & was snoring."
Cons: "The food."
Pros: "The crew was amazing!!!!"
Cons: "No leg room!"
Pros: "Loved the wide selection of movies to watch, as well as being served two meals."
Cons: "I wished the seats reclined more. The flight would have been near perfect then!"
Pros: "Seats were pretty comfortable. Food was quite good. Crew were helpful."
Cons: "See above."
Pros: "
Cons: : "Staff were nice"
Cons: "Disappointed with the food choice"
Pros: "Food and drink ok"
Cons: "I've had more comfortable seats on a C-17 cargo plane! Crew delivered meals, passed thru once with water then disappeared for 4 hours til breakfast.": : "Nice plane. Great movies"
Cons: "Breakfast poor quality. Disorganised boarding": "Back facing window seat, flat bed, great service, good food, arrival ahead of time". ."
Airlines flying from Los Angeles to Tel Aviv have enacted additional safety measures and adjusted policies to better accommodate travelers. Policies vary by airline.
Heightened sanitation
Daily cleaning, installation of cabin HEPA filters on flights from Los Angeles to Tel Aviv
Mandatory masks
Masks required on board, masks provided on flights from Los Angeles to Tel Aviv
Social distancing seating
Middle seats unavailable to book on flights from Los Angeles to Tel Aviv
Pre-flight testing
Testing for antibodies, testing for symptoms for flights from Los Angeles to Tel Aviv
Flexible cancellations
Waiving of change fees. Search flexible flights from Los Angeles to Tel Aviv
Los Angeles (LAX) United States
Tel Aviv (TLV) IsraelWe have news…
** A Note on COVID-19 **
We are still open to support you! We encourage you to continue to book virtual (phone or video) appointments where ever possible. We have in-office treatments available including acupuncture, IV therapy, B12 injections and massage therapy. Please note that a face mask is mandatory for all in-office appointments. You will be sent instructions once you book an appointment.
Sage Clinic COVID-19 Information
The Sage Clinic Has Moved!
In case you missed the announcement on our Instagram, Sage Naturopathic Clinic has moved and is reopen at the Chicopee Park Plaza:
1601 River Road, East. Unit 103
– next door to the Water Depot
– facing Morgan Ave
Here is what you can expect at the new space:
- 9 treatment rooms
- A large bright IV suite that will allow for more socially distanced IV treatments
- A large reception area
- All of our friendly practitioners looking forward to working with you on your health journeyDelicious curry for a good price. The staff are very friendly too. Not afraid to cater to your specific needs either in terms of oil content and spice. I highly recommend this little Indian place
Brendan Matthys
Naan bread and roti bread are tasty. However the curries for the most part all taste very similar.
Carter
Good food freshly made. A bit too salty but tasty. More for takeaway than dine in. Friendly faces.
Elizabeth Selvadurai
Happy with the service and the food. Will be back to try their dosa.
Timothy Chan
The taste is extraordinary over here. They have lots of varieties and the undo Chinese items are really superb. Have a takeaway as this little gem has very limited seats.
Golden 8 Brighton
Ranis Kitchen (Mount Waverley) - MOUNT WAVERLEY
311 Stephensons Rd
Mount Waverley Vic 3149
Ranis Kitchen (Brighton) - BRIGHTON
198 Bay St
Brighton Vic 3186
4 changes in behavior, and economists are predicting the virus will result in an economic loss to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars. But while the grave and tragic human toll of lost-lives cannot be measured, there is a silver lining. If the history of pandemics is a guide, this contagion, like all others, will spark a wave of innovation, proportional to how it alters the shape of society.
Just about every major scourge has similarly affected humanity and business, and there is no reason to believe that the coronavirus will impact us differently. The earliest known pandemic in history was the Plague of Athens in 429 BC that took almost 100,000 lives and changed how people think about life and disease. Since then, there have been hundreds of epidemics where each one has cost society anywhere from several thousand to tens of millions of lost lives..
Let’s look at some examples.
The Great Plague and the birth of modern society.
Very few disasters have affected society so significantly and done greater damage to humanity than the Great Plague or the Black Death between 1331-3153 in Europe. No one knows how many people died, but all estimates range from tens of millions to hundreds of millions. The Black Death is estimated to have killed 30% to 60% of Europe’s population and is considered the greatest calamity in history.
Just about everything changed as a result of this plague. With millions of people dead, human labor became a premium. People needed to work, and they needed to work harder and longer, giving rise to today’s work style. Wages rose, and the poor became wealthier, equalizing society. Land was plentiful as there were fewer people to share it with, and as incomes rose, so did literacy, giving rise to new thinking and freedom of thought. With education, the hierarchical society people lived in before the plague began to give way to a society further grounded in parity.
With more people working harder and for higher pay, one of the first things that came into existence were clocks and hourglasses to keep track of the time people worked. The plague also made citizens realize that the medical system they had previously relied on, one rooted in religion, did not work to keep them alive, and this spawned the birth of modern medicine, grounded in science and experimentation. And as labor became more precious, automation and tools that made it easier to do things were invented. The first eyeglasses were introduced to help people become more productive, as were hospitals, guns, modern homes, and a host of other innovations.
One of the greatest disasters the human race has ever faced gave rise to a new world and a new order of thinking that has shaped our lives for centuries and influences how we live and think today.
The Boston Small Pox Epidemic and the free press
In 1721, the worst smallpox epidemic hit Boston. Half of the city’s population of 11,000 was infected. The death toll of 850 was significant, but not nearly as deadly as many other epidemics. With so many infected, an extreme response was needed to curtail its spread, especially because people knew smallpox was deadly, having killed millions around the world. The only solution that seemed to have worked was variolation (something experimented in Asia). Variolation involved taking the pus from a lesion of an infected patient and inoculating it into a healthy person. It caused a mild infection but then secured the patient from getting the full-blown version of smallpox.
The very thought of taking infected matter from a deadly disease, and inserting it into a healthy human, caused societal rage. While some pushed for inoculating the healthy, most of the population rejected inoculation on religious and moral grounds. Even though the benefits were apparent (inoculated people had a mortality rate of 2%, compared to 14% for the non-inoculated), this solution was considered repulsive, and the two sides debated incessantly.
As the debate raged on, James Franklin (Benjamin Franklin’s brother) decided to share his opinions (which were against inoculation) in a newspaper. This opinion paper became a forum for debate and soon started including other stories about politics, local events, and even humor and satire, resulting in the creation of the first independent newspaper in the US. The smallpox epidemic catalyzed the development of the newspaper in the US, giving rise to a medium that, for centuries, has shaped how we think.
And of course, variolation eventually did catch on. As repulsive as the practice may have initially appeared, it saved countless lives in the subsequent decades until Edward Jenner introduced the first smallpox vaccine in 1797.
SARS and the growth of eCommerce
In November 2002, SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) first appeared in China and quickly spread to Hong Kong and other regions, putting the world on high alert (just like today). Travel to Asia came to a standstill costing the global travel industry billions. Tourism around the world came to a halt, and businesses and the global economy suffered. By some estimates, SARS cost the world economy some $40 billion. This figure is just the start as the real impact was not on what people did once they were aware of its risks, but what they didn’t do. They didn’t go to work; they didn’t go to malls, children didn’t go to schools, so parents had to stay home, they didn’t go to restaurants. All-in-all, a gloomy scenario, quite like the one we are facing today.
But, as with many other epidemics before it, as the dark cloud lifted, there was a silver lining. Consumer internet penetration in China, which had historically been low started to rise, eCommerce that was virtually non-existent, came into vogue. When people had to stay home, they still wanted to stay connected, shop from home, and get information to their homes. And while the internet was going to grow anyway, SARS accelerated its penetration in China and provided a launchpad for companies like Alibaba and JD.com to take advantage of shifting consumer habits and building two of the largest and most influential companies in China and the world.
Today – The Isolation economy
Pandemics catalyze innovation and accelerate change by providing an environment for launching and testing new ideas. Today’s coronavirus is already changing cultural and business norms shaking to the core of what we have taken for granted for decades and centuries. The simple act of a handshake is increasingly becoming a relic, even as we surgically wash our hands a dozen times a day.
Remote workers were already on the rise, but “working from home” is now WFH, the new normal. WFH will lead to a myriad of workplace changes impacting teamwork, productivity, collaboration, and communication. Since the coronavirus outbreak shares of Zoom, the WFH tool of choice have significantly outperformed the markets in value, an early sign of a market that is already anticipating changes. We can expect to see these transformations continue to impact how we think about office real estate and business interactions and collaboration, leading to a set of innovations to facilitate these evolving trends and make them permanent.
Additionally, people are now staying six feet away from each other; restaurant visits are down; we are avoiding gyms and public places. With the popularity of Netflix, food delivery, Amazon Prime, ultra-fast broadband and Pelotons, it seems as if we have spent the past decade preparing for this moment. But our lifestyle changes, which were already in the making, will be exacerbated by this deadly disease. Already companies like Postmates and Instacart are offering “contactless” delivery options. Similar offerings will evolve, and soon, a wave of innovation, designed for our new way of living and work, will spawn, and historians may likely mark today’s coronavirus as the spark for long-term societal change.- TJC
Anika Valenti our Senior Solicitor working to help Indigenous bushfood businesses
Updated: Dec 14, 2020
Anika Valenti, Senior Solicitor at Terri Janke and Company, has been working to help protect Indigenous knowledge in the bushfood industry and guide Indigenous businesses on their path to success. Bushfoods are native Australian plants and animals, and any products derived from this, such as lemon myrtle, finger lime, wattleseed, Kakadu plum and kangaroo meat.
One significant project Anika has been working on is Setting up for Success – A Guide for Aboriginal Bushfood Businesses, commissioned by the Department of Primary Industries and Regional Development in WA. The Bushfoods Guide seeks to assist Indigenous businesses in the Australian native foods industry, a niche area enjoying high levels of national and international interest, highlighting the unique, flavoursome and healthy properties of Australia’s bushfoods.
Indigenous-owned bushfood businesses are unique in that they bring Indigenous knowledge, including farming techniques, sustainable growing and harvesting practices, management processes for land and waters, and other cultural aspects such as language and story.
In 2019, the National Indigenous Bushfoods Symposium estimated that the Bushfoods industry is worth approximately $20 million annually. While the number of Indigenous people engaged in wild harvesting of bushfoods on country is relatively high, Aboriginal businesses represent only 1-2% of the market presence.
Anika says, “There is opportunity for Aboriginal businesses to lead and develop the Australian bushfoods industry and ensure that the commercialisation of bushfoods and Indigenous knowledge and culture is Aboriginal-led, culturally informed and sustainable for the future.”
As the industry continues to grow, Indigenous people and communities can lead the way in:
The development of unique bushfoods and bushfood products
Building sustainable businesses on country that bring employment, skills and cultural knowledge transfer to community
Strengthening community connection to country
Controlling the use of native food sources and Indigenous knowledge by the wider industry
Ensuring that bushfoods and related Indigenous knowledge is developed, used and commercialised in a culturally appropriate, respectful and sustainable way that ensures benefit sharing and respect of country.
The Bushfoods Guide is currently being finalised and will be made publicly available in early 2021.
Anika Valenti. Artwork: Rene Kulitja, 'Ancient Tracks and Waterholes'
TJC and Anika can help you with:
Setting up your bushfood business
Protection of your business brand, including trade mark registration
Commercial contracts that are compliant with Access & Benefit Sharing (ABS) and protection of Indigenous knowledge
Non-Disclosure Agreements
Indigenous Cultural & Intellectual Property (ICIP) Protocols
Bush Products & the Law workshops
True Tracks® ICIP workshops
Contact tjc@terrijanke.com.au or call +61 2 9693 2577Valkyrie Rush Mod Apk Lets glamorous and beautiful Valkyries fight on the boundless battlefield: ValkyrieRush
Enjoy the endless battles with Valkyries of various combinations.
Summon fairies from Crystals to fuse them to a Legendary Valkyrie!
Build a clan by collecting gorgeous yet dangerous Valkyries
including a goddess of battlefields with heavy weapons and a witch using range magic.
Upgrade your Valkyries constantly from EXP and Gold you obtain when you are offline.
Collect Valkyries to conquer the endless planets.
Valkyries continue to fly to battle in the sky when you’re playing it or not.
No more complicated strategies.
All you need to do is to adjust the positions and to drag Valkyries to enjoy the shooting battles flying through thy broad sky.
Upgrade your Valkyries to go further!
Compete with other players in content including Legendary Boss and Daily Dungeon.
Device App Access Permission Notice Valkyrie Valkyrie Rush whenever you want.
You May Also Like: RAID Shadow Legends Mod Apk Unlimited Money/Gems
More Info: Google Play Store
Access permissions are requested for us to provide you with the following service when you use the app.
[Required]
None
[Optional]
None
***
• Items are available for purchase in this game. Some paid items may not be refundable depending on the type of item.
Now, You can Download this new version game Valkyrie Rush 1.2.12 Mod Apk Unlimited Crystals/lulu box Latest Version 2021 Latest Version for free from given links and enjoy.We have a total of 15 Property & Houses for rent & sale in Peponi Nairobi updated on 15 Feb 2021 . Among these properties are houses, lands, shops, apartments, flats and commercial spaces in Peponi, Nairobi. Every Real Estate posted on this site is verified by real estate agents in Peponi, Nairobi. We also have cheap houses for rent in Peponi, Nairobi and cheap houses for sale in Peponi, Nairobi. Refine your property search in Peponi, Nairobi by price, number of beds and type of property
FOR RENT: Peponi: stunning 4bedroom villa to let Are you looking for a modern tasteful ho.. Read more
FOR RENT: Peponi: 4bedroom masoinette to let Well located in a highly sought after addres.. Read more
FOR RENT: Spacious 4 bedroom townhouse to let in Peponi Spacious 4 bedroom townhouse avai.. Read more
FOR SALE: 4 bedroom villa in peponi gardens for sale A lovely and very spacious 4 bedroom.. Read more
FOR SALE: Modern 5 Bedroom Town House Plus Dsq It is 5 bedroom Modern town house plus dsq.. Read more
FOR RENT: Executive 10 Bedrooms Double Storey To Let In Peponi. This astounding double st.. Read more
FOR RENT: Four bedroom house Masterful design at the center of modern conveniences and en.. Read moreWhat to Read After... Ed Vere
Published on: 17 August 2020 Author: Anna McKerrow
We've loved having Ed Vere as our Illustrator in Residence! But if you like Ed's brilliant picture books, which other stories might you enjoy?
We've come up with some ideas in the latest edition of What to Read After, and would love to hear your recommendations too!
As Ed finishes his residency, what better way to consider his amazing legacy as a picture book creator than use his brilliant stories as a bridge to other fantastic picture books?
For fans of How to Be a Lion
If you loved Ed's How to Be A Lion, you might also enjoy Lion Lessons by Jon Agee, where a boy tries to learn lion-like skills only to find that the best use for his new fierceness is to protect others.
In the hilarious The Lion Inside, Rachel Bright and Jim Field explore ideas of fierce and fearful animals and remind us that we can always be brave, no matter how small we are.
And readers looking for other picture books to remind us that boys are allowed to be thoughtful and shy will also adore the award-winning Julian is A Mermaid and Ann Stott and Bob Graham's Want to Play Trucks?
For fans of Mr Big
The lovely book Mr Big about a lonely, piano-playing gorilla might lead you to Tim Hopgood's Cyril the Lonely Cloud in which no one wants Cyril, a rain cloud - until he finds a new place where he is very appreciated.
Alternatively, in Frann Preston-Gannon's In the Swamp by the Light of the Moon, a frog feels rather lonely until he finds other creatures to join in with his song.
For fans of Banana!
Ed's brilliant two-word book Banana! is a brilliant one to read aloud with little ones, as is John Kane's I Say Ooh, You Say Aah, which uses repetition to hilarious effect. Or try Sue Hendra and Paul Linnet's one-word picture book Egg which explores the theme of fitting in and not being afraid to be yourself – with lots of hilarious moments.
For fans of Grumpy Frog
If you loved Ed's Grumpy Frog and are looking for other picture books that explore the tricky topic of anger, tantrums and expressing our emotions, Tom Percival's Ravi's Roar and Anna Llenas' The Colour Monster are a great place to start.
For slightly older children, Shinsuke Yoshitake's Why Do I Feel Like This? follows a little girl as she develops healthy coping mechanisms for when she feels really scared, angry or naughty.
For fans of Bedtime for Monsters
If your little ones love the scary-yet-adorable monsters in Bedtime for Monsters they will probably also love Pip Jones and Laura Hughes' loveable monster Chunk in The Chocolate Monster or Amy Sparkes and Sara Ogilvie's Do Not Enter the Monster Zoo, featuring burping Purple Gurps, furry Furbles and the scary Squirgal.
For fans of Max the Brave
Fans of brave cats like Max in Max The Brave might enjoy the Doodle Cat books by Kat Patrick and Lauren Farrell, and the Superkitty picture books by Hannah Whitty and Paula Bowles, featuring a sassy superhero cat.
For slightly older, newly independent readers, try the lovely the Kitty books by Jenny Lovlie and Paula Harrison, in which an adventurous young cat, the daughter of two feline superheroes, pursues nightly adventures.
For fans of The Getaway
Finally, if your little ones adored Fingers McGraw the Cheese Thief in Ed's very first book, The Getaway, what about M N Tahl and Mark Chambers' Supermouse and the Big Cheese Robbery, in which Supermouse (aka Peter Parmesan the mouse) must recover his town's Big Cheese from the grip of villains that are definitely up to no gouda?
Or there's Meg McLaren's Pigeon PI, in which pigeon detective Murray MacMurray must find birds that have been going missing all over the city. And Elys Dolan's Doughnut of Doom sees peanut-butter-sandwich-and-investigative-journalist Nancy McNutty go up against the mysterious doughnut creation from a secret lab and win - with some great detective puns throughout.
Join in!
You've heard our suggestions - now we'd love you to share yours! Do you know the perfect book for a fan of Ed Vere's books? Did your little one go from Max the Brave and How to Be a Lion to another brilliant story?
We want to hear your thoughts, so share your recommendations in the comments box below or by tweeting us @BookTrust with the hashtag #WhatToReadAfter!
More from What to Read After
BookTrust HomeTime
Looking for something fun as a family? Enjoy storytime with our free online books and videos, play games, win prizes, test your knowledge in our book-themed quizzes, or even learn how to draw some of your favourite characters.
Add a comment10000011001 has 4 divisors (see below), whose sum is σ = 10434794112. Its totient is φ = 9565227892.
The previous prime is 10000010971. The next prime is 10000011017. The reversal of 10000011001 is 10011000000011001 - 27 = 10000010873 is a prime.
It is a Duffinian number.
It is not an unprimeable number, because it can be changed into a prime (10000011061) by changing a digit.
It is a polite number, since it can be written in 3 ways as a sum of consecutive naturals, for example, 217391521 + ... + 217391566.
It is an arithmetic number, because the mean of its divisors is an integer number (2608698528).
Almost surely, 210000011001 is an apocalyptic number.
It is an amenable number.
10000011001 is a deficient number, since it is larger than the sum of its proper divisors (434783111).
10000011001 is an equidigital number, since it uses as much as digits as its factorization.
10000011001 is an odious number, because the sum of its binary digits is odd.
The sum of its prime factors is 434783110.
The product of its (nonzero) digits is 1, while the sum is 4.
Adding to 10000011001 its reverse (10011000001), we get a palindrome (20011011002).
It can be divided in two parts, 1000001 and 1001, that multiplied together give a palindrome (1001001001).
The spelling of 10000011001 in words is "ten billion, eleven thousand, one".
• e-mail: info -at- numbersaplenty.com • Privacy notice • done in 0.101 sec. • engine limits •Dubstep
Oliverse Releases Five-Track Experimental Bass ‘Outerworld’ EP
At a time when Bass music is at its peak, it can be hard to find an original sound among the womps. Enter Oliverse, the young Producer who is forging his own experimental Bass sound with his newest EP, appropriately titled ‘Outerworld’. The five-track collection spans a variety of genre inspirations, from the electro, dubby and futuristic opener “My Vibe” to the ethereal vocals and melodic basslines of the sensual “Unspoken” ft. Elle. Oliverse employs the fusion of elements from Electro House, Future Bass, Dubstep and more to make his unique sound, which is sometimes brought to life with the synth-laden drops of “Parachute,” or the more cinematic and melodic outro track that gives the EP its name. No matter your taste on the bass spectrum, this EP has something for you. ‘Outerworld’ is out now on Disciple Records.
[maxbutton id=”2″ url=”” ]
Ryan Oliphant – better known as Oliverse – was always destined for music. An emo kid at heart, the UK artist started playing guitar at a very young age, which eventually led to the exploration of producing music. In his earlier career, Ryan used multiple different aliases to create Dubstep primarily, but Oliverse was born in 2015 when he decided to shift his focus to a more experimental Bass sound. The talented youth quickly found his feet in the Bass scene and released his debut EP ‘Mountains’, which he quickly followed with his single “Hold It Down” alongside the highly anticipated remix from recurring collaborator, Tisoki, which earned a staple track status in Skrillex’s sets throughout the year. He’s also lent his high-energy, dynamic sound to remixes for Modestep, Emalkay, Dodge & Fuski. Since then, he’s earned the support of legendary artists including Excision, Getter, Borgore, and Diskord. As the ‘Outerworld’ EP demonstrates, Oliverse is just getting started, and he’s only going up from here. Keep an eye out for more from Oliverse coming soon!
CONNECT WITH OLIVERSE NOW!
Twitter
InstagramThe), expected to host the data.
The system
The system is location-based and it is expected to provide an effective means of addressing every location and place in the country, including undeveloped parcels of land, using an information technology application (app).
The app will generate a unique code for every property or location in Ghana, using the Global Positioning System (GPS) technology.
A national address registry will be imbedded into the system to enable individuals to validate their home and business addresses for easy direction and identification purposes.
Launch
President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo and Vice-President Mahamudu Bawumia are expected to grace the launch of the system, a precursor to the National Identification Authority’s Ghana card, a national identification card.
The system will be a major turnaround for a country that was last mapped in 1974 and lacks an efficient addressing system which has become a serious impediment to development and planning.
The Land Administration Project (LAP), which began in 2003, has been able to map only 10 per cent of the country’s landmass.
Benefits
The Chief Commercial Officer of Ghana Post, Mr Jonathan Ansah, said the digital address system would bring the needed change that would be of enormous benefit to the Ghanaian economy.
“It is expected that everything we do, going forward, will change and it will create more opportunities for the youth who are technologically savvy,” he said.
With the snail mail service such as Ghana Post facing stiff competition from the Internet, Mr Ansah said the new system was a “new opportunity for us to grow our business and also be efficient and productive.”
“The letter box is becoming irrelevant. There are many youth today who do not care if the post office exists or not but this system allows Ghana Post to interact directly with the consumer at his or her convenience and location.
“With our e-commerce platform, website that has online shopping modules, all you need to do is to shop and enter your digital address there, and we know exactly where to drop the parcel at your doorstep and convenience,” he explained.
The future
Mr Ansah said in future, state institutions, including the NIA, Social Security and National Insurance Trust (SSNIT), the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Authority (DVLA) and other institutions that dealt with public data would have to synchronise and use one database owned by Ghana Post.
Background
Vice-President Bawumia in February this year announced the government’s determination to have a digital property addressing system, as well as a national identification system by the end of the year.
One minute read
The national digital Property Address System is expected to be available for public use on Wednesday, October 18, 2017 when the President, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, launches it in Accra.
Designed by VOKACOM, a Ghanaian firm, and deployed in partnership with the Ghana Post Company Ltd and the National Information Technology Agency (NITA), the system would make it easier to find locations across the country and facilitate the work of emergency services.Overview
Screenshots (4)
Reviews
Defending with towers once more
The 3DS eShop, as well as DSiWare before it, has had its fair share of tower defence titles. After all, it's a relatively simple kind of game to create. Toy Defence is the latest release in the sub-genre, and as you'd expect it's quite similar to the games it's taking after. As you might glean from the title and...
About The Game!
Now on sale for $2.
Tap here to load 1 comments
Hold on there, you need to login to post a comment...Britney Spears 'Offended' by Body Improvement Consultations: 'Kiss My White A**'
Britney Spears says she's "offended" by consultations for "body improvements," telling practitioners of cosmetic procedures to "kiss my white a**."
The pop superstar, 39, took to Instagram on Thursday to share a photo of herself posing topless as she spoke about her distaste for being told what somebody else believes should be changed about her body.
In the image, she was seen proudly posing in a pair of white denim shorts, while she accessorized with a selection of jewelry that included a gold necklace.
Captioning her post, she wrote: "What is it with consultations for body improvements ???? Is it me or is anybody else offended by these experiences ... maybe I'm extremely sensitive ... either way I would rather fall off a cliff 🕳 than have a doctor tell me what he thinks is wrong with my body image ... lesson learned !!!! Psss kiss my white a*** 💋🍑👋🏻 !!!!!"
The "Toxic" singer received an outpouring of support for her defiant statement, with one fan praising her for "taking her power back," while another assured the mother-of-two: "You're perfect as you are queen."
Over the summer, the star shared a series of topless photos of herself on Instagram, and in July she explained her reasons for posting the images.
"No guys ... I didn't get a boob job in just a week ... nor am I pregnant ...," she wrote. "I have boobs in these pics cause I devoured food 😋 !!!! Before I show you more pics of my body ... !!!!
"The immediate reaction to any woman who does this after shedding a layer is DAMN I FEEL BETTER ... therefore you think you look better !!!
** but I feel like performing made me too self conscious about my body and that's not attractive ...."
The star went on: "anyways I bet you're wondering why I'd expose my body NOW ... and to me looking back at my pictures when I shoot it's insane the psychology in seeing myself in my purest form gives evidence that pain ... hurt ... tears ... and heavy burdens aren't who I am.
 🤷🏼♀️🤷🏼♀️🤷🏼♀️ !!!!"
A number of Spears' fans have taken her posts as the star asserting her freedom, as she started to share them at the height of her conservatorship battle.
A Los Angeles judge recently suspended the singer's father, Jamie Spears, from the conservatorship, which has seen decisions on Britney Spears' personal and financial affairs taken out of her hands since 2008.
Jamie Spears oversaw the personal and financial arms of the conservatorship from 2008, amid concerns for his daughter's mental health.
In 2019, he was replaced by Jodi Montgomery on the personal branch of the conservatorship after stepping down, citing health reasons. Since his suspension, the Spears patriarch has been replaced by accountant John Zabel.
Britney Spears' legal team has launched a bid to have the conservatorship dissolved altogether, with a hearing on the matter set for November 12.
Abstract.
Introduction
There is evidence that consistent physical activity plays a crucial role not only in physical fitness, but also in psychological health1,2. It has been suggested that physical activity could also exert a positive effect on cognitive function and learning3,4,5. This putative association is based on evidence that physical activity6,7 as well as physical fitness8 are related to different types of changes in the brain relevant for cognitive function and learning. This has led to an increasing interest in the associations between physical activity behaviour and academic performance.
Several review articles have evaluated the association between physical activity and academic performance. However, no pooled effect sizes have been estimated in many of these reviews. Rasberry et al.9 reviewed some 50 cross-sectional and longitudinal studies, some with follow-ups of several years. They focused on the association between school-based physical activity and several indicators of school performance in children from 5 to 18 years of age; they concluded that the association between physical activity and academic performance was either positive or that no relationship could be demonstrated. Due to the small number and heterogeneity of the included studies, the magnitudes of effect sizes were not reported. Singh et al.10 reviewed the longitudinal studies concentrating on temporal associations between physical activity and academic achievement in young people also under the age of 18 years. The focus was on physical activity organized during school days, with most studies originating from North America. There was extensive variation of the intervention content between the studies with only two studies being evaluated of high methodological quality. A positive relationship between physical activity and academic performance was also found in this review, which the authors considered to be supportive of a causal effect. More recently, Mura et al. in 20155 reviewed the effectiveness of school-based physical activity interventions on academic achievement. Despite different duration of interventions (range from 2 weeks to several years), physical activity carried out in school settings was found to have either a positive association (10 out 16 studies) or no association with academic performance (6 out of 16 studies).
The causality of these relationship can be studied best with randomized controlled trials and interventions, but they have been much rarely conducted in the field of physical activity and academic performance. Lees et al.11 concentrated on causal effects among children and adolescents under 19 years of age by summarizing eight randomized controlled trials using aerobic physical activity as an independent variable. The authors concluded that the results of these trials provided evidence that aerobic physical activity had a positive causal role in both cognitive functioning and academic achievement. However, the relationship was weak, because no statistically significant improvement had been detected in any of the individual studies included in the review. The validity of the included studies was assessed, but again, the opportunity to summarize the magnitudes of effect sizes was restricted. The authors speculated that some of the studies included in the review were underpowered and/or had too brief of duration of follow-up to be sufficiently reliable.
The findings emerging from these reviews based on dozens of studies suggest that the association between physical activity and academic performance is mainly positive, but there are other studies reporting no association or even a negative association. In particular, more recent studies using objectively measured physical activity have tended either to find no association12,13 or even a negative association13,14 between physical activity and academic performance. Some caution is necessary here since many factors, such as adequate statistical power and the type and duration of interventions, may contribute to the lack of association.
When reviewing the findings of the studies that examine the association between physical activity and academic performance, it is important to bear in mind that childhood intelligence and cognitive ability have shown to predict subsequent health15, physical activity16 and physical fitness17. For example in a British longitudinal study, higher mental ability at age of 10 years predicted a significantly higher level of physical activity in adulthood16. A more recent longitudinal New Zealand study showed that children with better cognitive ability achieved a higher level of physical fitness in adulthood17. Thus, the reported associations between physical activity and academic performance may partly reflect the associations between cognitive ability and physical activity.
No previous study has comprehensively investigated the mutual longitudinal associations between physical activity and academic performance to evaluate potential mechanisms underpinning the association. Despite suggestions of causality between physical activity and improved academic performance11, the direction of the association remains poorly understood. An assessment of the direction of the association can be obtained within a model that simultaneously considers both longitudinal paths, i.e. from physical activity to academic performance and from academic performance to physical activity. Moreover, very few studies have paid attention to the role of leisure-time physical activity, most have concentrated on physical activity organized in school, although leisure-time physical activity may better reflect voluntary behaviour than compulsory, school-based physical activity. Leisure-time physical activity also shows greater variation than school-based activities since the latter does not necessarily reflect the wishes and/or inherent abilities of the student.
Accordingly, our main aim was to investigate the direction and magnitude of the associations between leisure-time physical activity and academic performance at four time points across adolescence and young adulthood. In this way, we aimed to investigate whether leisure-time physical activity would be predictive for subsequent academic performance and/or educational attainment or vice versa, or both, and whether the possible associations would be sustained after the child leaves school and enters into young adulthood and early working life. Based on extensive previous evidence, we hypothesized that there would be a positive association between leisure-time physical activity and academic performance, i.e. that leisure-time physical activity would predict subsequent academic performance. We also aimed to examine whether environmental (e.g. family environment) and genetic factors shared by co-twins explain the association between leisure-time physical activity and academic performance. Furthermore, we aimed to investigate to what extent cognitive ability explains the association between leisure-time physical activity and educational attainment in young adulthood.
Results
Descriptive statistics for leisure-time physical activity and academic performance are presented in Table 1. The most common grade point average for 12 and 14 year old participants was 8–9 (47.3%) with the maximum grade point average being 10. The majority of the participants (61.8%) were studying at upper secondary school at age of 17 years, and the most common educational attainment in young adulthood was tertiary education (53.3%). The most often reported frequency of leisure-time physical activity was 2–3 times a week in each study wave among participants (percentages ranged from 30.0% to 49.4%).
Academic performance variables were highly statistically significantly and positively correlated with each other across survey waves (Table 2); polychoric correlations ranged from 0.55 (p < 0.001) to 0.84 (p < 0.001). Similarly, leisure-time physical activity variables were statistically significantly positively correlated from one survey wave to the next, but the correlations were not as high as for academic performance variables (from 0.18 (p < 0.001) to 0.43 (p < 0.001)). Importantly, leisure-time physical activity and academic performance were also statistically significantly positively associated at the different survey points (range from r = 0.07 (p < 0.01) to r = 0.21 (p < 0.001)). The strongest associations were found between leisure-time physical activity behaviour at age of 17 years and academic performance at ages of 14 (r = 0.17, p < 0.001), 17 (r = 0.19, p < 0.001) and 24 (r = 0.21, p < 0.001) years as well as between leisure-time physical activity behaviour at age of 24 years and academic performance at age of 24 years (r = 0.15, p < 0.001) (Table 2).
First, we conducted the cross-lagged path model adjusting for the participants’ sex (Fig. 1). We observed that academic performance at each survey wave statistically significantly predicted subsequent academic achievements (standardized path coefficients from 0.48 (p < 0.001) to 0.69 (p < 0.001)). The same was seen between the repeated measurements of leisure-time physical activity over time. The coefficients were somewhat lower than those for academic performance, but remained statistically significant (standardized path coefficients from 0.34 (p < 0.001) to 0.37 (p < 0.001)). This auto-regressive part of the model indicates that the temporal stability of academic performance from the age of 12 years to the age of 24 years is higher than the temporal stability of leisure-time physical activity over the same time period.
The cross-lagged effects, which were crucial to our hypothesis indicated that higher academic performance at ages of 12 and 14 years predicted a statistically significantly higher frequency of leisure-time physical activity in the follow-up time-points, even if the previous level of leisure-time physical activity was taken into account in the model; standardized path coefficients were 0.08 (p < 0.001) at age 14 and 0.11 (p < 0.001) at age 17. This pattern was not found in young adulthood, and leisure-time physical activity did not predict subsequent academic performance at any time point. Residual correlations between leisure-time physical activity and academic performance at ages of 12 and 17 years were statistically significant (standardized path coefficients of 0.11 (p < 0.001) and 0.12 (p < 0.001)), respectively. The model had an excellent fit to the data (χ2 [7] = 18.23, p = 0.01, CFI = 0.999, RMSEA = 0.017).
When the cross-lagged path model was adjusted for the participants’ sex, parental education and parental leisure-time physical activity, very few changes were seen compared to the analyses adjusted only for sex (Fig. 2). Previous academic performance again positively predicted the subsequent frequency of physical activity in leisure-time at age 14 (standardized path coefficient 0.07 (p < 0.001)) and at age 17 (standardized path coefficient 0.12 (p < 0.001)). One major change was that higher academic performance at age of 17 years predicted a statistically significantly higher frequency of leisure-time physical activity also at age of 24 years (standardized path coefficient was 0.06 (p < 0.05)). Again, leisure-time physical activity was not a predictor of academic performance at any single time point. Minor effects on the auto-regressive coefficients were observed. Residual correlations between leisure-time physical activity and academic performance at age of 12 and 17 years were statistically significant (standardized path coefficients of 0.08 (p < 0.001) and 0.13 (p < 0.001), respectively). The cross-lagged path model with covariates displayed also an excellent fit to the data (χ2 [7] = 17.12, p = 0.029 CFI = 0.999, RMSEA = 0.016).
Cross-lagged path model for leisure-time physical activity and academic performance.
The covariates of sex, parental education and parental leisure-time physical activity were included in the model. Only statistically significant associations are presented in the figure. d = residual variance, *p < 0.05, ***p < 0.001.
Results of the bivariate cross-lagged path model for the within-pair differences in leisure-time physical activity and academic performance suggested that environmental and genetic factors shared by co-twins did not explain the association between leisure-time physical activity and academic performance: within-pair differences in academic performance positively predicted subsequent within-pair differences in leisure-time physical activity at age 14 (standardized path coefficients 0.06 (p < 0.001)) and at age 24 (standardized path coefficients 0.09 (p < 0.05)) being consistent with the individual-based results (Supplementary material II, Supplement Fig. 1).
Linear regression results for cross-sectional data on leisure-time physical activity, educational attainment and cognitive ability showed that a statistically significant and independent association between leisure-time physical activity and academic performance remained even after cognitive ability was included in the model (Supplementary material III).
Discussion
We investigated the direction and magnitude of the associations between leisure-time physical activity and academic performance from adolescence to young adulthood in a cross-lagged path model. The results revealed a consistent pattern in which better academic performance in adolescence was modestly associated with an increased frequency of leisure-time physical activity in late adolescence and young adulthood, and that patterns was independent of the prior level of leisure-time physical activity as well as parental factors. The examination of the association from the reverse direction, i.e. whether leisure-time physical activity predicted academic performance, was also clear: we found no evidence for a link in any survey wave. However, it should be noted that there was relatively less variance in academic performance to be explained by leisure-time physical activity than the other way around, which may have affected the result.
Our results are consistent with recent studies and reviews confirming the positive association between physical activity and academic performance4,5,9,10. However, we were unable to demonstrate, and thus failed to confirm our working hypothesis, that physical activity would predict academic performance, as claimed in the review of Lees et al.11. Although that previous review of randomized controlled trials found a positive association, it was only a weak relationship. Our study design cannot prove causal relationships18, but because of its longitudinal design with several follow-up waves, our results are nevertheless informative about potential causal effects i.e. an appropriate temporal order is a necessary prerequisite for causality. Further, we demonstrated similar association within pairs of co-twins who share many childhood environmental factors and in the case of MZ twins, they are also genetically identical. This result suggests that the association between academic performance and physical activity is not explained by genetic and non-genetic factors shared by co-twins.
We also found that cognitive ability explained part of the association between educational attainment and leisure-time physical activity in young adulthood, but an independent association between academic performance and physical activity still remained although it was somewhat weaker. The reduced association was expected as cognitive ability is a major predictor of educational achievement and has been linked with physical activity levels5. The process of neuroselection19,20 may be one of the mechanisms that could explain why cognitive ability is associated with physical activity. The neuroselection hypothesis states that healthier behaviour choices are selected by the individuals with better cognitive ability. In other words, those who are cognitively more capable may have better learning and reasoning skills, and thus, they may be able to do better choices related to physical activity behaviour than those with lower cognitive ability15.
Very few previous studies have concentrated on leisure-time physical activity when studying associations between physical activity and academic performance. Our results with leisure-time physical activity, however, further support the positive association found between physical activity and academic performance in the reviews, which have concentrated on school-based physical activity5,9,10. Moreover, our study had one of the longest follow-ups in this field encompassing the transition from school to young adulthood and initiation of the working life. The results we found over the age range of secondary school students were consistent with the results found in recent studies5,9,10 as well as with confirming our own survey for follow-up time points from ages 12 to 17.
When comparing the results of different studies it is important to bear in mind that both physical activity and academic performance are complex to define and can be measured in many ways. For example, many of the recent studies revealing no association or negative results originate from studies, which measured physical activity behaviour objectively12,13,14. Methodological differences along with small sample sizes and the poor quality of many existing studies may also have resulted in the discrepant findings. It can be speculated that the duration of interventions may be another factor explaining the diverging results. Therefore, the results from different studies need to be compared with caution.
Varying results between studies could be due to national differences in the schooling systems. Finland offers an education that is publicly funded, and free to all children, which means that differences between schools are only marginal. PISA studies during the last decades have revealed that Finnish students have been very successful in their assessments21. PISA study focuses on students’ ability to use their knowledge and skills to meet real-life challenges. In addition, Finland is an active sporting nation adhering to the principle of “sport for all”22. Most Finnish young people have similar opportunities to exercise in their leisure-time. More than eight out of 10 Finns aged 15 and older engage in some kind of sporting activity23. Thus, the Finnish results are not explained by the heterogeneity of the educational system or exercise opportunities. Therefore, the conflicting results between previous publications and our current study may be explained by different educational and sport systems in different countries.
One of the main potential limitations of the present study is the use of self-reported questionnaire data to estimate: 1) leisure-time physical activity, 2) student status at age of 17 years and 3) educational attainment in young adulthood. It is well-known that self-reports may have shortcomings with respect to validity and the reliability of the measure24. Although the validity of the physical activity questionnaires used in Finnish twins has been demonstrated25,26,27,28, the possibility of errors cannot be avoided when using a non-objective instrument. In contrast to these subjective measurements, grade point averages in adolescence were reported by teachers when the twins were aged 12 and 14 years. One advantage of the teacher-based measurement is that a well-trained, professional has evaluated the twins’ school performance as objectively as possible, in the context of a very homogeneous school system with an overall national curriculum. In addition, the proficiency level of the teachers is rather similar since all have undergone Master’s level training.
This study was limited by the absence of an objective measure of leisure-time physical activity, and furthermore, criticism can be raised at the subjective assessment of physical activity. Limiting the subjective assessment of physical activity to only its frequency measure was not the most optimal way to measure physical activity behaviour. However, the frequency of physical activity was the only variable for which longitudinal data were available in the present study. It is possible that a lack of comprehensiveness in the assessment of leisure-time physical activity dimensions does somewhat restrict the picture of the total leisure-time physical activity behaviour. It is, however, unlikely that issues related to the measurement of physical activity would explain the association between physical activity and academic performance, instead, they would tend to make the association weaker.
Moreover, our findings are limited to people over 12 years of age. Thus, the direction of the association between leisure-time physical activity and academic performance among individuals under the age of 12 years remains still poorly known. It may be that the pattern of associations in early childhood is not consistent with the pattern we found among twins over 12 years of age. For example, the process of neuroselection has been suggested to occur more likely from adolescence onwards than in childhood19.
A key strength of the present study is the longitudinal study design with four waves, providing an opportunity to assess the mutual relationships between leisure-time physical activity and educational achievement. Longitudinal studies are ideal for studying factors over time, but most importantly, they enable testing the temporal directions of the association which is a prerequisite for the investigation of potential causal associations.
A further strength of this study is its large sample size, which ensures sufficient statistical power to detect statistically significant associations. Moreover, various selection biases are unlikely in our study due to the rather high participation rate in the survey and the inclusion of multiple domains in the questionnaire. We were able to take several covariates into account and therefore to control for potential familial confounding. In addition, we could adjust the results for unmeasured environmental and genetic factors by using the twin design, and also adjust the results for cognitive ability. Finally, our results are based on a population-based sample with relatively equal sex representation and high response rates, which contributes to the good generalizability of the study findings.
This study demonstrated that a better academic performance in adolescence modestly predicts an increased level of leisure-time physical activity in late adolescence and young adulthood. However, we found that leisure-time physical activity did not predict later academic performance at any time point in our survey. Thus, our findings do not clearly support the belief that physically active adolescents would perform better academically in the future, but rather children and adolescents who perform well in school tend to be more physically active later on.
For future studies, more information on the role of leisure-time physical activity instead of school based physical activity in the field is needed. Intervention studies, especially large randomized controlled trials, would also help to develop a full picture of the association between physical activity and academic performance. In public health perspective, the main implication of the present study is the need for better-targeted physical activity promotion actions for children and adolescents with lower levels of academic performance. Early detection and support may minimize the risk of lower levels of physical activity in later life. Such early-targeted interventions are also expected to be cost-effective, which is in the interest of policy makers.
Methods
Participants
The participants were drawn from the FinnTwin12 (FT12) study, which is a longitudinal study of health and behaviour in Finnish twins (birth cohorts 1983–1987) and their families29. The twins were identified from the Central Population Registry of Finland, and the relevant data for the study were collected through mailed questionnaires. The parents of twins assessed different aspects of their children’s behaviour and development as well as their own socioeconomic status and health behaviour. In addition, teachers assessed twins’ behaviour and academic performance at school.
To date, four waves of the FT12 study have been completed. In the first phase, the twins and their parents completed questionnaires when the twins were 11–12 years old. Subsequently, the twins were surveyed again at the mean ages of 14 (SD 0.08 years, range 13.7–14.9) and 17.6 (SD 0.26 years, range 17.2–19.5) years30,31. The last data collection wave of the FT12 study was conducted during the years 2006–2009 when the twins were young adults, at the mean age of 24.2 years (SD 1.64 years, range 20.5–27.5). The response rates have been high in each wave of data collection, ranging from 73% to 90%29,31.
Initially, 5,600 twins and their families were enrolled to the FT12 study. In the present study, we had data available on leisure-time physical activity and academic performance from 4,180 twin individuals (50% females) when they were 12 years old, 2,859 twin individuals (51% females) at age 14 years, 4,190 twin individuals (52% females) at age 17 years, and 3,171 twin individuals (61% females) they were 24 years old. Furthermore, we had data from 1,915, twin pairs (672 monozygotic (MZ) pairs, 634 dizygotic (DZ) same-sex pairs, 609 DZ opposite-sex pairs) at age 12, 1,174 twin pairs (427 MZ pairs, 384 DZ same-sex pairs, 363 DZ opposite-sex pairs) at age 14, 1,925 twin pairs (672 MZ pairs, 636 DZ same-sex pairs, 617 DZ opposite-sex pairs) at age 17, 1,261 twin pairs (489 MZ pairs, 392 DZ same-sex pairs, 380 DZ opposite-sex pairs) at age 24. In addition, we had cross-sectional data on general cognitive ability from 788 twin individuals at age 24 years.
Assessment of leisure-time physical activity
Self-reported leisure-time physical activity behaviour was assessed for each study wave of the FT12 study. The assessment of twins’ activity level was based on a structured question on the frequency of leisure-time physical activity excluding physical education classes at school. The item was asked in exactly the same form in all survey waves “How often do you exercise or take part in sports during your leisure-time”? However, the response options were somewhat different. At the study wave of ages 12 and 14 years, there were five response options: (1) just about every day, (2) two to three times a week, (3) two to three times a month, (4) two to three times in six months, (5) not at all. When the twins aged, the seven response options at age of 17 years were: (1) just about every day, (2) four to five times a week, (3) two to three times a week, (4) about once a week, (5) one to two times a month, (6) less than once a month, (7) not at all. The options were the same in young adulthood as they were at age of 17 years, but one extra response option was included i.e. “several times every day”. Previous studies have shown good correlations between the leisure-time physical activity items used in the Finnish twin studies (including the question we used to assess leisure-time physical activity behaviour) and physical activity data obtained by interview (r = 0.56, p < 0.001)25 or by a detailed assessment of 12-month leisure-time physical activity history (r = 0.73, p < 0.001)32.
Assessment of academic performance
School performance was assessed by teachers at school with a grade point average at ages of 12 and 14 years. Teachers answered the following question: “What was the twin’s grade point average at the end of the academic year? (in the Finnish school system, grade point averages range from the lowest value of 4 to the highest value of 10)”. The responses were categorized as following: (1) better than 9, (2) from better than 8 to 9, (3) from better than 7 to 8, (4) from better than 6 to 7, (5) six and under, (6) numeral grades not given. For the twins for whom numeral grades were not given at ages 12 (N = 1,275) or 14 (N = 12) years, their most likely grade point average category membership was imputed by using several other school performance variables reported by the teachers, such as spelling, reading aloud, and mathematics33. These estimations did not bias the associations with leisure-time physical activity (Supplementary material I).
At the age 17 years, the twins themselves reported their current student status, which was used as a measure of academic performance at that stage of their lives. The responses for this item in our survey were classified into three groups: (1) not studying currently, (2) in vocational school, (3) in academically oriented upper secondary school. The self-reported highest educational degree achieved at the age of 24 years was the measure of academic performance in young adulthood. For those twins who had not completed their education, we treated their ongoing studies as the final level of education. Educational attainment was classified into four groups: (1) compulsory education only, (2) vocational secondary education, (3) upper secondary education, (4) tertiary education (university or polytechnic college).
Within-pair differences
Twin data allow us to determine whether environmental or genetic factors shared by co-twins explain the association between leisure-time physical activity and academic performance. This was achieved by creating new variables for within-pair differences in leisure-time physical activity and academic performance at all four survey waves (Supplementary material II). The variables were constructed by subtracting the observations from one co-twin from the observations of the other co-twin to obtain a single value representing the difference between co-twins in their physical activity and academic performance traits. Higher values represent a greater difference between co-twins whereas zero means that there is no difference between co-twins.
Covariates
The cross-lagged path analyses were adjusted for sex. In additional analyses to diminish potential confounding by familial factors, we adjusted the results for parents’ educational level and parents’ leisure-time physical activity behaviour reported separately by the mother and father. Parental education was measured at baseline when the twins were 12 years. We used the educational level of the more highly educated parent classified into four categories similar to those used in assessing the twins. Parents’ self-reported physical activity was assessed as the frequency of leisure-time physical activity similar to the physical activity assessment in twins. The structured question used for parents was: “How many times a month do you exercise”? The options for the response were (1) less than once a month, (2) 1–2 times a month, (3) 3–5 times a month, (4) 6–10 times a month, (5) 11–20 times a month, (6) over 20 times a month.
Because cognitive ability may explain a part of the association between physical activity and academic performance, we wanted to determine whether this would apply to our data (Supplementary material III). We had data on the participants’ general cognitive ability, also known as general intelligence from the fourth study wave at age 24 years based on the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale III test34. The scale provided scores for verbal and performance intelligence, which were used to derive our measure of general cognitive ability.
Statistical methods
We started the analyses by calculating correlations between leisure-time physical activity and academic performance by using Mplus statistical software package, version 5.235. We used polychoric correlations to estimate the associations between two theorized normally distributed continuous latent variables from two observed ordinal variables. Polychoric correlations were also used for the variables that represented within-pair differences in leisure-time physical activity and academic performance (Supplementary material II, Supplement Table 1).
Twins were analyzed as individuals in our main analyses, and because it is likely that the observations between co-twins of a twin pair will be correlated, twin clustering was controlled for by adjusting the standard errors for the clustering of observations obtained in twin pairs using the type = complex specification and the cluster option implemented in Mplus35. This option uses the pseudomaximum likelihood method in which the asymptomatic covariance matrix of the estimates is obtained by a robust sandwich estimator36. A bivariate cross-lagged path model was fitted for leisure-time physical activity and academic performance across the four study waves. The cross-lagged path model was used to estimate the structural relations of repeatedly measured variables. The auto-regressive part of the model indicates the temporal stability of the variables from one occasion to the next (also additional auto-regressive paths on variables at waves 3 and 4 from the equivalent measures two waves earlier were used to improve the model fit) while cross-lagged paths are used to assess reciprocal relationships between the variables at consecutive time points, i.e. leisure-time physical activity and academic performance during the follow-up. The cross-lagged path model can incorporate covariates and, thus, we fitted the model both with and without covariates. Residual correlations at each study wave were also modeled. Residual correlations between leisure-time physical activity and academic performance denote cross-sectional correlations between these two traits not explained by the cross-lagged associations. The full cross-lagged path model is shown in Fig. 3.
We used weighted least squares estimation for ordinal variables in Mplus35. This estimator allows missing data as a function of the observed covariates. Data are assumed to be missing at random with respect to the outcome variables, but missingness was allowed to be dependent on the covariates. Without any covariates, the model is similar to a pairwise analysis in which all available data are used to estimate pairwise associations. The weighted least squares estimation has been shown to be consistent and more efficient than the estimators based on a listwise deletion, especially when the amount of missing data is not substantial37.
In addition to individual-based analyses, a bivariate cross-lagged path model was also fitted for within- pair differences in leisure-time physical activity and academic performance across the four study waves (Supplement Fig. 1). Twin clustering was not controlled, nor were covariates used since the creation of the within-pair variables takes these adjustments into account.
Several statistical tests were used to determine how well the model fits our data. Chi-square tests of model fit were computed to indicate the difference between observed and expected covariance matrices. The non-independence of observations due to cluster sampling was taken into account. Chi-square tests values closer to zero indicate a better fit, i.e. a smaller difference between expected and observed covariance matrices. Another indicator of model fit was the comparative fit index (CFI), which has a scale of 0 to 1; values greater than 0.9 are generally indicative of an acceptable model fit38. Finally, the root mean square error of approximation (RMSEA) ranging also from 0 to 1 was used; values below 0.5 are taken to indicate that the model is plausible.
We used Stata 13.0 (StataCorp, College Station, Texas) to examine to what extent cognitive ability would explain the association between leisure-time physical activity and educational attainment. A linear regression analysis was used to study the associations between leisure-time physical activity, educational attainment and cognitive ability. Stata’s cluster option was applied to take account of possible within-pair correlations.
Ethics of the study
The ethics committee of the Department of Public Health of the University of Helsinki (Helsinki, Finland), the ethics committee of the Helsinki University Central Hospital District (Helsinki, Finland) and the Institutional Review Board of Indiana University (Bloomington, Indiana, USA) approved the FT12 study protocol. All study methods were carried out in accordance with the approved guidelines. The parents of the participating twins or twins themselves as young adults provided written informed consent for participation in the study.
Data Availability
Due to the consent given by study participants and the ease of identifying twins, data cannot be made publicly available. Data are available through the Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM) Data Access Committee (DAC) for authorized researchers who have IRB/ethics approval and an institutionally approved study plan. For more details, please contact the FIMM DAC (fimm-dac@helsinki.fi).
Additional Information
How to cite this article: Aaltonen, S. et al. Leisure-Time Physical Activity and Academic Performance: Cross-Lagged Associations from Adolescence to Young Adulthood. Sci. Rep. 6, 39215; doi: 10.1038/srep39215 (2016).
Publisher's note: Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
References
Booth, F. W., Roberts, C. K. & Laye, M. J. Lack of exercise is a major cause of chronic diseases. Compr Physiol. 2, 1143–1211 (2012).
Reiner, M., Niermann, C., Jekauc, D. & Woll, A. Long-term health benefits of physical activity – a systematic review of longitudinal studies. BMC Public Health. 13, 813 (2013).
Biddle, S. J. & Asare, M. Physical activity and mental health in children and adolescents: a review of reviews. Br J Sports Med. 45, 886–895 (2011).
Khan, N. A. & Hillman, C. H. The relation of childhood physical activity and aerobic fitness to brain function and cognition: a review. Pediatr Exerc Sci. 26, 138–146 (2014).
Mura, G., Vellante, M., Nardi, A. E., Machado, S. & Carta, M. G. Effects of school-based physical activity interventions on cognition and academic achievement: a systematic review. CNS Neurol Disord Drug Targets. 14, 1194–1208 (2015).
Demirakca, T. et al. Does body shaping influence brain shape? Habitual physical activity is linked to brain morphology independent of age. World J Biol Psychiatry. 15, 387–396 (2014).
Thomas, A. G., Dennis, A., Bandettini, P. A. & Johansen-Berg, H. The effects of aerobic activity on brain structure. Front Psychol. 3, 86 (2012).
Chaddock, L. et al. A neuroimaging investigation of the association between aerobic fitness, hippocampal volume, and memory performance in preadolescent children. Brain Res. 1358, 172–183 (2010).
Rasberry, C. N. et al. The association between school-based physical activity, including physical education, and academic performance: a systematic review of the literature. Prev Med. 52 Suppl 1, 10–20 (2011).
Singh, A., Uijtdewilligen, L., Twisk, J. W., van Mechelen, W. & Chinapaw, M. J. Physical activity and performance at school: a systematic review of the literature including a methodological quality assessment. Arch Pediatr Adolesc Med. 166, 49–55 (2012).
Lees, C. & Hopkins, J. Effect of aerobic exercise on cognition, academic achievement, and psychosocial function in children: a systematic review of randomized control trials. Prev Chronic Dis. 10, E174 (2013)., 10.1371/journal.pone.0103559 (2014).
Van Dijk, M. L., De Groot, R. H., Savelberg, H. H., Van Acker, F. & Kirschner, P. A. The association between objectively measured physical activity and academic achievement in Dutch adolescents: findings from the GOALS study. J Sport Exerc Psychol. 36, 460–473 (2014).
Esteban-Cornejo, I. et al. Objectively measured physical activity has a negative but weak association with academic performance in children and adolescents. Acta Paediatr. 103, e501–506, 10.1111/apa.12757 (2014).
Gottfredson, L. S. & Deary, I. J. Intelligence predicts health and longevity, but why? Curr Dir Psychol Sci. 13, 1–4 (2004).
Batty, G. D., Deary, I. J., Schoon, I. & Gale, C. R. Childhood mental ability in relation to food intake and physical activity in adulthood: the 1970 British Cohort Study. Pediatrics. 119, e38–45 (2007).
Belsky, D. W., Caspi, A., Israel, S., Blumenthal, J. A., Poulton, R. & Moffitt, T. E. Cardiorespiratory fitness and cognitive function in midlife: neuroprotection or neuroselection? Ann Neurol. 77, 607–617 (2015).
Rogosa, D. A critique of cross-lagged correlation. Psychological Bulletin. 88, 245–258 (1980).
Aggio, D., Smith, L., Fisher, A. & Hamer, M. Aggio et al. Respond to “Lessons for research on cognitive aging”. Am J Epidemiol. 183, 1086–7 (2016).
Belsky, D. W. Invited Commentary: Lessons for research on cognitive aging from a study of children. Am J Epidemiol. 183, 1083–5 (2016).
Reinikainen, P. Amazing PISA results in Finnish comprehensive schools In The miracle of education: the principles and practices of teaching and learning in Finnish schools (eds Niemi, H., Toom, A. & Kallioniemi, A. ) 3–18. (Sense Publishers, 2012).
Green, M. & Collins, S. Policy, Politics and path dependency: Sport development in Australia and Finland. Sport Management Review. 11, 225–251 (2008).
Van Tuyckoma, C. & Scheerderb, J. Sport for all? Insight into stratification and compensation mechanisms of sporting activity in the 27 European Union member states. Sport Educ Soc, 15, 495–512 (2010).
Helmerhorst, H. J., Brage, S., Warren, J., Besson, H. & Ekelund, U. A systematic review of reliability and objective criterion-related validity of physical activity questionnaires. Int J Behav Nutr Phys Act. 9, 103 (2012).
Waller, K., Kaprio, J. & Kujala, U. M. Associations between long-term physical activity, waist circumference and weight gain: a 30-year longitudinal twin study. Int J Obes (Lond). 32, 353–361 (2008).
Kaprio, J., Sarna, S., Koskenvuo, M. & Rantasalo, I. The Finnish twin registry: formation and compilation, questionnaire study, zygosity determination procedures, and research program. Prog Clin Biol Res. 24, 179–184 (1978).
Sarna, S., Kaprio, J., Sistonen, P. & Koskenvuo, M. Diagnosis of twin zygosity by mailed questionnaire. Hum Hered. 28, 241–254 (1978).
Kujala, U. M., Kaprio, J., Sarna, S. & Koskenvuo, M. Relationship of leisure-time physical activity and mortality: the Finnish twin cohort. JAMA. 279, 440–444 (1998).
Kaprio, J. The Finnish twin cohort study: an update. Twin Res Hum Genet. 16, 57–62 (2013).
Kaprio, J., Pulkkinen, L. & Rose, R. J. Genetic and environmental factors in health-related behaviours: studies on Finnish twins and twin families. Twin Res. 5, 366–371 (2002).
Kaprio, J. Twin studies in Finland 2006. Twin Res Hum Genet. 9, 772–777 (2006).
Leskinen, T. et al. Effects of 32-year leisure time physical activity discordance in twin pairs on health (TWINACTIVE study): aims, design and results for physical fitness. Twin Res Hum Genet. 12, 108–117 (2009).
Latvala, A. et al. Drinking, smoking, and educational achievement: cross-lagged associations from adolescence to adulthood. Drug Alcohol Depend. 137, 106–13 (2014).
Wechsler, D. The Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale (WAIS-III). Administration and scoring manual. 3rd ed. (The Psychological Corporation, 1997).
Muthén, L. K. & Muthén, B. O. Mplus user’s guide. 5th ed. (Muthén & Muthén, 2007).
Asparouhov, T. Sampling weights in latent variable modeling. Structual Equating Model. 12, 411–434 (2005).
Asparouhov, T. & Muthén, B. Weighted least squares estimation with missing data. (2016).
Kline, R. B. Principles and practice of Structural Equation Modeling. 3rd ed. (The Guilford Press, 2011).
Acknowledgements
The research work has been supported by the Academy of Finland (grant 266592 to S.A. and K.S., grants 100499, 205585, 141054, 265240, 263278 and 264146 to J.K., and grant 277209 to A.L.), the Finnish Ministry of Education and Culture (to U.M.K., S.A. and K.S.), the Juho Vainio Foundation (to U.M.K., S.A. and K.S.), and the Finnish Cultural Foundation (to S.A.). Data collection of the FinnTwin12 study has also been supported by the U.S. National Institute of Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (grants AA-12502, AA-00145, and AA-09203 to R.J
Aaltonen, S., Latvala, A., Rose, R. et al. Leisure-Time Physical Activity and Academic Performance: Cross-Lagged Associations from Adolescence to Young Adulthood. Sci Rep 6, 39215 (2016).
Received:
Accepted:
Published:
DOI:
Further reading
Considering sex/gender in interventions to promote children’s and adolescents’ leisure-time physical activity: a systematic review and meta-analysis
Journal of Public Health (2021)
Physical activity and health-related quality of life among schoolchildren from disadvantaged neighbourhoods in Port Elizabeth, South Africa
Quality of Life Research (2018)
By submitting a comment you agree to abide by our Terms and Community Guidelines. If you find something abusive or that does not comply with our terms or guidelines please flag it as inappropriate.You may add your prayer request to our prayer wall using the form below. Once your prayer request is received, we will share it according to your instructions. Feel free to submit as many prayer requests as you like!
Reannan
For my dad who has had a stroke and will have surgery.
For his health and for his salvation.
Received: October 8, 2021
Anonymous
Please, can you pray for the salvation of my family.
-my scholarship for the next trimester.
- please, also pray for my future husband.
Received: September 21, 2021
Trac
Please pray for a favourable result in family court this week, that my grandson is able to remain in my care and away from a harmful life.
Received: September 13, 2021
Anonymous
Pray for Peter Matthews heading & recover from a stroke 2 weeks ago and is recovery in rehab. Wife unable to visit.
Received: September 3, 2021
Braydon
can you please pray that I can get through the other half of my final uni semester. I am finding it a bit of a challenge lately
Received: September 2, 2021
Anonymous
Please pray for my husband salvation, that he be willing to listen the word of GOD
Received: August 30, 2021
Anonymous
I would like some prayer to be able to hand over some difficult issues over to God.
Received: August 24, 2021
Jess
Yuuma, Momo and Yuuma's mum.
Yuuma has cancer and needs palliative care. His single parent mum can't stop working to look after him. Momo is a student who has taken on the general care of Yuuma. Momo is a student of a dear friend who teaches English in Austria she has requested prayer support. Yuuma's hair started growing in the last few days.Globalization and security
Published
2009 by Praeger Security International in Santa Barbara, Calif .
Written in English
Edition Notes
Includes bibliographical references and indexes.. This clear and concise book examines the crucial relationship between globalization and social movements. Deftly combining nuanced theory with rich empirical examples, leading scholar Valentine M. Moghadam focuses especially on three transnational social movements-Islamism, feminism, and global justice/5..
The burning glass.
Video Place catalogue.
Physical culture
Heidegger and happiness
Problem solving and chemical calculations
Transforming schools
Board of Managers, National Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers.
Master-at-arms in the Navy.
Drug-crime connections
Pause & effect
Doanh nghiệp & doanh nhân Việt Nam =
attitudes des mineurs du Centre-Midi et levolution de lemploi.
Co-operative development in Uttar Pradesh, 1949.
The best of Walter M. Miller, Jr Format: Paperback.
Globalization and Security: An Encyclopedia addresses the need for an authoritative, but accessible analysis of the impact of globalization on security and its multifaceted aspects. Broad in scope, this two-volume set covers the economic and political aspects of globalization, as well as its social and cultural : Hardcover.
Globalization and Human: Globalization, Development and Human Security by McGrew & Poku turn the conventional wisdom of globalization as an inter-connecting force on its' head by arguing that globalization, development and human security itself are means of continuing inequality rather than becoming the liberating force that many advocates had championed it as, because they are caught in 3/5(1).
Books shelved as global-security: The Quest: Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World by Daniel Yergin, The ISIS Apocalypse: The History, S. the same time, writings on globalization and in/security deem the Middle East to be fully integrated into the rest of the world via arms sales, financial Author: Pinar Bilgin.
the ultimate reference for global privacy and security law This book analyzes the privacy and data Globalization and security book laws, usages, and trends of 68 countries on all continents. W ith the globalization of the economy, businesses are reaching greater, broader, and more diverse markets in foreign countries in order to increase their revenues.
Globalization’s Security Implications RAND issue papers explore topics of interest to the policymaking community. Although issue papers are formally reviewed, authors have substantial latitude to express provocative views without doing full justice to other Size: KB.
EFFECT. environmental change in the.
The author shows that the globalization of production Globalization and security book led to a series of shifts in the global security environment.
It has a differential effect on security relations, in part because it does not encompass all countries and industries to the same, Difference, and Human Security seeks to advance critical human security studies by re-framing the concept of human security in terms of the thematic of difference.
Drawing together a wide range of contributors, the volume is framed, among others, around the following key questions:Cited by: 7. Globalization affects in two major ways issues of security in one way it diminishes their threat (positive way) and in the other it increases them (negative way).
There are a whole range of security threats from the more traditional, such as interstate and. Cited by: Globalization, Power, and Security SEAN KAY* Ohio Wesleyan University, Delaware, OH, USA This article surveys major international relations theory as a frame-work for thinking about globalization; examines the modern role of power within a globalized international system; and illustrates these dynamics within the context of international terrorism.
Globalization--the international integration of markets for goods, services, and capital--raises serious issues for U.S. national interests because of its effect on technological leadership and economic strength.
The underlying concern is that economic globalization will erode America's strength, as jobs.. Mary Kaldor is Professor of Global Governance and Director of the Civil Society and Human Security Research Unit at the London School of Economics.
She is the author of many books, including New & Old Wars: Organized Violence in a Global Era () and The Ultimate Weapon is No Weapon: Human Security and the Changing Rules of War and Peace ().)..
The African Union: Challenges of Globalization, Security, and Governance - Samuel M. Makinda, F. Wafula Okumu - Google Books A comprehensive examination of the work of 5/5(1)..
Search the world's most comprehensive index of full-text books. My library. One of the fundamental implications of globalization in a post-cold war environment is a shift in security policy from deterrence to reassurance, from.
Globalization and global change have amplified traditional food security concerns such as chronic malnutrition but have also given rise to new forms of challenges from biotechnology, bioterrorism, and emerging infectious diseases. Book Description. Globalization, Difference, and Human Security seeks to advance critical human security studies by re-framing the concept of human security in terms of the thematic of difference.
Drawing together a wide range of contributors, the volume is framed, among others, around the following key questions. .
Globalization largely refers to the movement toward an integrated global economy, marked by the free exchange of goods and capital. In popular discourse, Globalization is often related to the Internet revolution, the neo-liberal or free-market economies and the predominantly western political, economic and cultural style.
Globalization, American Power, and International Security Article in Political Science Quarterly (3) September with Reads How we measure 'reads'. Globalization: Debunking the Mythsdemystifies the rhetoric surrounding one of the most hotly debated topics among scholars, commentators, and policymakers.
Presenting arguments for and against globalization, this text examines a wide range of views on the economic, political, cultural, and environmental dimensions of globalization and exposes their underlying.
PDF | On Jan 1,Teresa Rodrigues and others published Globalization and International Security. An Overview | Find, read and cite all the research you need on ResearchGate.
Understanding the multifaceted characteristics of globalization is funda-mental to understanding the nature of contemporary wars. In the same way, the definition of a concept of security must be clearly informed by the context in which such security is to be pursued, as well as the factors unleashing and sustaining armed conflicts.
 5/5(1). Examining global and regional trends in how states have pursued security since the end of the Cold War, Ripsman and Paul find less change than might be expected.
The wealth generated by globalization has led some states to increase defense spending, and the security policies of major states are still responsive to realist-style security challenges. .
to the impact of globalization on employment, WCII and poverty in DCs, while the concluding Section 6 will summarize the main findings and suggest some policy implications.
Definition and methodology “Globalization” is currently a popular and controversial issue, though often remaining a loose and poorly-defined concept..Mr.
Friedman spoke about how increasing globalization of markets might impact national security concerns. He said that the Internet and information technology had transformed traditional notions.before about Turning from the newspaper to the internet, “globalization” b rings up m links through the use of the Google search engine, and typing in “anti -globalization” brings up 80, links.
Type in globalization and inequality and there are almostreferences,references to.First Aid Training New Orleans
Bldg 3 suite 325 Elmwood LA. We are always adding new dates and courses so bookmark this page if you dont see a course listed in your region or consider.
Pin By Gsnwgl Girl Scouts Of The Nort On Audrey Red Cross American Red Cross Red Cross Logo
Minimum fee for an instructor to appear at least 8 students or minimum fee.
First aid training new orleans. Save time and reduce costs with products and services that help you manage your compliance and safety programs. Ad Find a Better Price - Well Beat It Guaranteed. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business.
In addition to offering first aid training in New Orleans the Red Cross also delivers a wide range of online in-person and blended Simulation Learning courses that can help you meet your personal and professional goals. Call now for a Free quote 504 539-4050. We offer training for a range of scenarios such as workplace safety driver improvement first aidCPR and home and community safety.
First Aid Safety Supplies. Sos Technologies is located at NEW ORLEANS in Central Business District - NEW ORLEANS LA - Orleans County and is a business listed in the categories First Aid Training Schools First Aid Safety Instruction and First Aid Safety Instruction. RC Health Services is a nationwide American Heart Association Training Center with locations currently in 12 states one of which is Louisiana.
Join millions of learners from around the world already learning on Udemy. The courses we provide can ensure that you have the skills and knowledge. AED USA offers comprehensive training in emergency care including basic First Aid CPR Automated External Defibrillator.
Same Day Shipping 4 Locations. Ad Learn First Aid online at your own pace. First Aid Training in New Orleans LA.
Start today and improve your skills. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. Louisiana New Orleans Training Center Location.
Dont settle for lesser Heart Saver CPR Classes that some other companies sellMost employers want a BLS For Healthcare. Ad Learn First Aid online at your own pace. NAMI New Orleans offers Mental Health First Aid courses to assist young people and adults experiencing mental health problems or crises.
Per employee for basic ASHI CPR AED training course focus on CPR 2-hour course. CPR Health Specialists of the South offers certification in CPR First Aid BLS Bloodborne Pathogens. The Metropolitan Safety Council is a not-for-profit dedicated to educating the public on proper safety procedures through our courses.
Get Your Group First Aid. New Orleans CPR Classes and First Aid Training from an America Heart Association Certified Training Center. Get Your Cards the Same Day As Class.
After you do business with SOS TECHNOLOGIES please leave a review to help other people and improve. SuperPages SM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Get your CPR training certification in New Orleans.
Minimum fee for. Group First Aid CPR AED Training new orleans la Register Online Below or Call. Same Day Shipping 4 Locations.
Check our newest class schedule. Per employee for an ASHI First Aid CPR AED training course includes response strategies for most emergencies 4-hour course. Located in Metairie just outside of New Orleans.
There will be two hours of self-paced training modules that you will complete before receiving 525 hours of instructor-led training via Zoom. Classes fill up fast Book Now. We are fortunate enough to operate in the great city of New Orleans known to be vibrant and.
Same day certification cards issued immediately after class. We offer the Best Deal on a CPR Certification First Aid in New Orleans. From CPR and AED use and more our local experts will be here for you when youre ready.
Start today and improve your skills. Ad Find a Better Price - Well Beat It Guaranteed. We are using a virtual blended format.
Our students who choose the combination training get a Real American Heart Associsation BLS Healthcare Provider Card and a Heartsaver First Aid Card. Join millions of learners from around the world already learning on Udemy.
Nols Wilderness First Aid Course
Mental Health First Aid Training Nami New Orleans
Cpr Infant First Aid First Aid Procedures First Aid Tips First Aid
Lifesaving Society Standard First Aid
National Capital First Aid Cpr First Aid Courses Ottawa
Cpr First Aid Actor Director Of Cpr Video Share Personal Connections To Heart Health Cpr Video How To Perform Cpr How To Do Cpr
Pin On Creative Icons Design Graphics
Preparing A First Aid Kit First Aid First Aid Kit Diy First Aid Kit
St John Ambulance First Aid Poster Whatever Your Skills There S Always A Role For You In St John Ambulance First Aid Poster Health Care Assistant First Aid
British Ww1 Medics Bag With Shoulder Strap Shoulder Strap Bags Strap
Cpr Aed And First Aid Instructor Training Courses Certification
Why Wilderness First Aid Classes Are Essential And Where To Find Them Best First Aid Kit First Aid Classes First Aid Kit
Pro Three First Aid First Aid For Kids First Aid Classes First Aid
Ottawa First Aid Cpr Aed Training Canadian Red Cross Partner
0 Response to "First Aid Training New Orleans"The foundation of every website is its on page SEO. To make sure you create a perfectly optimized website in 2021, we created a comprehensive On Page SEO checklist.
How does On Page SEO work?
SEO on page focuses on optimizing your website’s content to improve its organic rankings. Optimizing a page on page encompasses both the content and the HTML source code. This is entirely different from off-page SEO, which consists of links and external signals that do not occur on your website.
In 2021, on page SEO is as important as it has always been. In spite of the fact that so many aspects of SEO are not fully in your hands (or which take months or years to take effect), you do have complete control over on page SEO and can influence it quickly.
Without further ado, let us get started.
Make sure your URLs are SEO friendly:
You should keep your URLs short and keyword-rich, using only a targeted keyword at the beginning of the URL whenever possible. Short URLs tend to rank better in search results than long ones. For example, newmanwebsolutions.com/atlanta-seo is more SEO friendly than newmanwebsolutions.com/the-number-one-atlanta-seo-company
Start Your Title Tag With Your Keyword:
On-page ranking factors like the title tag are extremely important, especially when it comes to placing your targeted keyword. It is believed that the closer the keyword is to the beginning of the title, the more weight it has with search engines. To prevent your title from being truncated in search results, keep your targeted keyword as close to the beginning of your title as possible. Limit your title to between 50 and 60 characters.
Your Title Should Include Modifiers:
When you include descriptive modifiers such as “2021”, “best”, “easy”, “checklist”, “fast” and “review”, you will rank higher for longtail keywords. Some popular terms used on the web include “the current year”, “the best”, and “updated.” Using these modifiers can also increase your click-through rate (CTR). Our checklist will cover optimizing for click-through rates later on.
Put Your Page Title In Your H1 Tag:
The top attribute on your page can be the same as your page title. There is no limit to how many H1 tags can be on a page, according to Google. Although we still recommend only using the H1 tag once per page, it is important to keep in mind that it is used for helping Google see the structure of your page. Make sure your H1 also contains your target keyword.
For Subheadings, use the H2 tag:
Your H2 tags should be used for subheadings, and at least one of the subheadings should contain your target keyword. Try to include latent semantic index (LSI) keywords into your subheadings as well. It is easy to read pages with subheadings, as they break up content. H2 tags can be used multiple times per page.
On every page, include images:
Media content, such as image and video content, can enhance your user interaction ranking by decreasing bounce rate and increasing time on your site. The use of images is beneficial for breaking up content and for utilizing your targeted keywords as part of your image’s alt tag. It is important to optimize the image file name, which is frequently overlooked. Also, make sure that your image file name includes a brief description.
Include Your Keyword Within the First Hundred Words of Your Content:
When writing about a topic of your choice, this usually occurs naturally. People sometimes, however (especially when blogging), write a long introduction and use the keyword only later in their content. This is a bad practice to continue.
Make use of outbound links:
Links from your site to other related websites demonstrate to Google that your website is a quality information source. It is beneficial to link to quality websites from your own website, as this could help your ranking and Google understand your website’s content better.
Link to internal pages:
Adding two or three internal links to your new content is a good idea. Developing internal links can be extremely beneficial to a site because it enables search engines to understand, index, and find all of the pages on the site. Internal linking to relevant pages can provide page authority to them when used strategically. An SEO Best Practice calls for anchor text that contains keywords, which informs users and Google what the corresponding page is about.
Long-form Content Writing:
Make sure your articles and blog posts contain over 1,100 words. The length of service pages should be at least 800 words. The longer the content, the better your chances of ranking for your target keyword, and it will also allow for more longtail traffic. An added benefit is that longer content tends to attract more backlinks and rank higher in organic search.
Meta descriptions should be optimized:
Meta descriptions should be unique, contain the keyword or keyword phrase you wish to target, and be between 150-155 characters in length. Moreover, if your meta description contains the exact keyword, it will be bold in search results. This is another way to help you improve your clickthrough rates. Think of it as a small advertisement.
Share buttons for social media:
Although social media has no direct impact on search algorithmic weighting, social media is useful when it comes to attracting more viewers to your content. The service boosts brand awareness and is a great way to connect with your target audience. In addition, posting content on social media increases your chances of acquiring backlinks, since more people will see and share your content.
Search Console Submission:
Make use of Search Console’s “URL Inspection tool”. The inspector checks your newly published URL to determine if it can be indexed at the time of submission. It will ask you to request indexing if it can. The GoogleBot will then crawl through the content of your website and index it. Additionally, you can use this tool to perform updates or other changes to your content.
Make Sure Your Website Can Be Indexed:
I have seen people unintentionally prohibit search engines from finding content on their websites with no-index tags. Since search engine bots are unable to crawl non-indexed pages, they will never appear in search results.
Make Your Website Secure (HTTPS):
The HTTPS protocol encrypts data transferred between a server and a browser. It was announced in 2014 that Google would use HTTPS as a ranking signal. The relationship between HTTPS and higher rankings has been confirmed by multiple studies.
The average time spent on the website should be increased:
When users spend more time on your website, search engines can tell that you have matched their search intent to your content. As a result, those search terms rank higher. Write long, engaging content, use images, and videos (as previously mentioned) to keep your visitors on your page for longer.
Mobile Friendly testing and optimization:
The speed of a website is noted by Google as an official ranking factor since 2010. A few years ago (in 2018), Google announced they would start using mobile-friendly speed metrics and move to mobile-first indexing. In effect, this means that Google will index and rank your content based on the mobile version and not the desktop version. Your website must be able to load quickly in order to be effective. Fortunately, Google provides an easy-to-use tool for determining your mobile page speed and ways to improve it if necessary.
Google’s Mobile-Friendly Testing Tool can be used to find errors in a website or an individual URL so that they can be prioritized for correction.
Fix broken links:
Google appears to drop web pages in search results if a page has broken links linking to external resources, according to data compiled by Ahrefs. Keep an eye out for broken links on your website and either remove or replace them.
Optimize for click-through rate:
The importance of optimizing for CTR is growing. WordStream conducted a study that determined that if you achieve a higher CTR than expected, you are more likely to rank higher, and if you do not attain the higher CTR, you are less likely to rank high. Enhancing your page title with modifiers and incorporating keyword-rich meta descriptions into your meta description are two of the most effective ways to improve your CTR as mentioned above.
Avoid keyword cannibalization:
Keyword cannibalization occurs when website pages are optimized with the same keyword. Search engines have difficulty providing the best results for a given search query because they will not be able to determine the best result. You can easily identify your website’s keyword cannibalization using a quick and easy method.
Consider merging content from competing pages and redirecting it to the asset that holds the most authority if this is an issue for your website.
Correct spelling and grammatical errors:
Readers may find it difficult to understand the content on a website if it contains typographical or grammatical errors. The same applies to search engines like Google and Bing. Your search results will suffer if they spot spelling and grammar errors in your content.
Using Unique Images:
Make sure your website has unique images whenever possible. What is the reason? You will achieve a higher ranking for your website if you use unique images on your website. If you have too many stock images on your site, take your own photos.
Optimize your website for voice search:
Voice search is on the rise. For voice search optimization, it’s important to provide concise answers (25 to 30 words or fewer) to questions relating to your keyword topic. Adding a FAQ section to your website is an easy way to achieve this.
Make use of Schema Markup
You will be able to be included in Rich Snippets (when appropriate) by using schema markup upon your web pages. Structured markup has been shown to increase CTR by up to 30 percent. Schemas for reviews and FAQs are the two best for obtaining Rich Snippets.
Fix Google Search Console Crawl Errors
It is crucial to find and fix crawl errors. A crawl error means that Google cannot read or see the content of your page. Google may not index or rank your page if it is unable to view it. The Google Search Console makes it easy to identify crawl errors. You can now see all URLs with errors and fix them by clicking on “coverage” on the left-hand side, after logging in.
Tags in the Open Graph
On social networks like Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter, the Open Graph protocol controls what and how information is displayed. It is important to add open graph tags to your content in order to make it look better so that it will be clicked, liked, and shared more. The more people that see your content, the greater the opportunity to earn backlinks, and backlinks certainly increase search results.
Size Images Properly
If your images aren’t the right size, resize them. The result will be a faster loading page, which directly impacts search results. Using Google’s Lighthouse tool, you can find images with large dimensions. You can utilize this tool to determine if any images on your page are too large and affect your page’s loading speed. It is then necessary to prioritize and properly resize them.
Track and reclaim lost links
The problem with backlinks is that they disappear constantly. Losing links to high-value assets can negatively impact search results for that page’s keywords. It is therefore imperative that you keep an eye on a website’s overall backlink profile and the backlinks pointing to its high-value pages. SEO tools such as Ahrefs make it easy to do this.
Keep Your Content “Fresh”
Updated and accurate content has been rewarded with higher search results during Google’s last few algorithm updates. We recommend reviewing your content every six months. Find a resource that could be improved, and then improve it.
Avoid Intrusive Interstitials
Google will penalize web pages with intrusive interstitials in search results, particularly on mobile devices. You may ask, “What exactly are intrusive interstitials?” They are pop-up advertising messages that cover the main content of a webpage, either immediately after a user lands on the page or shortly thereafter. Pop-up ads are a good example of this. The exception to this rule can be found in cookie policies and age verification.
Congratulations, you’ve reached the end!
The checklist covered a lot of ground, and I hope that you found it useful. What is your first step toward implementing today’s on-page SEO checklist? Perhaps it was the unique images? Changing your title or adding modifiers? Let me know what you think in the comments!
What is the biggest challenge your business faces when it comes to on-page SEO? Our Atlanta SEO marketing agency recommends installing Squirrly SEO plugin to help guide you in optimizing your website. Let us know if you need assistance. Our clients benefit from our on-page SEO services among other WordPress SEO services. Get your SEO analysis now!
Sorry, the comment form is closed at this time.At the the same time, the Chinese star of the wedding is flawlessly capable of combine issues, which implies that her lovely overall look is realized with nominal price. This article will assist you to get a reasonably Far east girl and simply one that will probably be in the future a fantastic mother and an exemplary wife. To find the right particular person, of course , you must always be as conscious as possible considering the characteristics in the character and tradition of the nation from which your selected one comes. If you have already been on no less than one date with a sweetheart who originates from China, you observed they may have their sights and earn their minds just isn’t easy and it is normally value it. But if occur to be new to such things that all much of in this article should be helpful to you, so we advise you to read rigorously anything that writes within. Chinese ladies for matrimony meet and marry international males on a regular basis.
- The high activity and response rate on OrchidRomance courting web page are quite increased.
- Chinese young girls try to reside in harmony using their our bodies, reverence them, and observe a healthy way of life.
- Oliver isn’t simply a creator who happens to know a lot about across the internet relationship.
- A romance tour just isn’t low-cost enjoyment, nevertheless it connects lovers higher than other way of conversation.
Classic girl is normally considered as a non-conflict sort of a girl. She will abide by your lead and belief your opinion in varied problems. She will be your smartest choice if you would like an obedient partner.
What You Need To Know Regarding Chinese Postal mail Order Partner Before Obtaining
An capability to captivate Offshore birdes-to-be in discussions is a helpful talent. Find out, inform about your self, and attempt to discover something both you and your fairly interlocutor own in recurrent. To take the communication one stage further, ensure to work with video shows. This convenient however efficient device will make you nearer as discussing and finding one another is definitely nothing like sending messages. SingleAsianGirls is an efficient online dating platform that links singles coming from completely different regions of the world with beautiful Asian ladies. One-night stands are not regular in China — the women out of this nation favor critical human relationships, so displaying your vital attentions definitely will add you some elements.
If you’re really fond of Cookware tradition, a particularly Chinese one, this platform allows you to. And last but not least is a particular present from your website programmers. They cared about if the platform is easy in use. It is usually nice to interrupt stereotypes and present another ways of achieving the objective. People reduce the anchor rope and set off on a long-time journey to get a completely new life and get amazed. It is the one which guarantees to convey about a myriad of emotions and straightforward happiness. This departure from traditional behavior symptoms an excellent uncovering.
what China Mail Purchase Wife need
The Japanese-American Passport Agreement of 1907 allowed Japan to grant given to the wives or girlfriends of foreign nationals to America. YourBrideGlobal. com can be an online evaluation platform that helps men choose the best internet dating website. We present top quality feedback of over a hundred across the internet dating services.
Our work is to source those that are recorded the lookout for beautiful females for matrimony with quality relationship web sites reviews. We certainly have a powerful experience in comprehensive choice of simply high sites with a appreciable amount of elite brides. As you might have seen via expertise, it isn’t an easy task to look for an Asian wife, especially a Chinese girl to get matrimony.
What So many people are Expressing About Chinese Snail mail Order Better half – ChineseMailOrderBrides. net And What You Should Do
Following discovering an attractive girl, AsianFeels provides various communication instruments. You may write text message messages, send out pictures, and addContent movies. To understand one another higher, you additionally could cruise ship audio messages and make video calls. Revealing feelings while relationship a Offshore bride on the internet is necessary. With special businesses, you presumably can mail actual positions to the specific you desire. They convey flowers, chocolate, attractive toys, jewellery, perfumes, and smartphones.
The Chinese be familiar with banquet as the most essential ritual with respect to his or her future existence to be proud. In the places of the West, it’s largely concerning the parents, not the newlyweds. What more should you learn about Chinese girls for matrimony? They are care, considerate, hardworking, and impressive. They have a respectful viewpoint to men no matter how old a man is normally. A lot of men find the impression that Chinese postal mail order wedding brides are very crucial and arranged however when you’re able to know these people higher, you are likely to change your thoughts. Asian ladies are friendly, chatty, loving and really warm.Search Hanover.com Search Go Display search count Filter by audience Businesses (66) Agents (23) Individuals  (112) (-) Article (91) Infographic (12) Video (8) Articulate (1) 91 results found Know your motor carrier Article Preventing burns and scalding injuries from water systems Article Product liability defenses Article Introduction to product liability law Article Product safety standards Pre-employment screening: background checks Article Preventing slips, trips and falls in winter weather for educational institutions Article Product design reviews Article Public swimming pools Article Paper dust in record destruction Article Avoiding disability discrimination claims in the wake of statutory amendments and enforcement trends Article 15-passenger van safety Article Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 … Next page Next › Last page Last »Taking the stress out of choosing solar panels that are the perfect fit for you.
So, you’ve decided to go solar. However, as you will soon find out, there’s more to choosing the right components for your solar system than comparing prices. It’s vital that you do a bit of research to find the best options. Why? Simple, one panel does not fit all. And as the key component responsible for harnessing solar energy, it is crucial to get it right. It makes the difference between having a reliable system that helps reduce energy bills and a money pit.
That’s why we’ve put together a simple guide to help you understand what to look for when putting your system together, starting with solar panels.
Factors to keep in mind when choosing panels
- Usage
First and foremost is knowing how you intend to use your solar system. Are you using it to power your home or business? Do you want to include a battery to store power? Will your system be connected to the main power grid or not? The answers to these basic questions will determine what you need to look for.
- Size & Capacity
Your solar array needs to generate enough energy to power your home or business. You also need to ensure that the panels fit into the available space. The physical size of the panels themselves will vary depending on the type of solar cells and the capacity of the system. And the number of panels you will need will depend on the output you require. The wattage is what you need to get right since underestimating will lead to the lack of energy and overestimating the wattage will lead to spending more money that you need to.
- Types of Panels
There are three basic types of panels to choose from.
Monocrystalline: They are the most efficient, have a long span, good heat tolerance and a smaller footprint. They are the most expensive.
Polycrystalline: They are cost-effective and the most popular choice of panels. However, they aren’t as efficient as monocrystalline panels and take up more space.
Amorphous or Thin Film panels which are not made with silicon wafers but rather by depositing semiconductor material on a ceramic substrate. They are aesthetically appealing and easy to mass-produce so the cost is low, however they are not very efficient.
- Classification (Quality)
The quality of a solar panel is determined by the materials used, manufacturing process and reliability of the manufacturer. Based on these they are classified as Tier-1, Tier-2, Tier-3.
Tier-1 includes the top 2% of PV panel manufacturers. These companies have more than five years of experience and use the best grade of silicon to produce solar cells. They invest heavily in research and development and use automated manufacturing processes.
Tier-2 includes companies who have been in the business for two to five years. They rely on automated and manual assembly and have limited focus on research and development.
Tier-3 encompasses 90% of new PV panel manufacturers. They rely on manual soldering of solar cells, which in most cases are outsourced. Because of this quality can vary based on individual operators.
- Efficiency
The efficiency of a panel refers to the amount of light hitting the surface that is converted into electrical energy. The higher the efficiency the more power your panels will generate. However, that does not mean you immediately look for the highest efficiency. Assess your requirements and choose a panel that best suits your needs. Ensure that your solar panels always have positive tolerance mentioned on the data sheet.
- Temperature Coefficient
Temperature coefficient is the rate at which power decreases for every degree rise in temperature. Temperature coefficient of the solar panels is between 0 to 0.5%. Closer the value to zero, the higher the power output.
- Durability
Most solar panels will come with a 25-year warranty. If the manufacturer does not offer a long warranty period be wary. Warranty will only be honored as long as the company is operational, which is why it is advisable to opt for a well-established brand.
- Cost
You don’t always need to buy the most expensive one to be sure of quality, even though it is true that the cheapest may not live up to expectations. Once again, assessing your energy needs is key. There are several panels that deliver the output and reliability that you need while comfortably fitting into your budget.
Ask the experts
When in doubt, the best solution is to get assistance from the people who understand the business. Instead of going it alone, contact a solar retailer who offers complete solutions that include consultation and installation. They will be able to walk you through the process and assess what is best for you within your budget.
How to find the best solar installer? The most important thing is to look for one that has physical offices in Australia and has been approved by official governing bodies like the Clean Energy Council. Stay tuned for upcoming posts for tips on picking the right solar installer. bed. good printed cotton bed sheets. The bed sheets..
Good
Product not good
Pic dikhate hai kuchh and bhej te hai kuchh
QC NOT LIKE
good @ this price point ,comfortable & nice printAll public logs
From Openmoko
Combined display of all available logs of Openmoko. You can narrow down the view by selecting a log type, the username (case-sensitive), or the affected page (also case-sensitive).
- 17:27, 14 December 2009 Marko Knöbl (Talk | contribs) marked revision 78297 of page Community Updates/current patrolledReservations - Lanseria Country Estate
Lanseria Country Estate
Rates from
On Request
Opening Hours
What we offer
- Accommodation
- Self-Catering
- Lodge
- Bed & Breakfast
- Conferences
- Teambuilding
- Restaurant
- Fishing
- 4x4
- Spa
- Picnics
- wheelchair friendly
Lanseria Country Estate, in conjunction with our partners, offer various team building exercises. The activities listed below are just an example of the various options that are available both on the estate and nearby. . Contact us with your requirements and Lanseria Country Estate will send you through a list of all the activities on offer. We can even tailor-make a special team building exercise for you.
Available Activities include:
- Bush Chef Challenge
- Paintball
- Quad Biking
- Spa Treatments
- River Rafting
- Beer Pairing Challenge
- Flyfishing
- Soccer
We also offer great facilitated team building events ideal for Motor Vehicle Dealerships and Motor Vehicle Manufacturers
Melvin E Ydu
Profile Info
New Reviewer
New Reviewer
I left my cell phone on the bus by mistake headed to the Bahamas from New York. When arriving to the island gave Flix a call to inform them and took 3 days in order to get someone to even answer the phone. Reported both phones to the lost and found. During this time my...View full review
ID
Cons
- Luggage is not protected
Preferred solution
Let the company propose a solution
Thank You for Your Reply!
Thank You for Your Reply! We are processing your message.
11Thank You for Your Submission
Your comment is successfully posted.
Select Reason
Select ReasonVIP Satin
VIP Satin
Guaranteed safe & secure checkout
Are you looking for a smooth and sleek finish for your ceiling and walls?
With its eggshell finish, this latex-based coating is ideal for interior surfaces following the latest fashions.
Usage:
Make sure that the surface to be painted is dry, without any trace of greasy substances or dust. If necessary, sand the surface to remove all traces of the previous coating.
Avantages:
Effective and odourless, this paint is easy to clean and has a very low impact on the environment.
Application:
- Before use, remove peeling paint and any impurities or dirt present on the surface to be painted.
- Mix the paint adequately.
- Apply the paint with a brush or roller.
- Allow to dry for one hour and wash equipment to remove any remaining paint.
- Coating that does not require dilution. Mix well before use. At a temperature of 10 ° C to 30 ° C, apply with the tool chosen (brush, roller or spray gun) a first coat of paint as a primer. A minimum of two additional layers should be sufficient depending on the degree of porosity.
- After use, remove excess paint from used equipment before washing directly with warm, soapy water.
Drying time: 1 hour
Recovery time: 12 hours
Yield: 10-12 m² / liter
Store in a dry place at a temperature of 5 ° C to 30 ° C. Protect against frost.
Caution:
It is advisable to wear goggles, gloves and proper clothing when handling. Keep out of reach of children.
IN CASE OF CONTACT: Contains a small percentage of aminomethyl propanol. If the product has been ingested, DO NOT VOMITING and consult a doctor immediately.
In case of contact with the eyes, rinse thoroughly with clear water.PRICING & FEES
POLO LESSONS
HORSE RENTAL
Additional field or tournament fees may apply.
HORSE LEASE
4 months $4,000
Each horse can play a maximum of six (6) chukkers per week.
Lease does not include shoeing, shipping, extra care, tack and veterinary.
TRAINING
Full care & training $750/mo.
Pasture turn out only $250/mo.
HORSE SHIPPING
SPA CITY POLO CLUB
2021 ANNUAL MEMBERSHIP
2021 ANNUAL MEMBERSHIP
Adult $1,500
Youth $500
Family $2,000
Includes unlimited chukkers and field access for the entire May-November season;
priority on chukkers, events and horse shipping; discounts from our sponsors.
A current USPA individual membership is a prerequisite for Spa City Polo Club membership.
PRACTICE CHUKKERS (Non-Members)
Adult $25 per chukker
Youth $10 per chukker
Horse not included. Horse Rentals
Junior PPC currently looking for a super-skilled Junior PPC Specialist to manage and maintain a portfolio of campaigns across a range of PPC Platforms (Google Ads, Facebook, Bings, LinkedIn Ads, Outbrain, Taboola,…). Working closely with the Sales and Account Manager team, you will be responsible for creating, monitoring and optimizing PPC campaigns.
The ideal candidate will have at least 6 months of experience in paid search (internships are valid), strong written and verbal skills, and knowledge in Per Per Click. The candidate should also be results driven, ambitious, organized, articulate, and a self-starter. Expertise in Excel is required.
Ready for your next adventure? Join us in our Barcelona office.
@Your responsibilities
- The PPC Manager will be responsible for developing, implementing and launching campaigns for various clients and products in an array of industries and on multiple platforms including Google, Bing, Paid Social and retargeting platforms
- Review search queries and conversion data to ensure campaigns are receiving relevant and high-quality traffic.
- Manage and optimize paid media campaigns, including bid optimization, landing page optimization, analyzing search query reports, and creating ad copy.
- Managing spend and clicks on a daily basis, ensuring that budget spends are being maximized and maximising profit
- Collaborate with account managers on research, campaign creation, and optimization efforts
@Skills and Requirement
- Master in Digital Marketing or similar
- Fluent in French, talking and writing
- Good level in English, talking and writing
- Experience in Google Ads, Facebook or Native advertising is a must
- Organized and rigorous
- Analytical mind, Excellent Microsoft Excel skills and knowledge of pivot tables and basic formulas
- Team player
- Strong written and communications skills
- Good copywriting and grammar skills
- Good understanding and personal interest in online marketing and digital trends
@What do we offer
- Salary based on experience
- Full time Job
-.French giants Paris Saint-Germain have quickly become one of the most formidable sides in Europe after signing Neymar from Barcelona and Kylian Mbappe from Monaco.
Joining Edinson Cavani, the Parisians own an embarrassment of riches up front when it comes to attacking power, which could leave the turnover of some pretty notable names.
Among those now entrenched for a battle in playing time, winger Julian Draxler has found himself in the logjam of world-class talent within the PSG ranks and it looks like he has become expendable.
Mundo Deportivo reported that a number of PSG players will be free to leave the club when the transfer window re-opens in January, including Draxler, who has started just two games so far this season in all competitions.
The German international is never a golden boot competitor, but he is an influential playmaker:
Which is obviously why he is getting some major attention from big Premier League clubs in England.
Arsenal has been after Draxler for the past few months as he was one of their top targets over the summer, which make them one of the favorites to nab him. Especially if Alexis Sanchez actually leaves the club this winter. It was reported that the Chilean forward was set for a move to Manchester City on deadline day, but things fell through as he remained with the London side.
But the Gunners will likely have competition and it may come in the form of Liverpool, according to TransferMarketWeb (h/t the Daily Star).
Both clubs were also in on the pursuit of Monaco midfielder Thomas Lemar, though the young Frenchman stayed with his club through the deadline.
Draxler would bring an added punch to a solid Liverpool attack that already features Philippe Coutinho, who was the apple of Barcelona’s eye last month.Folks of different region carrying their taste, choice of foods and lifestyle have made the restaurant industry evolve and to make an entry and catch up with the ever evolving industry, aspiring restaurateurs are all set to make their presence felt..Concept of the restaurant:
Step by step approach for establishing any business is the first and foremost rule. Concept and planning of the business might take long but without any plan and concept, a business cannot move an inch..
2.Discovering the apt Location:
Location plays an important role in shaping your business dream into reality. If the location does not fulfill your requirements, then it can cost you dearly. Such as is it a crowded place, do other business run well there, is there any other restaurant in or around the complex, is there sufficient water facility in the locality, has anyone opened restaurant in that place earlier, why has not anyone approached that place for opening a restaurant there, is there sufficient space for parking and questions like these should be answered before finalizing the location.
3.Face of your restaurant:
This might sound like a trivial issue but the name of the restaurant and its interior design plays a significant role equally as the service you provide to your guests.
Guests are the ones, who will be on the receiving end of your business, pleasing them is the ultimate reason for the growth of your business as they are the ones who will provide energy to push the business forward.
Advertisements through different mediums will let others know about the existence of your restaurant and the kind of food, service you provide..
5.Hiring staffs:
A restaurant is known by the kind of food it serves, the chefs it has, services it provides and the ambiance,.As we mentioned in last week's post, 5 Reasons You Should Conduct Regular Safety Audits, most safety consultants recommend you audit of your company's safety management systems at least once per year. You have two choices to get this done - one is to have a properly trained employee of your company conduct the audit internally, and the other is to have an outside consultant come in to do the audit.
Doing the audit in house can be tempting because you can simply assign it to one of your employees. But if that employee hasn't been properly trained and lacks auditing experience, he or she may make mistakes that could end up costing more in the long run.
The benefits of hiring an outside safety professional to conduct safety management system audits include the following.
- Bringing in an external auditor can prevent bias and conflicts of interest from interfering with the audit process.
-
- By hiring a professional safety consultant with the proper experience and credentials, you minimize the chance for costly errors in the auditing process.
- External auditors see many different companies and are therefore able to evaluate how your company's management systems compare to those of your industry peers and best practices. They can also recommend corrective actions to address any deficiencies.
-
- An external auditor will not be distracted from audit duties by other job duties and responsibilities.
Whichever route you decide to take, the main duty of the auditor is to ensure that your safety management system complies with all current safety regulations, safety best practices, and any contractual requirements your company is subject to.How to Get American Netflix in UK [October 2021 Updated]
Wondering how to get American Netflix in the UK? Below I will provide you easy steps to unblock US Netflix exclusive titles in the UK with the help of a VPN. Bear in mind, it’s not your Netflix account that’s faulty, but Netflix UK’s stale content that sucks!
This is because 9.1 million Netflix UK users are getting only somewhat 44% of all titles! So, if you failed to find “Sweet Tooth”, “Ted Bundy Movie”, or “Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse”, it’s because it just isn’t available in the United Kingdom.
The reason behind this is the highly discriminating content geo-blocking and copyright agreements. So, if you want to bypass these restrictions, you will need a VPN. This tool will redirect your internet connection through an encrypted VPN server.
We’ll now be revealing how to use a VPN for American Netflix in the UK. Please note though that not all VPNs work with US Netflix, so I have listed the best options below.
How to Get American Netflix in UK
Here’s a simple 4-step process to watch American Netflix in the UK:
- Subscribe to a VPN service (ExpressVPN is my top choice). It will change your UK IP address to a US IP address and give you access to American Netflix.
- Launch the VPN application and sign in.
- Connect to a VPN server in the United States.
- Visit the official Netflix site and enjoy the US Netflix library!
Explainer Video to Get American Netflix in UK
Teleportation is still something that we’re working on, but with a VPN you can virtually locate yourself anywhere in the world with the clicks of a few buttons. However, it is important to realize that not all VPNs can get you access to American Netflix in the UK.
In order to protect its licensing agreements with production houses and distributors, Netflix utilizes special VPN/proxy blocking technologies, which compete with those deployed by the “Great Firewall in China”. So if your VPN fails, you will instantly receive the “Whoops, something went wrong…” streaming error:
“You seem to be using an unblocker or proxy. Please turn off any of these services and try again. For more help, visit netflix.com/proxy.”
The key is to select a VPN that successfully circumvents Netflix blocks, offers fast & reliable connections, deploys strong encryption, providers 24/7 customer support, and most importantly; doesn’t log session/connection information.
Luckily for you, we have already done the research necessary and selected the top VPNs for accessing American Netflix in the UK, after testing over 150+ providers. Now, if you don’t have the time to read lengthy reviews, here’s a brief overview:
Best VPNs to Get American Netflix in the UK [Overview]
1. ExpressVPN: The Best VPN for American Netflix in the UK. Offers 3,000+ servers in 90+ countries. 23+ U.S. servers in 14 American cities. 7-day free trial for iOS and Android. 30-days money-back. Buy Now!
2. Surfshark: Most Affordable VPN for US Netflix in the UK. Offers 3,200+ servers in 65+ countries. 500+ U.S. servers in 20+ American cities. 7-day free trial for iOS and Android. 30-days money-back. Buy Now!
3. NordVPN: Secure VPN to Watch American Netflix in the UK. Offers 5,400+ servers in 60+ countries. 1,970+ U.S. servers in 15+ American cities. 7-day free trial for Android/iOS. 30-days money-back. Buy Now!
4. CyberGhost: Fastest Streaming for US Netflix in the UK. Offers 7,400+ servers in 90+ locations. 1,500+ U.S. servers in 11 American cities. 1-day free trial available on all devices. 45-days money-back. Buy Now!
5. IPVanish: Reliable VPN for American Netflix in the UK. Offers 1,600+ servers in 90+ locations. 860+ U.S. servers in 12 American cities. 7-day free trial on iOS and Android. 30-days money-back. Buy Now!
How to Choose the Best VPN to Watch American Netflix in the UK?
Based on the following seven factors, we choose the best VPNs for Netflix. If you are doing your own research, make sure the VPN you select has the following features:
- Has 24/7 live chat support for instant assistance.
- Provide at least a 30-day money-back guarantee.
- Offers at least five simultaneous connections on a single subscription
- Has a network with at least 100+ US-based servers for Americ to get American Netflix on devices that do not support VPN directly, such as Apple TVs, Smart TV, Xbox One, PS4, Roku, and Android TVs.
The Best VPNs to Watch American Netflix in UK
The VPN industry is an ocean filled with all types of fish and sharks. As such, you will find countless free VPN services BUT don’t you go there!
Free VPN services have no incentive to protect your data or to provide you satisfactory service, therefore, always go for a credible VPN.
Here is a list of the best VPNs to watch American Netflix in the UK:
1. Our #1 Choice for American Netflix – ExpressVPN
- Total Servers: 3,000+
- Countries: 94+
- American Servers: 23+ in 14+ Cities
- Trustpilot Rating: 4.7
- Maximum Devices: 5
- Unblocks US Netflix: Yes
- 30-Days Risk-Free Trial
ExpressVPN is the best VPN for watching American Netflix in the UK; offering 3,000+ VPN servers in 160 locations, among which 23+ servers are located in 14+ US cities for accessing the US Netflix library.
It unblocks Netflix on all the major devices including Windows, macOS, Android, iOS, Linux, and Firestick. ExpressVPN offers MediaStreamer aka Smart DNS to watch American Netflix on devices that do not support VPN such as Apple TVs, Roku, and Xbox.
In case if you don’t know which server is working to get US Netflix in UK, this provider’s 24/7 live support is the best place to find out. You will get five simultaneous connections on a single subscription along with a 30-day money-back guarantee.
If you’re in search of simply the best service out there, then ExpressVPN is the one you should pick. With state-of-the-art technological infrastructure, the service provides seamless streaming and unblocks restricted websites with a simple click.
👉ExpressVPN Servers to Get American Netflix in the UK (Oct. 2021)
If you want to get access to the US version of Netflix in the UK, connect to any of these recommended servers by ExpressVPN: New York, New Jersey-3, Los Angeles-3 and Washington DC!
Pros
- Total 3,000+ Servers in 94+ Countries
- 23+ US Servers for Netflix in the UK
- Access over 20+ Netflix Libraries Easily
- Headquartered in the British Virgin Islands
- Audited by Cure53 & PWC Switzerland
- Simultaneous Connections on 5 Devices
Cons
- A Bit Expensive than Other Services
2. Most Affordable VPN for US Netflix – Surfshark
Surfshark is the best pocket-friendly VPN service for American Netflix in the UK. It has a huge network infrastructure with over 3,200 servers in 65+ locations, among which 500+ servers are available in 20+ American cities for unblocking US Netflix.
This provider’s 24/7 live chat support is the best place to find out which of their US server is working with Netflix. With Surfshark, you can access American Netflix on Windows, macOS, Linux, iOS, Android, Smart TV, and Firestick.
It also provides stand-alone smart DNS to stream US Netflix TV shows and movies in the UK, Ireland or anywhere on Roku, Apple TV, gaming consoles, and even routers. It also offers a “CleanWeb” technology to block ads, malware, and phishing attempts.
Offers unlimited device logins without keeping logs, protection from threats with its industry-leading AES-256-GCM encryption. Surfshark offers a 7-day free trial (Android and iOS only) and a 30-day money-back guarantee.
👉Surfshark Servers to Get American Netflix in the UK (Oct. 2021)
For watching American Netflix in UK, you can use these recommended and tested Surfshark servers in the US: Atlanta, Chicago, Latham, and Boston!
Pros
- Total 3,200+ Servers in 65+ Countries
- 500+ US Servers for Netflix in the UK
- Access over 16+ Netflix Libraries Easily
- Headquartered in the British Virgin Islands
- No-Logs Audited by the Infamous Cure53
- No Limits on Simultaneous Connections
Cons
- Broader Auditing Required for Security
3. Secure VPN for American Netflix – NordVPN
NordVPN is the most secure VPN service for American Netflix in the UK. It has a huge network infrastructure with over 5,400 servers in 60+ locations, among which 1,970+ servers are available in 15+ American cities for unblocking US Netflix.
To further help with bypassing Netflix blocks, NordVPN even offers a specialized list of “Obfuscated Servers”. These servers transform VPN traffic into regular HTTPs traffic to fool Netflix into thinking you’re visiting from a local IP address from within the US.
The best part of all: you have a 30-day refund on all plans. Users of iOS and Android can even test the product beforehand by leveraging a 7-day free trial by installing the applications directly from the Google Play and Apple App Stores.
👉NordVPN Servers to Get American Netflix in the UK (Sep. 2021)
If you are wondering how to watch American Netflix in UK with NordVPN, simply connect to the following NordVPN servers: #3097, #2497, #3288, #3325!
Pros
- Total 5,400+ Servers in 59+ Countries
- 1,970+ US Servers for Netflix in the UK
- Access over 16+ Netflix Libraries Easily
- Headquartered in Panama (Safe Jurisdiction)
- No-Logs Audited Twice by PWC Switzerland
- Simultaneous Connections on 6 Devices
Cons
- The Support Needs Improvement (Slow Responses)
4. Fastest Streaming on Netflix US – CyberGhost
CyberGhost is the fastest VPN service for American Netflix in the UK. It has a huge network infrastructure with over 7,400 servers in 90+ locations, among which 1,500+ servers are available in 11+ American cities for unblocking US Netflix.
It offers streaming optimized servers and a dedicated streaming dashboard. 7 devices multi-login with blazing fast speeds. It has a very intuitive easy to use client software geared up with AES-256 military-grade encryption to safeguard your online presence.
Quick to respond to 24/7 customer support. Also comes with a 45-day money-back guarantee. At the same time, you can even get a 1-day free trial on all devices, after which you are billed yearly $2.75/month.
👉CyberGhost Servers to Get American Netflix in the UK (Oct. 2021)
To learn how to get the US version of Netflix in the United Kingdom, you can use the following recommended CyberGhost servers: New York, Los Angeles, Miami, and Denver.
Pros
- Total 7,400+ Servers in 90+ Locations
- 1,500+ US Servers for Netflix in UK
- Access over 16+ Netflix Libraries Easily
- Headquartered in Romania (Safe Location)
- 45-Days Money-Back Guarantee Available
- Simultaneous Connections on 7 Devices
Cons
- Free Trial Available for 24-Hours Only!
5. Reliable VPN for American Netflix – IPVanish
Established in 2012 and founded in the United States, IPVanish is a reliable VPN for American Netflix in the UK, thanks to its 860+ servers that are available in 15+ American cities for unblocking US Netflix.
You also have dedicated apps for Windows, Mac, iPhone, Android, and Linux and enjoy simultaneous connections on 10 devices via a single subscription. As such, you can enjoy unlimited binge-watching with IPVanish!
For p2p/torrenting users, IPVanish even offers SOCKS5 web proxies, which you can configure in uTorrent or BitTorrent clients to leverage better speeds while downloading. So, if you want to engage in torrenting, look no further than IPVanish!
👉IPVanish Servers to Get American Netflix in the UK (Oct. 2021):
If you are wondering how to access the American version of Netflix in UK, check out the following list of recommended servers: New York, Chicago, and Seattle.
Pros
- Total 1,600+ Servers in 75+ Locations
- 860+ US Servers for Netflix in UK
- Access over 12+ Netflix Libraries Easily
- Equipped with SOCKS5 Proxies for P2P
- 30-Days Money-Back Guarantee Available
- Simultaneous Connections on 10 Devices
Cons
- Security Features are Quite Basic!
Why Use a VPN to Get American Netflix in the UK?
A VPN connection is a must to watch American Netflix in the UK. It will replace your IP address and makes your geographic location change virtually. You don’t have to be physically present there it is done just with the tap of the button.
Not just this, as the VPN offer servers for many counties you can easily switch between different Netflix libraries. This way almost all content is accessible that is bound by agreements. Once connected to a US server, you can access the full Netflix library.
VPNs That Fail to Get American Netflix in UK
After testing 33+ VPNs, I found the following providers that don’t work with US Netflix in UK in June 2021:
- Turbo
- OperaVPN
- Unlocator
- Browsec
- Hola
- TunnelBear
- Buffered
- GetFlix
- OverPlay
- HideIPVPN
- Blockless
- Unotelly
- VPNBook
- IVPN
- WorldVPN
- AnonymousVPN
- Betternet
- BT Guard
- Earth VPN
- Kaspersky Secure VPN
- OneVPN
- TigerVPN
Also, make sure to avoid free VPNs, as they only cause more damage. One service was even caught running a botnet using its users’ idle bandwidth!
Can I Use a Free VPN to Watch American Netflix in the UK?
The recommended VPNs in the guide work hard to provide continuous access to US Netflix in UK, offering features like Obfuscation Technology, RAM-Infrastructure servers, and more for seamless unblocking.
Free VPNs, on the other hand, fail in delivering the same features. As such, it is a difficult task to find one that works with Netflix. Even if you do find one, these services impose data caps and log session/connection data.
This means, you are compromising on your privacy/security online. Meanwhile, free VPNs also come with lag and buffering issues, lots of annoying adverts, long waiting time for server connection, and unexpected drops.
Therefore, if you want to leverage hassle-free streaming and browsing, it’s a good option to subscribe to a reliable and premium VPN service with a proven accord for success for bypassing geo-restrictions and content blocks!
Why American Netflix in the UK is Blocked?
The streaming giant traces your location from IP addresses to provide different content to different regions of the world. This is due to content licensing and distribution copyright issues amongst content creators and broadcasters.
The majority of Netflix subscribers don’t know that content availability and Netflix account cost varies from country to country. If that wasn’t bad enough, you have access to a limited Netflix UK catalogue, as compared to US Netflix.
This means, you cannot access many addictive TV shows on Netflix and amazing Netflix movies, if you reside in the United Kingdom. Trying to search these restricted titles will either get you redirected to the Netflix home page OR you will receive the following proxy error:
Is American Netflix Different to UK?
So, how does the UK Netflix library differ from the US library? In simple words, you get access to more movies and TV shows. The number of titles far exceeds that available on the UK libary. Here’s a more detailed look at the massive difference between titles in US Netflix & UK Netflix.
There’s also been quite a huge controversy recently over Netflix UK offering a new genre “Movies Under 90 Minutes” As you can see, there’s clearly a big difference in both the libraries. BUT thankfully there is a way to get American Netflix in the UK, so put that smile back on!
You will be amazed to know with a VPN like ExpressVPN you will be able to unblock and watch 36,00+ Hidden Netflix Titles from all over the world in the UK. Here’s a larger comparison of American Netflix vs the world…
What’s Available on American Netflix?
There are many Netflix secret codes to get even deeper into the library. Here are a few of the many titles that you can get on American Netflix only:
- The Legend of Korra (2012)
- Sym-Bionic Titan (2010)
- Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island (1998)
- Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile (2019)
- Man with a Plan (2020)
- The Inbetweeners (2008)
- Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse (2018)
- American Pie: Girls’ Rules (2020)
- The Twilight Zone (Original Series) (1959)
- John Wick 1, 2, 3
- Yes, God, Yes (2020)
- Grey’s Anatomy (2005)
- Casino Royale (2006)
- Legacies (2018)
- Colony (2016) Season 3
- Twin Peaks (1990)
- Food Wars!: Shokugeki no Soma (2016) Season 1-5
- The Longest Yard (1974)
- Billy on the Street (2016)
- Hap and Leonard (2016)
- Back to the Future 1, 2, 3
To search for missing or newly added titles along with their available regions use our Netflix advance Search tool.
Is Watching American Netflix in the UK Illegal?
The short answer is yes! The basis of the question is highly tied up with the question of whether using a VPN is allowed in the UK or not. It is totally legal to use a VPN in the UK, therefore, yes it is legal to get American Netflix in the UK.
Some countries have a strict ban on the use of VPN such as North Korea and Iraq. On the other hand, only state-approved services are allowed in Russia, China, and Turkey.
What’s Good to See on Netflix in October 2021
Are you looking for some good releases to see in October 2021 on Netflix? Check out this complete list of all the new movies and TV shows coming to Netflix!
October 2021
-)
October 2021
- Afterlife of the Party (2021)
- Here and There (2021)
- Hotel Del Luna (Season 1)
- Q-Force (Season 1)
- The Guardian
October 2021
- Dive Club (Season 1)
- Money Heist (Season 5 – Part 1)
- Sharkdog (Season 1)
- Worth (2021)
October 2021
- Bunk’d (Season 5)
October 2021
- Countdown: Inspiration4 Mission to Space (Season 1 – Episodes 1 & 2)
- Shadow Parties (2021)
October 2021
- If I Leave Here Tomorrow: A Film About Lynyrd Skynyrd (2018)
- Kid Cosmic (Season 2)
- Octonauts: Above & Beyond (Season 1)
- On The Verge (Season 1)
- Untold Breaking Point (2021)
October 2021
- Chhota Bheem (Season 8)
- Into the Night (Season 2)
- JJ+E / Vinterviken 2021 (2021)
- Show Dogs (2018)
- The Circle (Season 3)
October 2021
- Blood Brothers: Malcolm X & Muhammad Ali (2021)
- The Women and the Murderer (2021)
October 2021
- Firedrake the Silver Dragon (2021)
- Kate (2021)
- Lucifer (Season 6)
- Metal Shop Masters (Season 1)
- Omo Ghetto: the Saga (2020)
- Pokemon Master Journey: The Series (Part 1)
- Prey (2021)
- Titipo Titipo (Season 2)
October 2021
- Crime Stories: India Detectives (Season 1)
October 2021
- The World’s Most Amazing Vacation Rentals (Season 2)
- You vs. Wild: Out Cold (2021)
October 2021
- Countdown: Inspiration4 Mission to Space (Season 1 – Episodes 3 & 4)
- Nailed It! (Season 6)
- Nightbooks (2021)
- Schumacher (2021)
- Too Hot to Handle: Latino (Season 1)
October 2021
- Birth of the Dragon (2017)
- He-M My Heroes Were Cowboys (2021)
- Safe House (2012)
- The Smart Money Woman (Season 1)
October 2021
- Ankahi Kahaniya (2021)
- Chicago Party Aunt (Season 1)
- Sex Education (Season 3)
- Squid Game (Season 1)
- Tayo and Little Wizards (Season 1)
- The Stronghold (2020)
October 2021
- Confessions of an Invisible Girl (2021)
- Dear White People (Season 4)
October 2021
- A StoryBots Space Adventure (2021)
October 2021
- Ganglands (Season 1)
- Midnight Mass (Season 1)
- My Little Pony: A New Generation (2021)
October 2021
- Ada Twist, Scientist (Season 1)
October 2021
- Sounds Like Love (2021)
October 2021
- Love 101 (Season 2)
How to Get American Netflix in the UK: FAQs
🔄How do I change my Netflix from UK to US?
To switch to the US version of Netflix, follow the steps below:
- Get a VPN that works with US Netflix. We recommended ExpressVPN.
- Install the VPN software on the device you’ll be using for Netflix US.
- Connect to a recommended VPN server in the “United States”.
- Visit the official Netflix website and enjoy the new library!
🗽How can I legally get American Netflix in UK?
You can make your Netflix American legally with a VPN, in fact, you can access many other Netflix libraries using a VPN service.
🌎Is it possible to change my country on the Netflix app?
No, its not possible to change the country through thhe Netflix app, but you can use a VPN service to access a different library.
🙋♂️How do I change the country on my Netflix in UK?
Go to Netflix.com and sign up and create an account, if you are outside the US and want to get American Netflix, use a VPN service, and connect to an American server.
🔎How can I tell if my Netflix is American?
The easiest way to tell if you have American Netflix or not is to search for a title that is exclusive to the US library if you can find it, it means you have successfully connected to the US server and your VPN is working fine.
Wrapping Up
This guide should help streamers and binge-watchers in the UK understand how to watch American Netflix. Follow the simple 4-steps process above by either subscribing to our top recommendation ExpressVPN, or the affordable favourite, Surfshark!New Pinoy Sci-Fi Adventure Book on Amazon
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact Info:
Iris Sheila C. Lopez
(+63)9338605986 / 09171521507
irissheilalopez@yahoo.com
58 Minutes in Driftland: New Pinoy Sci-Fi Adventure Novel on Amazon
Manila, Philippines, September 24, 2020 – Looking for something exciting to read on Kindle books from Amazon? Grab a copy of “58 Minutes in Driftland,” the new sci-fi adventure novel written by Filipino writer I.S.A. Crisostomo-Lopez.
The story revolves around Alunsinag Bayani, a 17-year-old Filipino immigrant in the US who is trying to find his place in the world..
“58 Minutes in Driftland” is a modern allegory on a person’s journey to self-realization and the battle between good and evil. It.
For more information on the book, please visit this link.Roselyn is a principal at Ernst & Young LLP in the People Advisory Services, consulting on transformation and transactions.
She has been a key contributor to thought leadership about COVID-19 pandemic and is supporting companies with trusted transition to the office and reimagining work.
She has extensive experience consulting for Fortune 500 companies on workforce planning and strategy and labor cost review.
Roselyn holds a BS in Actuarial Science from St. John’s University and is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries.
How Roselyn is building a better working world
“I work with clients to align workforce, workplace, and technology objectives to create a sustainable organization with an aligned employee value proposition. This allows for companies to optimize investments with humans at the center to improve business results.”Amenities
Community Amenities
- Online Payments Available
Accepts echeck payments
Accepts credit card payments
Accepts cash payments via MoneyGram
- Resort-Style Swimming Pool
- Outdoor Grill Area with Gas Grills
- High Endurance Fitness Center
- Billiards/Game Room
- Cyber Business Center
- Dog Park
- Putting Green
- Car Wash Station
- Storage Units Available
Apartment Amenities
- Open Concept Floor Plans
- Gourmet Kitchens Featuring Stainless Appliances
- Upscale Wood Finish Flooring in Select Homes
- Large Walk-in Closets
- Lofty 9' Ceilings with Crown Molding
- Walk-in Shower with Rain Shower Head
- Full-Size Washer and Dryer Included
- Garages AvailableHeadquarters:
mageba sa
Solistrasse 68
8180 Bulach
Switzerland
Tel: +41-44-872 40 50
The Danube Arena is an aquatics complex located in Budapest. The facility has two full course swimming pools, a diving pool and a short course training pool. In addition, it also features several service points such as restaurants, shops, buffets, separate rooms for the press and a conference
room.
The venue was hosting the 2017 World Aquatics Championships. The arena has 6,000 seats and 8,000 additional mobile seats that were designed only for the period of the Aquatics Championships. The additional seats will be removed after the event and the whole facility will be dedicated to the public for further use.
To support the roof structure of the arena that weighs over 2,550 tons, mageba supplied the following products:
• Four units of RESTON-SPHERICAL spherical bearings of types KF, KE, KEq and KA treated with ROBO-SLIDE sliding material.
All bearings were designed with a maximum vertical load of 30,000 kN (ULS). The KA type bearing has a longitudinal moving capacity of +/-200 mm and a transversal moving capacity of +/-100 mm. The heaviest bearing weighed more than 2.3 tons.These tiny little caps are great for replacing failed lytics that are close to the CPU and are covered by the heatsink on your LGA775 board. These are short like the originals, and will clear the heatsink.
Standard shipping is $6.00 Shipping to a US Address, $14.50 Internationally for any quantity.
Badcaps.net
2002 - 2018, All Rights Reserved.Server has been up for , , and .Tibetan medicine is a unique and holistic system of healing. It has been continuously practiced for over a thousand years, but has still to take its place in the history of medicine as we know it in the West.
This volume presents for the first time a comprehensive introduction to the arcane Tibetan art of healing. The author has provided a well-documented, original and detailed study of Tibetan psychiatry, the world's oldest system of medical psychiatry. Translated here--for the first time in English--are three fascinating chapters about mental illness from the rGyud-bzhi, the ancient and most important Tibetan medical work. Reproductions of the rare Tibetan texts are also included. Supplementing these translations are extensive explanations of Tibetan psychiatric theory and treatment drawn from the author's research and interviews with Tibetan refugee doctors in India and Nepal. Great care has been taken to identify over 90 pharmacological substances used in Tibetan psychiatric medicines, and these are listed in an appendix along with their English and Latin
botanical names.
Deeply researched and clearly written, this work will be of interest to both scholars and general readers in the fields of Buddhist studies, holistic healing, Oriental medicine, transpersonal psychology, ethnopsychiatry and medical anthropology.
Review(s)
"Based on the holistic Buddhist concept of mind-body, Tibetan medicine is a system of psycho-cosmo-physical healing whose philosophy and healing techniques have much to offer towards the world-wide campaign against disease." TEZEN CHOEDHAK,... Press Bulletin
"This volume presents for the first time a comprehensive introduction to the arcane Tibetan art of healing." - International Journal of Humanities & Peace, 1991
"This work presents a clear introduction of this seemingly complex and esoteric system of health." - The Beacon, Nov.-Dec.1990
About the Author(s)Award-Winning rum maker enters the market
There’s a reason why Tanduay, a 166-year-old rum manufacturer in the Philippines, remains at the top of the wines and spirits category worldwide, and now people in Nevada can experience how the World’s Number One Rum* tastes like.
Johnson Brothers, one of the leading wine, spirits, and beer distributors in the U.S., recently partnered with the top Philippine rum manufacturer to bring Tanduay’s wide range of internationally acclaimed rums to Nevada.
“We couldn’t be more excited about our new partnership with Tanduay Rum, the largest Rum brand in the world,” said Yale Johnson, Vice President of Johnson Brothers. “With a global 150-year track record of success, we recognize the tremendous opportunity for this portfolio in the U.S. Additionally, we see great potential with the premium rum category and look forward to leveraging our best in class selling capabilities and customer relationships to help Tanduay Rum flourish in all Johnson Brothers markets.”
Tanduay makes its rums with dedication and craftsmanship, and it all starts with the sugarcane it uses for its products. It sources its sugarcanes from the verdant region of Victorias in the Visayas that has a long tradition of sugarcane farming and one of the Philippines’ sugar capitals.
Sugarcane planting begins as the rainy season is about to start and harvesting is done by the summer of the following year. Once harvested, the sugarcanes would then be cleaned, stripped off their leaves, cut, and refined in Tanduay’s sugar mill to produce the molasses, which is the key ingredient to the company’s fine-tasting rums.
Tanduay uses only first-syrup A-grade molasses, which are extracted from the initial boil of the sugarcanes and is valued for its unique taste. Fermentation—the process that turns the sugars into alcohol—then follows, creating a ferment prime for distillation.
Tanduay has three distillation plants, which are all located in elevated regions. The high elevation of its plants in Negros Occidental, Misamis Oriental, and Laguna, coupled with the Philippines’ humid climate contribute to Tanduay’s distinct flavor and aroma. It is in these distilleries where the molasses is turned into a clear liquid—ethanol.
Tanduay’s skilled blenders would then take over, with the liquids stored in Kentucky bourbon oak barrels for aging. The rum maker uses two aging processes: the single-barrel method and the solera aging process.
In the single-barrel method, the rums mature in individual barrels for a set amount of time. In the solera aging process, the rums are stored in a series of Kentucky bourbon barrels that are never empty, which helps create and sustain the flavors contained there for generations.
Tanduay’s Master Blender would then take over. The guardian of all of Tanduay’s rum formulas, he is the one who checks the rum for consistency and quality Once the Master Blender gives the go signal, the rums are sent for bottling and packaging.
“All Tanduay products are proudly Philippine-made, and it is our honor to bring it to the state of Nevada with the help of Johnson Brothers,” Tanduay Senior Vice President for Sales and Marketing Paul Lim said.The State University of New York (SUNY)―the largest university in the United States, with nearly 600,000 students located in 64 publicly-funded higher education institutions―has served an important educational function for the people of New York and of the United States. But its recent “partnerships” with private businesses have been far less productive. ten.
Start-Up NY quickly acquired considerable momentum. Hundreds of tax-free zones were established at New York colleges and universities, most of them on SUNY campuses, with numerous administrators hired to oversee the development of the new commercial programs. New York State launched a very expensive Start-Up NY television advertising campaign around the nation, with ads focused on the theme: “New York: Open for Business.” SUNY’s chancellor, Nancy Zimpher, proclaimed: “Nowhere in the country do new businesses . . ..”
Although no one seems to know―or at least has revealed―just how much Start-Up NY has actually cost New York State, it has certainly been quite expensive. Back in 2013, the governor’s budget office estimated that it would cost $323 million over the next three years. That figure did not include the lost tax revenue to localities.
And what has it produced for the state? After three years of operation―2014, 2015, and 2016―that question is answered by the official reports of Empire State Development (New York’s official economic development agency). In 2014, Start-Up NY produced 76 jobs. In 2015, it produced 332 jobs. And, in 2016, it produced 757 jobs. Deducting 30 jobs apparently lost somewhere along the way, Empire State Development claimed a grand total of 1,135 jobs were developed by Start-Up NY.
Although 1,135 jobs might strike observers as a remarkably small increase in the state’s total workforce of over 9 million people, it’s actually an inflated figure. According to Empire State Development, only 722 of these jobs could be considered “net new jobs.” Many of the participating companies did not really create new jobs at all, but simply moved their operations to another region of the state to avail themselves of Start-Up NY’s tax breaks.
Moreover, it’s far from clear that Start-Up NY’s tax breaks were necessary for businesses to hire these 722 workers. After all, 2014, 2015, and 2016 were years of recovery from the Great Recession, during which employment in New York State grew by 168,401 jobs.
What about the benefit of the program to SUNY? According to the SUNY administration, at the beginning of 2017, half of all SUNY schools had become sponsors of Start-Up NY businesses, with 201 campus “partnerships.” Although Chancellor Zimpher has spoken enthusiastically about the program’s “academic benefits for our faculty and students,” her examples are less than convincing. Yes, the participating companies paid SUNY a modest rental for their use of campus facilities. But this business use deprived SUNY faculty and students of their ability to avail themselves of these same facilities―including buildings, classroom space, labs, and advanced machinery and equipment. The chancellor also pointed to 134 students who had interned at Start-Up businesses and 121 who had gone to work for Start-Up firms. But these figures are not impressive when set against SUNY’s student enrollment of nearly 600,000..
What is clear is that, in September 2016, after a lengthy investigation by the U.S. Attorney’s office, Kaloyeros was arrested along with a former top aide to Cuomo, plus developers in Syracuse and Buffalo, in an extensive corruption case. Two months later, Kaloyeros turned up in a federal grand jury’s 14-count indictment. According to the Albany Business Review, the indictment outlined “several alleged bribery schemes overseen by SUNY Poly in Albany involving some of Gov. Andrew Cuomo’s signature economic development projects spanning from Buffalo to Syracuse, Albany, and the Hudson Valley.” Kaloyeros now faces federal criminal charges that he steered lucrative development contracts awarded by SUNY-affiliated nonprofits to preferred companies in exchange for bribes, as well as state criminal charges that he and another individual were engaged in a bid-rigging scheme involving a student dorm project at the NanoCollege. The trial is slated to occur this fall.? These questions are certainly worth considering before states rush into promoting further ill-fated university-corporate “partnerships.”A conversation with friends this week turned to the subject of recipe websites: epicurious.com and suchlike. I realised that I’d never looked at any of these sites. Mmm.
In our household, we believe in specialisation of function, and, despite my offers to help out, Rose has always preferred doing the cooking to surrendering control of the kitchen! We’ve been married just over twenty years, hence my somewhat embarrassing realisation this week that the reason I’d never seen any recipe websites was actually quite simple…
The last time I looked at a recipe, there was no such thing as a website.
You are not the only person I know who is not allowed in their household kitchen, but who occasionally has the urge to cook. I’m going to start a business, which has a kitchen fitted in a truck. You order online, we bring the kitchen to you, and you get to do cooking without Rose worrying about what would happen to her kitchen. Then, as it’s a nice steel kitchen in a sealed unit, when you are done we fluch the whole thing with high pressure hot water so it is ready for the next person.
A brilliant plan!
The kitchen equivalent of an OS re-install? 🙂
I’ve been playing with some of the recipes at (recent success with the tilapia) and. I have other (non modernist) recipes like chana masala and pad thai, if you’re interested.Beautiful flower delivery to North Shore Private Hospital
We know flowers say a thousand words. They say, “I love you”, “here’s something to make you smile”,” congratulations", just a few minutes from North Shore Private, St Leonards. We’ve been designing stunning flowers in our store for over 25 years!
We'll send you a photo of the flowers!
It's lovely to see the gift that you have sent and know that your blooms have been delivered.
Flowers for every occasion
We have a wonderful selection of flowers for you to choose from - luxury rose boxes, bouquets and florals in a vase. Whether you call or buy your flowers online, our team will create your order in our floral boutique.
Let us help you with your selection. Our favourites are -
- New Baby - Local Flower Bouquet
- Get Well – Pink Florals in a Vase
- Thinking of You - Purple and Pink Florals in a Vase
- Get Well for a Male - Nature's Native Bouquet
- Birthday – English Posy Bouquet
If you need some more ideas, read our our blog for the best flowers for a hospital bedside.
Delivery info
- Order online before 11am Monday - Friday and 9am Saturdays for same day delivery.
- If you need assistance or have a delivery question, call 02 9427 8214.
- Our friendly and expert couriers will deliver your blooms to North Shore Private Hospital, St Leonards, NSW, 2065.
Order Now
Visit North Shore Private Hospital.
Awards
Pure Flowers is an award winning florist, here are some of our recognitions -
- Service Excellence Award, Fresh Awards, 2018 (Sydney Flower Market)
- Winner, Florist, Local Business Award, Northern Districts, 2018
- Winner, Florist, Local Business Award, North Shore, 2015
North Shore Private Hospital Information
Address
The hospital is located on the lower North Shore of Sydney. It is next to the Royal North Shore Hospital and TAFE NSW. It's a ten minute walk from St Leonards Station.
Westbourne Street, St Leonards
Telephone 02 8425 3000
Visiting Hours
Maternity
11am to 12pm, 3pm to 5pm, 6pm to 8pm
Ward 1
11am to 1pm, 3pm to 8pm
Wards 3, 4 and 5
10am to 1pm, 3pm to 8pm
Most wards accept flowers with the exception of ICU.
Secondary Information
General Info
Additional Info
Description
MUST SEE studio in the highly desirable Murchie’s Building. This 1912 heritage conversion in the heart of Yaletown is all about the location. With exposed concrete beams, hardwood floors, gas fireplace, gas range, and in-suite w/d, there is loads of potential here. Just steps from the seawall, Skytrain, and endless restaurants, you’ll have everything you need, right at your door. Shared rooftop patio. Well maintained building, with diligent strata. Rentals allowed, with min 6 months. Pets allowed, with no restrictions. Includes storage locker, no parking. Plenty of rental parking within a few blocks.
Request More Information
Listing Courtesy of Stilhavn Real Estate Services
Drivers have been reacting to the switch-on of a new "throughabout" in Yeovil on Thursday (February 7), and it's safe to say the new 42 traffic light junction has not gone down well.
Words used to describe the new creation include, "awful", "ludicrous", "confusing", "frustrating" and "stupid", as locals vent their anger at what is seen by many as "a waste of taxpayers money".
After the new system at Westlands junction was switched on, five months later than originally planned, drivers reported queues were longer than they were before, while a local Ford employee has said that "not one" of the customers on his daily test drives understands the new lay-out.
Somerset County Council has claimed the new configuration would reduce queues by 75 per cent, while a councillor has described the new layout as "very simple".
However, angry drivers disagree and they have been making their views known to the council directly online.
Writing to the council, Stephen Bramley said: "Longest queues there have ever been at that roundabout.
"Slow clap to Somerset County Council for making an absolute pig's ear of the junction and wasting taxpayer's money. Bravo guys."
He added: "Next time, give the project to a local primary school, they couldn't possibly make as bad a hash of it as the brain dead planning department in Taunton."
The council has confirmed the junction will be "closely monitored" during the first few months and traffic lights can be adjusted to ensure they are working as efficiently as possible.
Take a look at plans for throughabout below.
Writing to the council, local resident Martin White said: "It was a complete farce when I tried to go through it tonight.
"No road markings coming out of Bunford Lane to suggest the correct lane use.
"Mixture of green lights with absolutely nowhere to go and cars trying to drive through each other as there was a traffic jam in the middle of the roundabout.
"It's only by sheer luck that I wasn’t spending the next few hours in A&E. The light sequencing was obviously not tested prior to going live."
Somerset Live could only find one positive comment on the new throughabout, from Peter Lovell, who wrote: "I braved it and I survived it ..it worked well for me today."
The busy Westlands roundabout has been transformed into a "throughabout" as part of the ongoing multi-million pound Western Corridor work in the town, and the improvements now see traffic travelling through the middle of the central island.
The throughabout was originally due to be operational more than a week ago (Tuesday, January 29), but a spokesman said this was pushed back due to bad weather, and Thursday (February, 7) was the revised switch-on date.
Take a look at some more views on the throughabout below.
Locals vent their anger at new throughabout
Locals have been getting in touch via the Somerset Live Facebook page to make their feelings known:
Ben King - "I think it’s great waiting at a red light on a roundabout when there’s no traffic at 9pm!"
Calley Duck-Bingham - "Literally the worst, most road rage antagonising thing to happen, ever."
Gloria Cox - "More money wasted by the Highways Department."
Shell Swaine - "The irony with all this work to help ease congestion etc....yet there’s a huge queue!"
Shaun Walters - "Is this the outcome of a use it or loose it budget? Absolute nonsense."
Sam Norris - "They did this same plan with the roundabout at junction 24 of the M5 with all the traffic lights, it didn't work and back fired to the point the council had wasted money and pulled most of the traffic lights out due to the bad congestion it was causing."
Simon Hadyn - "There was nothing wrong with what we had but now the time to get through that section of town has tripled. And it is going to end up an accident hot spot as it will confuse a lot of drivers out there."
Ian Trevor - "It’s like Blackpool illuminations at that end of Yeovil. I think the person that came up with the planning must have been p***ed out of his brain."
Somerset Live has approached Somerset County Council for comment on the reaction to the switch-on.
Council warns drivers to "pay close attention"
“It’s actually a very simple design"
Councillor John Woodman.”
A spokesman for the council added: ."
Improvements "will reduce queue lengths"
The council spokesman added: .
"These improvements increase the capacity of the junction and modelling predicts they will reduce future queue lengths down to around 14 cars at peak times, compared with queues of 65 cars if left as a roundabout."
Drivers urged to "take extra care".”
Current progress of Western Corridor project
It has been confirmed the new signalised Copse Road junction will be the next phase to be switched on.
Here's how the overall project is shaping up:
Bluebell roundabout - LATE : Completed in August 2018 (originally expected by March 2018)
Lysander Road junction - ON TIME : Completed before Christmas (originally expected between September 2018 and March 2019)
Copse Road junction - LATE : Latest forecast - "Early 2019" (Expected by Autumn 2018)
Westlands throughabout - LATE : Latest forecast - Thursday, February 6 (originally expected by September 2018)
Stourton Way area improvements - LATE : Latest forecast - "Early 2019" (originally expected by March 2018)
Western Avenue improvements - LATE : Latest forecast - "Early 2019" (originally expected by September 2018)
Preston Road Roundabout - LATE : Latest forecast - "June 2019" (originally expected by March .Buying Furnished Property vs Buying Unfurnished Property
Buying Furnished Property vs Buying Unfurnished Property fully furnished. It’s important to know the pros and cons between these choices so you can make an educated decision based on your goals and objectives for your property investment.
Furnished Units
Furnished units can be great because they offer you several advantages over an unfurnished unit. First, you don’t need to spend the time furnishing your unit yourself. Whether you’re working on the interior design yourself or you have the cash to hire a professional, it’s going to save you all the time that it takes to get this done. And in case you’re a reno or ID virgin, let me stress that it takes a lot of time to renovate and design a space, right from planning to going out and getting it all done, it’s hours upon hours of your precious time.
Besides saving you the time, it also often saves you money. When developers buy furnishings, they either buy them in bulk from suppliers or they have their own workshop that makes them. This allows the developer to get premium furnishings at unbeatable prices. So, buying furnished units can save you a ton of cash on doing the furnishings yourself. It might not always be the best choice but it does let you get some very nice furniture for a fraction of the cost.
Another thing that getting a furnished unit does, is that it lets you put your renovation expense into your loan amount that you take out from the bank. The SPA price of your unit will include all the furnishings and basically allows you to get your renovation costs amalgamated with your housing loan. To some, this might not be a good thing because they would rather try their best to keep their monthly repayments low and get the renovation costs out of the way with cash but to others this can be a boon that allows you to save your cash and have your property up and ready to go for rent as soon as you get your keys.
Unfurnished Units
Unfurnished units on the other hand can be the better choice when you want to minimize your total loan. But… didn’t I just mention that we don’t get the best deals if we skip on the premium furnishings that the developer offers this way? I did however, mention that it’s not always the best choice. In certain circumstances, it might be better to reduce the loan repayments to a minimum and source out furniture on the second-hand or DIY market.
Some people are excellent at finding bargains and there is a myriad of awesome places to source out beautiful pieces of near pristine condition second hand goods at excellent prices. Some great places to do this are the Preloved Household Goods Malaysia (you need to get approved to join this group but just message an admin and if you’re from Malaysia you’ll be accepted) or Carousell.com. These places offer some superb second hand gear for your new home that looks almost as good as new. You’ll probably have to do some serious digging and have to arrange transport yourself most of the time or head over to the owner’s property to pick up the goods but it can certainly be worth the time if done smart.
Going the DIY route takes a lot of practice (or trial and error) depending on how good you are with your hands and if you have the time and tools for this sort of work. There are some insanely epic channels on YouTube to follow but my favourites have to be Home Made Modern and Great Home Ideas. Check them out for some great ideas on how to use your space, as well as step by step instructions on how to fashion some magnificent pieces of hand crafted furniture.
Going for an unfurnished unit can also be a good option when deciding to go for the long-term tenant route. It takes away the hassle of furnishing your unit yourself and it’s left up to the property agent to find you a tenant who wants to move into an unfurnished unit. This does however, limit your options as majority of tenants prefer basic furnishings at the very least. It also means that you will have to ask for a lower rental rate since they’ll have to fork out their own cash to furnish the property themselves.
Hopefully understanding the pros and cons to buying furnished property vs buying unfurnished property has been made clear. At the end of the day it’s of prime importance to to remember your objectives and capabilities in every property venture so you can be in the best position to reap the greatest rewards from your property investment.We welcome orders from all over the world and are happy to ship to wherever you are.
We are able to ship by UPS, FedEx and USPS. We are able to ship large orders by Ocean Freight.
We recommend that the best way to ship is to use your own carrier/broker or account number. When using your own carrier/broker or shipping account number ThunderPower Megaphones will not charge any separate fees for shipping or handling.
If you do not have your own carrier/broker or shipping account number please contact us for a quote on shipping.
Please note that all international orders must be paid for by Wire Transfer.
Below is the weight and dimensional information for each megaphone. We hope this information is helpful in calculating the shipping charges for your order.
If you have any questions or need additional information please email us at [email protected] or call us at 424-201-3494.MUSIC
The Partysquad
Dutch DJs/ producers Ruben Fernhout and Jerry Leembruggen are the two members of the energetic and highly sought after musical sensation The Partysquad. They have been responsible for international releases since 2009, making their mark with their singles and remixes on such labels as Spinnin Records / Rebel Yard , Universal / TopNotch and Mad Decent and Dim Mak..
After patiently putting their puzzle together piece by piece, it’s time to finally show you the bigger picture. The Partysquad are gearing up and ready to unleash what you’ve have all been waiting for.
TOUR & EVENTSCommonwealth Games target for Victoria Williamson as remarkable recovery continues
Victoria Williamson, right, won bronze with Becky James in the team sprint at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Minsk in 2013. Picture: Tim Ireland/PA Wire - Credit: PA
Norfolk cyclist Victoria Williamson is closing on her return to full training and hopes she may even be able to race for England at the Commonwealth Games in Australia next year.
The 23-year-old, from Hevingham, is still making her way back to full fitness after suffering career-threatening injuries in a crash in Rotterdam in January 2016.
The former Norwich High School for Girls pupil broke her neck, back and pelvis, as well as sustaining a deep cut to her right flank, causing her to miss last summer's Olympics. However, Williamson's rehabilitation has gone remarkably well and she is hoping to be back in the saddle soon with British Cycling.
'It's definitely about willpower. Ruth Anderson, our psychologist, has said from day one that everyone can't believe how well I handled it,' Williamson said in an in-depth interview with national newspaper the Guardian.
'But I guess I've just got that athlete's mindset of not looking at the broader picture. I take it day by day, ticking off little goals all the time.
'We're now in that takeover zone where my care will go from the hospital to British Cycling. So it's just trying to get everyone on the same page and understanding exactly what I can and can't do. I've got time on my side because 2020 is the long-term goal.
'The Tokyo Olympics would be amazing. Six months from now they'll assess where I'm at but it is hard not to look ahead. I do really want to get to the Commonwealth Games next year – but you've got to be like a racehorse and put the blinkers on.
'It's no good me worrying: 'Am I going to make the England team?' If it had been picked before I crashed I'm in the top two Brits with Becky James [from Wales]. But I need to take one step at a time.'
Williamson has written a blog throughout her recovery and is now also using her writing talents ahead of her marriage to professional golfer Oliver Barnes back home in Norfolk this summer.
'It's going to be a country wedding, on July first,' the 2013 world team sprint bronze medallist continued. 'I'm writing for the UK's biggest wedding blog – Rock My Wedding – and I felt quite honoured that they asked me to write as a real bride forLiverpool smashed their transfer record to finally sign Virgil van Dijk from Southampton for £75m right at the start of the January transfer window.
Since then, the Reds have allowed Philippe Coutinho to complete his dream move to Barcelona, completing a stunning £142m deal.
Klopp has money in the bank from the Brazilian’s exit and has been linked with a host of top names.
But the German chief is not expecting any further new arrivals at Anfield before next Wednesday’s transfer deadline.
Asked whether they would sign any more players before the end of the window, Klopp said: “It's not really likely.
"I don't think a lot of things will happen in the next few days, but if [it does] I'll call you immediately, of course.”
There could be players leaving Liverpool before the window closes with Danny Ings one such name attracting interest.
Ings only recently returned to full fitness and is wanted by several clubs on a short-term loan deal for the rest of the season.
Klopp said: “I think I said it a few times. Maybe if Danny could go somewhere now where he could start the next 20 games, would it be perfect for him? I’m not sure.
“Of course it would be not too bad to have the opportunity to start a few more games, but I cannot forget our needs.
“We have a lot of games to come and there are a few things I don’t like in the transfer window, especially in January.
“But we have to plan for a full year and that’s what we did.”
Ings could feature for Liverpool as they take on West Brom in the FA Cup fourth round tomorrow evening.If you have still not availed any of those auto service coupons that were sent to you by your car dealership, then you must have never believed in the very concept. So, here we are to let you know, if all these days you have been really doing a good thing, ignoring those offers.
The service coupons or service specials that are issued by the car dealerships aim to offer a discount on a wide range of services to their customers on repairs and maintenance of their vehicles. These service coupons are actually generated by the respective auto manufacturers whose model you own. They send you these offers through their dedicated dealership, just like they reach their products to you through the same dealerships. Likewise, these auto manufacturers also run an auto service center simultaneously to ease out the task of maintenance and repair work for the customers, while making sure, their products are in safe hands, reported a dealership staff who offered us the Medford service coupons.
How You Can Receive These Coupons or Service Specials?
Once you make a vehicle purchase from a particular dealership, you get counted not only and the valued customer of them, but also for the manufacturing house, whose vehicle model you have purchased. In that very instance, they will let you know about their service center, where you can avail repair and maintenance services for your vehicle at a lower cost, through the application of these coupons that will come to you just for being their new customer.
From there, as and when you visit their service station, and avail some service, or buy any accessory item, you will start earning reward points, which will finally accumulate of their own, and consider you to be eligible for a discount coupon. The cycle will go on as long as you keep availing their services.
But here you must understand the fact, that like every other coupon, these service coupons and service specials will also cover either a particular range of services, or individual service items, depending upon how much discount you are currently eligible for.
The coupons and service specials also come with a definite date of validity crossing which it will expire. So, to get the most of these coupons, you need to create a reminder system for yourself, so that you do not miss out on the opportunity, by forgetting its expiry date.
How Useful are these Coupons and Service Specials for You
As rightly said by the departmental head who offered us service specials near Medford , these service coupons offer quite a good amount of discount on the most common services, like preventive maintenance services and occasional part replacement as well as major repair jobs. If you go for any of these services, to the private garages, they might quote you a lesser bill for these items, but there will be lesser chances for any guarantee on the quality of service as well. On the contrary, when you visit the authorized service center of your dealership, the service you avail there will have a guarantee on the quality of service, and on the parts used as replacement, while the coupons will reduce the overall price on these services.Wellington Property Investors' Association
High-profile Australian property investor and author Michael Yardney warns New Zealanders they could be ripped off by Australian property marketers.
Some marketers are taking advantage of "many" investors turning to Australian property because they recognise the New Zealand market is in a slump. They are selling "off the plan" properties with extravagant capital growth promises of 20 or 30 per cent.
"Be wary of Australians bearing gifts," he cautions. "If it looks too good to be true it probably is."
Australians would not pay the price that New Zealanders being flown over are paying for off the plan and new properties, Yardney says. "They're paying too much and buying the wrong properties."
Not all real estate markets in Australia are doing well, Yardney says. "We've got a very two-tiered market: inner suburban, or close to the water is doing well; and a lot of the high-rise isn't, off the plan isn't, and outer suburbs are not doing as well."
He advises Kiwi investors planning to buy in Australia to choose established properties in the inner suburbs of Melbourne, Sydney and Brisbane - close to the water and CBD.
"Be cautious if you're going over there - the tax rules are different, the legal rules are different."
Yardney is talking to currently New Zealand property investor groups about strategies. "You're really early into what's probably going to be a three or four year slump," he says, but adds that the end of a boom doesn't necessarily mean a crash.
The "scary thing," Yardney says, is most current property investors haven't been in the market for more than four or five years, so they've never lived through a property cycle - they don't know what to expect.
He says interest rates will drop, "but when market sentiment has been knocked by a number of things, people won't instantly come back - it's a herd mentality".
Smart investors will invest counter-cyclically, but ensure they have a buffer to see them through difficult times.
"There's a huge oversupply of certain properties - you've got lots of apartments, developers have a lot of stock and houses aren't selling, so rents may not keep rising."
Yardney says people shouldn't get carried away by negativity - opportunities remain - and should stay positive.comments powered by DisqusRenovation architects: four feasons why they’re important
Never underestimate the impact your surrounding environment has on your wellbeing.
As sensory creatures, we have an acute awareness of our surroundings, inherited from our prehistoric ancestors who needed keen senses to survive. This means that we’re instinctively drawn to environments with particular qualities.
The Danish even have a word for it – hygge – which is all about creating spaces that nourish feelings of warmth, belonging and joy. It looks like they have their priorities right too – since research shows there’s a strong connection between place and mind. Our homes shape our feelings and the decisions we make.
No doubt you spend a lot of time surrounded by the walls of your home. Why not create the most inviting space possible, by embarking on a renovation project?
You’d certainly be in good company – with one in four Australian home owners recently catching the renovation bug.
Why an architect is important for small renovations:
Architects look at the big picture People often fail to see the impact their small DIY projects can have on the entire home. Experimenting can lead to mismatched styles and feelings of disjointedness – definitely not “hygge”. An architect has the foresight to visualise how each part of the house influences other components, which is vital to any renovation project. Their ability to see how spaces fit together guarantees a consistent style, while avoiding potential issues with future renovation projects, expansions or adjustments.
Renovating to suit your lifestyle A good architect will work closely with you to create a house that you love, by going out of their way to incorporate your interests into the project. The end result will reflect your personal taste and align perfectly with your lifestyle. DIY renovation projects often overlook basic considerations such as accessibility, but architects carefully factor every element into their plans – allowing you to use the space as you originally intended.
Special considerations for different types of homes There’s a lot to consider when renovating a home, especially if that home is old. The last thing you want to do is disrupt the original framework. An architect can seamlessly integrate a new design into any home, even one that’s 100 years old (or heritage listed sites that were built using historic construction techniques). You can save time, energy and thousands of dollars by enlisting the services of an architect in cases like these.
The importance of lighting and texture Renovation projects sometimes introduce new aspects to your home. If you think of your home as a living, breathing ecosystem – the addition of new elements can negatively impact other areas. Adding a canopy, for example, can block lighting to certain rooms, which may in turn affect the way air flows through the interior. Certain materials also reflect light and transfer heat better than others, so it’s vital to select the right substance. An architect will make sure all factors are taken into consideration before any changes are made to your home.
How to choose a Renovation Architect:
- Look for architects who have designed similar projects to yours
- Review their portfolio of works
- Shortlist at least three architects
- Check their registration with the Board of Architects in NSW at architects.nsw.gov.au
- Ask to speak to their former clients
- Be clear on your budget
- Include contingency funds
- Use a surveyor to estimate the building cost
- Review the plans to make sure you’re not over-capitalising (investing more than the added value the renovation will bring)
Have you considered renovating? It’s easy to see why so many Australians are renovating their homes…
House renovations can boost wellness and comfort
Knock down a wall to create more space, build a porch to increase your access to depression-fighting sunlight or paint your walls yellow to create warmth – these are some ways that renovating can foster a welcoming environment.
Maybe you want a change of scene, without moving
Do you shudder at the thought of moving out of your beloved neighbourhood, but crave a different environment? Renovating provides the perfect solution, allowing you to create a fresh start, without actually moving away. This is particularly useful for families that have outgrown their current space, but don’t want to uproot their children from the local school.
Renovating doesn’t have to be all or nothing. You can go for a basic makeover, with a few changes here and there, or opt for a complete refit, depending on your budget.
Enjoy a more sustainable lifestyle
More people are looking for ways to reduce their environmental footprint. You can add many eco-friendly modifications to your home, such as installing solar panels and low-flow showerheads. It might be easy to dismiss such projects as token gestures, but green initiatives can make a difference. Scientists have discovered that careful roof material selection, for example, reduces the need for air-conditioning by lowering surface temperatures.
Add value to your home
Renovating can add significant value to your property, whether you’re planning to sell immediately or years down the track. Many residential architects agree that house renovations increase your chances of securing a higher price for your property, making this a worthy investment of your time and money. As an example, recently one of our clients had a significant return on his investment turning a single occupancy property into a dual occupancy property.
Are you using an architect for renovation? Playoust Churcher can help turn your dream into reality…
Our renovation architects love nothing more than getting stuck into a renovation or interior design project. We’ve mastered the art of re-designing properties to create a sense of harmony and warmth while incorporating practical and sustainable features.
Have look at some of our projects:
Roseville
A major transformation of this Arts and Crafts style home has turned, what was once a tired ugly duckling, into a magnificent crafted residence.
Castle Crag
Our challenge to achieve the clients vision was to maximise the views and light into living rooms and bedrooms.
Russel Lea
A re-think of the internal spaces of this home in Russell Lea has transformed what was once a dark interior into a light filled home.
Contact us to find out what we can do for your home.
Read more articles about what architects do and value adding renovations.The 49ers on Tuesday waived cornerback Dre Kirkpatrick in a move that could signal good news for the team’s 2021 draft class.
Kirkpatrick missed the 49ers’ Week 10 win over the Rams with an ankle injury he suffered the previous week. While Josh Norman started, rookies Ambry Thomas and Deommodore Lenoir were both active for the first time since Week 1.
The 49ers originally added Kirkpatrick as a depth piece while their secondary dealt with some injury issues. He wound up assuming the top reserve role while Thomas and Lenoir found their way. His release is an indication the 49ers are confident enough in their rookies to put them on the field should either Norman, cornerback Emmanuel Moseley or nickel cornerback K’Waun Williams be unavailable.
Kirkpatrick played in six games with one start and notched seven tackles.Press Releases | January 20, 2020
CLEVELAND, OH – OpinionRoute, the market leader in Insights Process Management, announced today Rich Ratcliff as Chief Information Officer. Ratcliff was most recently Senior Vice President for EIQ Research Solutions at EnsembleIQ, a premier business intelligence resource headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, and prior to that served as President of Carbonview Research.
“We’re thrilled to have Rich’s leadership as CIO,” OpinionRoute Founder and CEO Terence McCarron said. “As a business intelligence leader and data transformation agent, Rich will play a leading role as OpinionRoute continues to bring technology to our industry that enhances research integrity.”
“I’ve focused on technology solutions and their effective application for my entire career. While there have been significant advancements, we are experiencing a pivotal moment with how technology is applied,” said Ratcliff. “I have a unique perspective on the challenges most agencies face today, I am very excited to be working with such a great team at OpinionRoute to solve these challenges at an industry level.”
Ratcliff’s appointment builds on OpinionRoute’s rapidly expanding business which offers a unique combination of innovative “Research First” technology and data collection solutions for the entire research ecosystem.
About OpinionRoute.User Review( votes)
I’ve been going through my old rants and moving them to the new format. And I had completely forgotten about this ad from Channel 4 featuring a number of celebrities sharing their favorite curse words. It’s worth reposting. Even if it means I have the pretty vacant Mischa Barton on my rant page.It’ll be one year tomorrow since the initial announcement of the OnePlus One, but the ‘Flagship Killer’ is clearly quite in demand still.
The phone was today announced for the Malaysian market, where it’ll also be gracing brick and mortar stores for the first time, after spending a year only on online listings. If you’re in Malaysia, you’ll be able to take home the One in 64GB either unlocked, contract free for RM1199 (US$330) or with a 2 year contract with Maxis on the MaxisONE plan for RM859 (US$236).
“If you buy a OnePlus One or OnePlus accessory at a Maxis Center in Klang Valley tomorrow, simply say the following secret password: “Never Settle.” You’ll receive a free screen protector. It’s our little way of saying thank you,” adds the cheeky OnePlus blog post talking about this new development.
The OnePlus One indeed is a nice phone with plenty customization features on offer thanks to the Cyanogen OS that it runs. After being launched with the controversial invite scheme, OnePlus announced yesterday that buyers of the One would no longer be needing invites to purchase the phone.Registration for Fall 2021 is NOW OPEN. Click here to enroll your child now.
If you have issues registering, email asas.admin@cityoforlando.net
Operation AmeriCorps is continually seeking community partnerships with non-profit organizations to allow our members to express their passion of helping the larger Orlando community. If your organization is interested in partnering to allow AmeriCorps members to volunteer on-site, please send us an email.Your cart is currently empty.
Research Use Only.
Prepared by activation of highly purified prothrombin, in presence of factor Xa, V, and calcium, then specifically purified and stabilized.
For in vitro use only.
Recommended for all research protocols where a source of highly purified and characterized thrombin is necessary, and studies on anti-thrombin activities.Anyone who's been paying attention understands how rapidly the LGBT rights movement has progressed over the past decade or so.
As the Los Angeles Times reports, Gallup last week reported that "half or more [of the nation] now agree that being gay is morally acceptable, that gay relations ought to be legal and that gay or lesbian couples should have the right to legally marry," while in 1996, 68% of Americans said they disagreed with marriage equality.
Though many activists are wary of comparing the African-American civil rights movement and gay rights, and he admits the comparison is skewed, journalist Mark Z. Barabak notes that equality movement has found success in a much shorter amount of time.
Gay affluence and its political benefits may have something to do with it, sure, but the movement is perhaps most positively impacted by familiarity.
…Experts and advocates agree on one explanation above all others: Familiarity.
"People came to understand we existed," [legendary activist Cleve]."
And, yes, popular culture has played a role. Vice President Joe Biden did, after all, mention Will & Grace when endorsing marriage on Meet the Press.The TLX Advantage
Unlike standard, off-the-shelf components, TLX solenoids are tailored to your application. Functionality, materials, and design are carefully balanced to meet your objectives, including:
Response Times
Whether slow or ultra-fast, TLX optimizes design geometry and magnetic field shaping to achieve your required response time.
Targeted Force and Stroke
Careful design of internal components allows shaping of the force curve to closely match your desired load force and stroke requirement.
Size Constraints
A variety of design techniques are utilized to maximize magnetic force while reducing size (up to 25% smaller than competing designs).
Limiting Power Consumption
Designing with magnetic latching or peak & hold operation in the solenoid or valve minimizes overall power consumption.
Functionality
Designed to operate with continuous, intermittent, latching or proportional functionality. Optional integration of smart device feedback capabilities.
Environmental Considerations
Optimized for harsh temperatures, high pressure, and hazardous environments. Designed for chemical compatibility and contamination resistance.
During your partnership with TLX, you will have direct access to our design and engineering teams.
Our experts will guide you from concept through production, working as an extension of your team to develop solutions and ensure that you meet your project goals.
Designing the Future
TLX Technologies’ strength is in our progressive technology and ability to deliver solutions that exceed expectations. Our engineering team creates custom solutions designed for your specific needs. The result is a solenoid that increases efficiency as well as improves your whole system.
Value-Added Services
TLX Technologies offers a variety of value-added services to help you reduce costs and streamline your resources. We can provide a customized, single-sourced solution that eliminates the need for retaining multiple vendors and additional inventory.
Unmatched Quality
TLX Technologies’ custom solenoids and valves control systems for many of the world’s most highly respected brands. Every solenoid and valve produced by TLX is tested prior to shipment and is packaged to fit your assembly process. View our quality policy.
Global Localized Production
With localized production facilities in the USA and China, TLX Technologies provides unparalleled service and solenoid manufacturing capabilities in keeping with world-class quality standards. Components can be manufactured at the location closest to your production facility, reducing lead times and logistical costs.
Sustainability
With respect for our community and our environment, TLX Technologies actively takes steps to utilize our resources and minimize waste in every aspect of our operations. We source our materials responsibility in accordance with the Conflict Materials Policy.
Strengthening Our Community
We are proud to invest in our local community by supporting charitable organizations, hiring a diverse workforce and by creating opportunities for tomorrow. We offer internships and fund scholarships to students interested in pursuing careers in engineering and manufacturing.
Technical questions? Ask our experts.
Email our engineering team to get experienced answers to your most challenging questions.Senior Cassandra Bristol is currently in her second year of journalism and is the editor on the Opinions Page. She has been surrounded by music from a young age, and is the Drum Captain of the Centurion Sound’s award-winning drumline. She has always had strong opinions regarding politics and social issues, with an interest in studying history and sociology in college. Most of her time is spent listening to music, playing drums and guitar, and ranting about politics to her friends.
The Commander
The news site of University City High SchoolOUR
PARTNERS
American Intercontinental Healthcare Group
AIHG is an American corporation, with offices in Nashville, Tennessee, and Chicago, Illinois. AIHG provides international clients with management consulting services, and assists third-party owners to develop American-standard hospital facilities, outpatient surgical centers, diagnostic centers, and other healthcare businesses.
AIHG leaders bring over 120 years of knowledge in healthcare facility development and management, with experience in over 40 countries worldwide. AIHG leaders have an extensive background in hospitals, ambulatory facilities, physician entities, and the development of financial structures to finance and operate healthcare facilities. We have extensive experience working with private equity and government-sponsored financial resources to create the optimum financial outcome for your project.
Perkins & Will
Perkins&Will is a global design practice founded in 1935, today they have grown 24 global offices and 2,000 employees. Perkins & Will has more LEED accredited professionals than any other design firm in North America.
CareSpan health
CareSpan Integrated Digital Care is transforming the way healthcare is delivered and received – by empowering health practitioners with integrated digital tools and capabilities to improve care delivery, and by enabling patients with better information so that they can be more personally engaged and involved in their care.
Thornton Tomasetti
Thornton Tomasetti is a global, 1,500-plus person scientific and engineering consulting firm. They.
They provide consulting expertise to clients in a variety of industries, including architecture/engineering/construction, insurance and law firms, real estate developers, building owners/operators, defense, life sciences, manufacturing, natural resources and space systems.
NuScale Energy
wTag.jpeg)
NuScale’s mission is to provide scalable advanced nuclear technology for the production of electricity, heat, and clean water to improve the quality of life for people around the world. We are changing the power that changes the world by creating an energy source that is smarter, cleaner, safer, and cost competitive. Our ambition is to help the world transition to clean energy with a small environmental footprint, in a socially-responsible manner, and with strong corporate governance and safety culture.
The NuScale small modular reactor (SMR) offers a scalable power plant solution incorporating enhanced safety, improved affordability, and extended flexibility for diverse electrical and process heat applications. NuScale's scalable design offers the benefits of carbon-free energy and reduces the financial commitments associated with gigawatt-sized nuclear facilities.
Since being founded in 2007, NuScale has made significant progress towards commercializing America’s first SMR. This wouldn’t have been possible without our partners, including our majority investor Fluor Corporation, a global engineering, procurement, and construction company, and the U.S. Department of Energy.Jerseys to be worn at the NHL Winter Classic hockey game are shown on display in Detroit, Sunday April 7, 2013.The Associated Press
Sportsnet has good bleeping news for Canadian hockey fans – its documentary series featuring the Toronto Maple Leafs and Detroit Red Wings as they prepare for an outdoor showdown will debut in December with only one small modification from the format that made it a hit on HBO.
"We're not going to sanitize it at all," said Scott Moore, president of broadcasting at Rogers Media. "With one exception – we will bleep out the f-bombs. We won't edit anything else out or sanitize it, because viewers these days are used to that type of thing."
The Emmy-winning show – 24/7: Road to the NHL Winter Classic – will run in four parts on Sunday nights starting Dec. 15 with a Monday rerun on City. It provides a behind-the-scenes look into the preparations for an outdoor game on New Year's Day at Michigan Stadium.
One of the highlights of past seasons has been the foul-mouthed players and coaches losing their minds in the dressing room, and some viewers have worried the series would lose its appeal if Rogers Media insisted on changes to make it more palatable for prime time consumption, given that it will now reach 8.8 million subscribers on Sportsnet compared to the 1.1 million that had access when it ran on HBO Canada.
It would appear that will not happen. It ran a similar series last year when the lockout prevented the series from going ahead, but focused on junior hockey and the Saskatoon Blades and didn't hear many complaints about the language from viewers (although the league wasn't particularly pleased with its players conduct).
"If you watched that then you know there's a lot of language in there," Mr. Moore said. "The league basically said 'This is great entertainment but boy we are not all that happy with our players being represented as swearing all the time.' But that's the reality of teenage boys in a locker room."
There will be one other difference – the series will feature advertising for the first time. Sportsnet said it sold out the series quickly, with Molson Canadian, Tim Hortons, Recharge with Milk and Ford F-150 signing on as title sponsors.
Americans will still see the show on HBO, with plenty of swearing and no commercials. That channel isn't available in Canada - HBO Canada does not own the broadcast rights.
The series airs as the future of another key hockey property continues to hang in the balance. The Canadian Broadcasting Corp. has held exclusive Saturday night rights since 1953, but its deal expires at the end of this season and the NHL is believed to be asking for $200-million a season over a 10-year deal.
The negotiations come as the CBC deals with budget cuts, and could present an opening for rivals CTV and Rogers to outbid the CBC and move the game to another network. The league is also trying to sell exclusive rights to a Sunday night game – something Rogers could be interested in pursuing to bolster its roster of NHL rights that already includes 250 games a season across its Sportsnet channels.
None of the broadcasters would comment on the negotiations.
Get all the latest Globe and Mail hockey coverage on Twitter: @globehockeyThese days, if your hiring process doesn’t move quickly, you’ll lose the candidate to someone else. Traditional interviewing is in the past. Candidates want to interview today and start the job tomorrow. If you wait a week before they start, they might find something else. That’s just the reality of today’s candidate-driven job markets. How can your company change its hiring process and capitalize on the new normal?
How to Revamp Your Hiring Process
Start with your job description. Most JD’s are pretty boring and stale. Consider writing the job description from the candidate’s perspective. Sell the job by sharing what’s in it for the candidate, including:
- What they’ll need to succeed in the position.
- What the company culture is like.
- What rewards exist to mark their successes.
Carefully consider all of the required elements of the job. Are they realistic? Will you deter perfectly good candidates with unrealistic requirements?
Make An Offer Faster
Did you know the data shows 36% of companies take four to eight weeks to make an offer? Another 27% say it can take up to 12-weeks. These days, that’s a recipe for a candidate to walk away. Consider your application process from the perspective of—would you like to go through all that? The longer you drag out the interview process the less likely you’ll be to actually get the candidate in the door. Consider a working interview, where the candidate experiences a day in the life as part of the process. This could even potentially be a paid day off of work, depending on your field.
While we know calendars can be difficult if you can keep your interview process to a week, that is the new highly recommended best practice for a job market that’s as tight as the one we are currently experiencing.
Find a System That Works
Ask strong behavioral questions to determine the candidate’s skill set by hearing about past behaviors. Be deliberate in your approach to develop these questions.
Also, work out a systematic way of scoring candidates to eliminate any unconscious bias that may crop up. This could be as simple as a one to five scoring mechanism to help with each evaluation. Set up a standard process and give your hiring teams the tools they need to ask fair but effective questions that measure the candidate’s worthiness for the job.
Your process should also be transparent and effective. Be clear with the candidates about how long the process is and what the steps are. At each stage in the process, let the candidate know exactly where they stand. This will make the candidate much more confident in the process and keep them engaged enough to get them to the offer stage.
Keep the Candidate in Mind
Above all, design your hiring process with the candidate in mind. You want to give the candidate a positive experience with your company. At the same time, you want to retool your approach so that the hiring process is faster and more responsive. If you can do this, you will stand a better chance of capturing great candidates, engaging them, and turning them into great employees.
Contact Lingo Staffing!
Lingo Staffing can help. We provide sourcing and screening of highly qualified candidates to speed up your hiring process. We can even handle candidate onboarding to take some of the heat off of your hiring team. Find out how we can help you restructure your hiring process to get more candidates—faster. Call on us.Offer Human-Centric Data Sharing to your users
Onecub provides a B2C2B service for personal data sharing:
- Offer your users an easy, secure, and trustable way to transfer their data between your service and third party services, in one click through their consent/permission. Onecub provides you with easy to implement standard and compliant consent popups. Your users also benefit from an independent consent dashboard for more control.
- We also provide you with an administration interface that will allow you to manage all aspects of your personal data sharing offer: consent/permission, business, technical, legal, design, governance.
Onecub is a personal data sharing intermediary. With the MyData Community we belong to, we defined a common understanding of what we call the MyData Operators. See the White Paper: Understanding the MyData Operators.
Onecub follows and promotes the MyData Principles expressed in the MyData Declaration.
We guide you through every step_0<<
1. VALUE
We help you to create meaningful portability and personal data sharing use cases for your users, through our design thinking methodology. We find partner organizations, and ecosystems to share data with and help you to shape your relationship with them.
_2<<
3. SOLUTION
We help you to deal easily with every aspect of personal data sharing: business, legal, technical, design, compliance, ethics. You will always be at the forefront of the personal data sharing standards and infrastructure under construction.
All-in-one solution
Let us deal with all the complex aspects of Personal Data Sharing
Transfer
Identity, Data models, APIs, Security, Quality
Governance
Frameworks, Ethics, Methodology, Charters
Legal
Contracts, Liabilities, SLAs, Conflicts
Permissions
Consent design, Consent dashboard
Trust
Regulation, Certifs, Transparency
Business
Value sharing & distrib, Marketplace
A
All domains of our digital lives can be improved by personal data sharing:NON-IMMIGRANT VISAS
The P-1 visa allows foreign athletes or entertainers to temporarily work in the U.S. in a specific competition, event, or performance, individually or as part of a group or team.
You may temporarily work in the U.S. as an athlete or entertainer under the P-1 visa. The P-1 visa can be divided
into two categories—P-1A or P-1B.
The P-1A visa category applies to internationally recognized athletes coming to the U.S. temporarily (individually or as a team) to perform at a specific athletic competition, at an internationally recognized level of performance.
The P-1B visa category applies to foreign nationals coming to the U.S. temporarily to perform as a member of an entertainment group that has been recognized internationally as outstanding in the discipline for a substantial period of time.
You may also be able to bring your assistant or other essential support staff to the U.S. under the P-2 visa.
Requirements for the P-1 Visa
- Evidence that the artist, athlete, or entertainer is internationally recognized.
- A formal job offer letter or contract specifying the dates for which work authorization is requested and identifying specific events, performances, competitions or engagements the P visa holder will be performing in.
- A written advisory opinion from a labor organization that describes an individual’s abilities and achievements in their field.
- For entertainment groups, at least 75% of the members of the group must have had a substantial relationship with the group for at least one year.
- For athletes, a contract with a major U.S. sports league or team or comparable evidence only need to establish that they have a major league contract to qualify for a P-1 visa.
What are the limitations on P-1 Visa
- P-1 entertainers (though not athletes) must be performing as part of a group and not individually
- You may work for multiple employers, however, each employer must file a separate Form I-129.
- Dependents are allowed to stay in the U.S. with you, but may not work
Call immigration attorney Irina Vinogradsky at 216-292-6655 to get help with your P...Melissa Bartoszewicz, D.N.P., a family practice board-certified nurse practitioner, received her Bachelor of Science in Nursing degree from Indiana University and her Doctor of Nursing Practice degree from Valparaiso University. She has worked with the Department of Cardiology since 2009, first as a rounding nurse, and now as a provider of cardiology care.
Bartoszewicz’s love of cardiology was first sparked as a floor nurse on a medical/surgical/telemetry unit in California and was nurtured by the cardiologists at The South Bend Clinic. After mentoring with Dr. Nasser for three years, she returned to school for her doctorate degree to pursue a provider role as a nurse practitioner in the care of cardiology patients. She has been trained in the areas of general cardiology, interventional cardiology, peripheral arterial disease management, structural heart disease and electrophysiology.
She is board certified by the American Nurses Credentialing Center and is a member of Sigma Theta Tau International, an invitation-only nursing honor society comprising members who have demonstrated excellence in scholarship and exceptional achievements in nursing.
In her spare time, Bartoszewicz enjoys gardening, home remodeling, and spending time with her husband and two children. She also enjoys Notre Dame Football (Go Irish!) and the Chicago Cubs.
Melissa practices downtown at The South Bend Clinic’s main campus.Starters
Appetizer Platter15.00
Choice of 5...
- Fried Green Beans, Fried Okra, Fried Pickles, Zucchini, mac & cheese, skins, T-rav, mushrooms or O-rings, cream cheese poppers, cowboy corn bites, mini tacos.
Boneless Wings0.60e
Tender and juicy white meat, breaded and fried golden brown with choice of dipping sauce.
.60 cents each.
Enjoy your wings plain, hot, hot ranch, hot blue cheese, teriyaki or garlic Parmesan.
Buffalo Chicken Nacho12.00
Tender chunks of fried chicken tossed in our house made hot sauce with banana peppers, nacho cheese and ranch piled high on fresh made tortilla chips.
Half order - $7.00
Cheese Bites8.00
Fried pepper jack cheese bites.
Cheese Sticks8.00
Stuffed with mozzarella fried golden brown. Served with marinara.
Cowboy Corn Bites8.00
Sweet corn, bacon bits and cream cheese breaded and deep fried.
Cream Cheese Poppers8.00
Breaded jalapenos with cream cheese filling.
Fried Green Beans7.00
Green beans battered & fried, served with ranch.
Fried Mac & Cheese8.00
Bites of Mac & Cheese breaded and fried to a golden brown.
Fried Okra8.00
Fried Golden brown and served with ranch
Hand Breaded Chicken Tenders10.00
Served with your choice of dipping saue
Homemade Fried Pickle Chips8.00
Breaded and cooked to the perfect crisp
Homemade Mushrooms9.00
Fresh mushrooms dipped in our beer batter and fried golden brown, served with ranch
Homemade Onion rings8.00
Hand cut made in house beer battered onion rings
Jumbo Sauteed Shrimp10.00
Eight jumbo shrimp Cajun style or lemon pepper.
Jumbo Sauteed Shrimp10.00
Cajun or lemon pepper
Mini Tacos8.00
Twelve golden brown mini tacos served with salsa or cheese sauce.
Nacho Supreme11.00
Homemade tortilla chips, taco meat, peppers, onions, tomatoes, black olives, cheddar jack, and nacho cheese sauce
Half Order - $7.00
Potato Skins9.00
Skins filled with bacon and cheddar jack cheese served with sour cream
Pretzel Bites7.00
Warm and crispy, Served with cheese sauce.
Pulled Pork Nacho12.00
Fresh made tortilla chips loaded with our tender BBQ pulled pork, nacho cheese sauce, jalapenos, cheddar, jack cheese, and BBQ sauce
Half Order - $7.00
Toasted Ravioli8.00
12 meat filled breaded ravioli marinara sauce.
Kenny's Specialty Sammies
All Sammies are served with your choice of 1 side.
Blackened Chicken10.00
Juicy grilled cajun chicken with melted pepper jack cheese, lettuce, and tomato on a hoagie
BLT10.00
3 pieces of toasted bread stacked high with bacon, lettuce, and tomato with mayo
Buffalo Chicken Tender10.00
Chicken fried and tossed in hot sauce served on a hoagie with lettuce and tomato.
Chicken Philly12.00
Tender grilled chicken, peppers and onions smothered with melted mozzarella cheese.
Club10.00
Ham, turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomato, and mayo stacked between 3 pieces of toast
French Dip10.00
Shaved roast beef, swiss cheese, on a hoagie served with a side of au jus.
Italian Sub10.00
Ham, roast beef, hard salami, melted pepper jack cheese, lettuce, tomato, onions, and italian dressing on a hoagie
Philly Steak10.00
Shaved roast beef, smothered in melted Swiss, pepper & onions, served on a hoagie.
Prime Rib12.00
Shaved prime rib, sauteed mushroom & onions served on a hoagie covered in melted mozarella cheese.
Pulled Pork9.00
Our tender pulled pork smothered in BBQ sauce served on a kaiser
Reuben10.00
Fall apart corned beef, melted Swiss, kraut, and 1000 Island dressing sandwiched between two pieces of thick marble rye.
Steak12.00
8 oz. juicy strip NY Strip, cooked your way with melted Swiss, served on a hoagie
Pastas
All Pastas are served with garlic cheese toast and dinner salad
Cajun Chicken13.00
Fresh diced tomatoes, tender grilled cajun style chicken tossed in a creamy Alfredo sauce and cavatelli pasta
Chicken Broccoli Alfredo13.00
Tender grilled chicken with broccoli in a creamy Alfredo sauce tossed in cavatelli pasta.
Pasta Con Broccoli11.00
Fresh sliced mushrooms, broccoli florets, in a creamy house made pink sauce tossed in cavatelli pasta.
Add grilled chicken for $4
Beverages
Pepsi Products
Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, Sierra Mist, Mug Root Beer, Dr. Pepper, Diet Dr. Pepper, Mountain Dew, Orange Crush
Coffee
Sweet Tea - Unsweet Tea
Milk
Orange Juice - Cranberry Juice - Pineapple Juice
South of the Border
Chicken Quesadilla10.00
Tender grilled chicken, peppers, onions and cheddar jack cheese ion a tomato basil tortilla served with sour cream & salsa.
Chili5.00
Fresh made chili with cheddar jack cheese and onions
Bowl - $5
Cup - $4
Steak Quesadilla11.00
Seasoned and grilled tender steak, peppers, onions and cheddar jack cheese on a grilled tomato basil tortilla with salsa and sour cream
Wet Burrito11.00
A giant warm tortilla stuffed with peppers, onions, tomatoes, cheese, and refried beans smothered in enchilada sauce melted cheese and fresh tortilla chips.
Beef $11
Chicken $12
Steak $13
Salads
Ranch - Italian - French - 1000 Island - Honey Mustard - House made Blue Cheese
Caesar Salad9.00
Fresh romaine lettuce, grated Parmesan cheese and croutons tossed in a creamy Caesar dressing.
Large - $9
Small - $5
Add Grilled Chicken for $4
Chef Salad12.00
A fresh blend of romaine and iceberg lettuce, shredded cheddar jack, mozzarella cheese, tomato, onion, bacon, egg, ham, turkey, and roast beef.
Fried or Grilled Chicken Salad11.00
Fresh iceberg and romaine lettuce blend with tomato red onions, and cheddar jack cheese.
Dinner Salad4.00
Romaine and iceberg lettuce with tomato, onion, and cheddar jack cheese.
Burgers
All burgers are 8 ounces and cooked your way. Try it on a fresh pretzel bun for $2 more.Kenny’s Bar & Grill prepares all burgers Medium Rare and up.
Bacon Egg Cheeseburger11.00
Topped with bacon, egg, & cheese, on thick sourdough bread
Frisco Burger11.00
Swiss cheese, bacon, and tomatoes on two pieces of thick sliced sourdough bread.
Giant Hand Breaded Pork Tenderloin10.00
Hand cut pork tenderloin breaded and fried served on a fresh grilled kaiser bun
Mushroom Swiss Burger10.00
Piled high with sauteed mushrooms and swiss cheese
Add bacon for $2
Patty Melt10.00
Sauteed onions, swiss cheese, served on two pieces of thick marble rye bread
Western Burger10.00
Topped with sauteed onions, bacon, BBQ sauce, and cheddar jack cheese
Half Pound Cheese Burger9.00
Signature Entrees
All Kenny’s signature entrées come with your choice of 2 sides
Aged Rib-eye Steak18.00
Twelve ounces of choice hand cut rib-eye cooked to your liking
Cajun Angels14.00
Two skewers of jumbo bacon wrapped Cajun style shrimp
Fried Pork Tenderloin14.00
Fresh cut hand breaded giant pork tenderloin cooked to perfection
Hand Breaded Fish Dinner13.00
Two pieces of tender white fish served with hush puppies
Kenny’s Half Chicken13.00
Breast, thigh, leg and wing fried golden brown
New York Strip15.00
Eight ounces of the “Big Apples” favorite
Have it Your Way
RARE…Cold red center
MED RARE…Cool red center
MEDIUM…warm pink center
MED WELL…slightly pink center
WELL…cook all the way through, no
pink center
Warning - consuming raw or undercooked meats, dairy, seafood and/or shellfish, poses an
increased health risk of foodborne illness.
Pizza
Toppings
Sausage, beef, pepperoni, bacon, ham, green pepper, mushroom, black olive, onion, and tomato
14" Cheese13.00
One Topping - $14
Each Additional Topping - $2
16" Cheese16.00
One Topping - $18
Each Additional Topping - $3
Meat Lovers20.00
Sausage, beef, ham, bacon, and pepperoni
14" - $17
16" - $20
Supreme20.00
Sausage, beef, ham, pepperoni, bacon, mushroom, green pepper, black olive, and onion
14" - $17
16” - $20
Bacon Cheeseburger20.00
Sliced bacon, beef, and cheddar jack cheese
14" - $17
16” - $20
Sides
Baked Potato3.00
Broccoli3.00
Corn3.00
French Fries4.00
Green Beans3.00
Load Any Side w/Bacon Cheese and Sour Cream2.00
Mashed Potatoes & Gravy4.00
xthree. A Dangerous Opening. “You by no means get a second probability to make a good first impression” was never truer than within the restaurant enterprise. There is a cause actors rehearse before opening night – you need to too. a. This may occasionally sound time consuming, nevertheless it would not take long to pick a couple of dinners that you’re going to eat for the week and will prevent time sooner or later.
Huge fines are issued for pest infestations like these. Restaurants can keep away from citations and the danger of losing the enterprise with a effectively executed pest management plan. When you suspect rodents in your set up, call a pest management firm shortly to keep the issue from getting worse.
You need your restaurant to be spotless.
Location: 1454 Peel Street The restaurant business is reduce- throat. Many restaurateurs fail inside a few years. There’s a number of competition on the market, but if you have a number of primary features coated, you can grow to be a profitable entrepreneur with a loyal buyer base. Scale back the litter – Set up your supplies & instruments so that each item is well accessible. As gadgets develop into piled up, they provide a place for bugs or rodents to hide. Additionally, preserve all products off the bottom.
seventy two% of Recycling Restaurants reclaimed bags, paper products, and food containers. Approach and Flavor 1. Order water instantly upon sitting down and ask that the waiter remove the bread basket out of your table. Restaurant Text Pagers Pattern: New Description Resin is also a top quality material for an outdoor desk high. Handy, maintenance free and versatile enough to be used indoors or outside business grade resin seems nice and will not require particular cleaning and finishing to maintain it in working form.
Of course, there’s the conveyor belt itself.
Restaurant furnishings should be sturdy and in a position to stand up to heavy use. Consideration ought to be give to the type of clientele the restaurant expects. Households are likely to have more kids and put quite a lot of put on and tear on furnishings. An upscale restaurant can select furnishings that’s extra luxurious than different restaurants.
Again in Dyersburg there a lot of cultural events to get pleasure from over the year. We’re talking all the best way from the Memphis Symphony Orchestra performances to the County Truthful to the big Dyersburg occasion – the Dogwood Festival. Listed here are a number of tips to look into if simply starting, or if you feel you need some main re-vamping!
Conclusion
Japanese delicacies tends to attempt to bring out the pure flavor of the ingredient, sometimes serving it uncooked so as to not overdo the natural taste. The recognition of sashimi and sushi restaurants is clear of this minimalist angle. Chinese language food is as soon as once more the polarity.$ 42.00
If you haven't tried Lady Grey tea, you totally should.
Silver on silver, how could you go wrong? A small, sterling silver disc is hammered, oxidized and joined by a slightly larger, smooth looking counterpart.
Approximately 1″
***This product is made to order from the artist - please allow 2 weeks production time + shipping***Water.
“I recently attended a conference called ‘Two Nations, One Water,’ and that sort of brought it home – that whatever happens in Mexico in regards to water is related to us in Texas,” Diaz says. “And whatever happens in the United States, and Texas specifically, it completely relates to Mexico.”
Diaz began her look at the role water plays in diplomacy and politics with the 1944 agreement between the U.S. and Mexico that allocated the waters of the Rio Grande to both countries. She says Mexico received far less water than the U.S. did through the treaty, but Mexico’s population has grown significantly in the 75 years since that treaty was signed.
“Mexico was a very tiny country, by comparison, at that time,” Diaz says. “[Its population] was a sixth of what it is today. And we have the same agreement 75 years later.”
Water is also an important factor in migration, Diaz says.
“When people arrive at the border, they will talk about violence in their countries,” she says. “But when you talk about people who are displaced in Central America – people who leave the small towns and move into the city – they will tell you it’s because we don’t have water; we can’t grow crops.”
Diaz says many Central Americans who migrate to the U.S. are climate refugees, driven to relocate by water scarcity caused by climate change.
“When we think about climate change in global terms, we need to start realizing that some countries are running out of water, and some countries have water,” Diaz says. “The old fights of oil are probably going to shift into who has water and who doesn’t.”
To make the connection between how we use water in our daily lives and the cost of that water, Diaz analyzed how much water is required to create a typical meal. She says it was surprising to learn that the amount of water needed to produce a chocolate dessert was greater than that required to produce and prepare a steak.
“When you think about, What can I do? Lots of people will say, ‘Well, stop eating meat,'” Diaz says. “But to me, it was really sobering to think that it takes more water to produce chocolate than it does to produce steak.”
Diaz says the best way to be a mindful water consumer is to educate yourself.
“If we all start thinking more about what our little part is, then we can make a difference,” Diaz says.
Written by Shelly Brisbin.Five attorneys earn additional top honors
OKLAHOMA CITY – Forty-one Crowe & Dunlevy attorneys have been named by Super Lawyers to the publication’s 2021 list of Oklahoma Super Lawyers and Rising Stars.*
Super Lawyers is a rating service of notable lawyers who have attained a high degree of peer recognition and professional achievement. Super Lawyers’ selection process combines peer nominations and evaluations with independent research. Each candidate is evaluated on 12 indicators of peer recognition and professional achievement. Selections are made on an annual, state-by-state basis.
Five Crowe & Dunlevy attorneys received special recognition. William H. Hoch III and Judy Hamilton Morse were named to the publication’s Top 10 Oklahoma Super Lawyers list. LeAnne Burnett, Morse and Karen S. Rieger were listed as Top 25 Women Oklahoma Super Lawyers. Hoch, Morse and John M. Thompson were ranked in the Top 50 Oklahoma Super Lawyers list.
Thirty of the firm’s attorneys were recognized by the publication as Oklahoma Super Lawyers and 11 additional attorneys were named Rising Stars.
The following Crowe & Dunlevy lawyers were selected for inclusion in the 2021
- Harvey D. Ellis, Jr. – Appellate
- Eric S. Fisher – Business/Corporate
- Jimmy K. Goodman – Alternative Dispute Resolution
- Kevin D. Gordon – Health Care
- John J. Griffin, Jr. – Energy & Natural Resources
- William H. Hoch – Business Litigation
- Gerald L. Jackson – Business Litigation
- Tara A. LaClair – Securities Litigation
- Michael S. Laird – Real Estate
- Michael McBride III – Native American Law
- D. Kent Meyers – Antitrust Litigation
- Judy Hamilton Morse – Business Litigation
- Clyde A. Muchmore – Appellate
- Michael R. Pacewicz – Business Litigation
- Karen S. Rieger – Health Care
- Malcolm E. Rosser IV – Real Estate
- Timila S. Rother – Business Litigation
- Randall J. Snapp – Employment & Labor
- David M. Sullivan – Intellectual Property
- John M. Thompson – Business Litigation
- Mary H. Tolbert – Antitrust Litigation
- L. Mark Walker – Energy & Natural Resources
The following Crowe & Dunlevy attorneys were selected for inclusion in the Oklahoma Rising Stars 2021 publication:
- Zane T. Anderson – Closely Held Business
- Tim J. Gallegly – Business Litigation
- Anthony Hendricks – Administrative Law
- Andrew E. Henry – Business Litigation
- Kari Hoffhines – Banking
- Allen L. Hutson – Employment Litigation: Defense
- Lauren Ottaway Johnson – Estate & Probate
- Paige A. Masters – General Litigation
- Melanie Wilson Rughani – Appellate
- Evan G.E. Vincent -Business Litigation
- Tynia A. Watson – Intellectual Property
More than half of the attorneys recognized as Super Lawyers have been listed by the publication for 10 or more years.
*Crowe & Dunlevy has no input in the rating methodologies used by Super Lawyers.The Forgotten
Podcast 250: Amélie Ravalec
Amélie Ravalec is a London-based Parisian film director, video editor, colourist runs record label Fondation Sonore (fondationsonore.bigcartel.com). She has been directing and producing documentaries independently since 2009: Art & Mind (2019), Industrial Soundtrack For The Urban Decay (2015) and Paris/Berlin: 20 Years Of Underground Techno (2012).
Her films have been released theatrically worldwide with over 1000 screenings in cinemas, festivals and cultural institutions in 50 countries, and acquired by TV networks including ARTE, Sky Arts and ORF. Amélie’s films have been featured in international press including The Guardian, Vice, Film Comment, Noisey, Raw Vision, Pitchfork, Sight & Sound and many more …
This is an industrial and dark electronic mix featuring Einstürzende Neubauten, Coil, Konstruktivists, Die Wilde Jagd, Haus Arafna, Test Dept, Deutsch Nepal, UV PØP, MDS51, Sophia, Pure Ground, Click Click, Matriarchy Roots and Der Blaue Reiter.
Listen to the 250th episode.
Tracklist - The Chemistry Of The Imponderable
Einstürzende Neubauten - Alles in Allem Haus Arafna - Deine Liebe [Durchdringt die Welten] Deutsch Nepal - In the Other End of the Bottle Die Wilde Jagd - Sankt Damin Click Click - What A World Test Dept - Generous Terms Le Mystère Des Voix Bulgares - Polegnala E Pschenitza (Harvest Chant From Thrace) Rukkanor - Beauty and Beauty UV PØP - Psalm Konstruktivists - Love Light Eyes Pure Ground - The Silent Age MDS51 - Fear Reactor Matriarchy Roots - More More More More (Courting Insanity) Der Blaue Reiter - Prologue Coil - The Sea Priestess Der Blaue Reiter - Prologue
If you want to support the artist you can click here.WATCH: Spokane Indians Infield Cafe
Wed., July 1, 2020
Tags let us describe our content with keywords, making it easier to find what you're most interested in. Use the search box to look for tags, or explore our coverage with the lists below.
Wed., July 1, 2020
Fri., June 12, 2020
Fri., Sept. 6, 2019
Wed., Sept. 4, 2019
Wed., Sept. 4, 2019
Mon., Sept. 10, 2018
Sun., Sept. 9, 2018
Wed., Sept. 5, 2018
Thu., Aug. 16, 2018
Wed., Aug. 8, 2018
Mon., Aug. 6, 2018
Sun., Aug. 5, 2018
Mon., July 23, 2018
Mon., July 23, 2018
Wed., July 11, 2018On Sale
Flavored Croissants
The crunch of the crust of our croissant, and the springy softness of our crumb should be enough reason to leave you wanting more. What if we say that we can elevate that experience even more with 8 carefully crafted classic and gourmet flavors. If you've had our Carb Care Package before, chances are, you've already had a taste of this Flavored Croissant lineup.
Meet the 8 new flavors to satisfy your palettes:
- Calamansi Caramel
- Lychee Strawberry
- Coffee Cardamom
- Coconut Hibiscus
- Whipped Dulce de Leche
- Berry Buttercream
- Almond with Lemon Shards
- Sparkling Strawberry
Available in boxes of 4.Property Attributes
- ID#R2594914
- TypeSingle Family
- CityVancouver
- AreaGreater Vancouver
- NeighbourhoodSouth Granville
- StyleResidential Detached
- Year Built2018
- Taxes$ 32307
- Price$ 12,880,000
- Bedrooms4
- Bathrooms6
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage5673
- Lot Size11,421 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Layla Yang with Dracco PacificIn 2019, National Glass Centre celebrated its 21st birthday with an exhibition featuring work by artists who have helped to establish Sunderland as an international centre of excellence in Studio Glass. NGC 21 exhibited examples of work by current and past teaching staff, previous exhibitors and notable graduates. Jade was selected as one of two recent graduates to create new work for the exhibition.
Motif takes inspiration from Islamic art in which geometric patterns are one of most recognisable visual representations. Like most geometric patterns in Islamic art, Motif is based on the repetition of a single image, designed in such a way that the recurring components fit together in perfect sequence. The work is a further development of Jade's experimentation combining powder printing and ariel, incorporating a more complex pattern with varying shapes and size of bubble.>>.
X-400™ | Modular I/O Controller
Part number(s): X-400-I, X-400C-I-CA
OUTPUTS
Relays:
Up to 100 total I/O - Based on Expansion Modules
INPUTS
Digital and Analog:
Up to 100 total I/O - Based on Expansion Modules
FEATURES
Logging
Scheduling
BASIC Interpreter
Peer-to-peer
PROTOCOLS
HTTP, HTTPS, SSL, XML, Modbus TCP/IP, SNMP V1,2C,V3, SMTP
PRICE
Standard: $199.95
Cellular: $299.95
Note: Data Plan Sold Separately Here
Quantity:
Expandable & Full-Featured
Expansion Modules
Add up to 32 expansion modules and/or remote I/O devices for remote monitoring and control for up to 100 I/O.
Custom Logic
Create custom logic with no scripting necessary using the X-400’s intuitive Task Builder.
Ethernet Control & Monitoring
Control and/or monitor over any TCP/IP network including LAN and WAN networks, IP-based industrial control networks, and the Internet.
Cellular Control & Monitoring
The X-400C model includes a cellular modem for remote communication and can also act as a network connectivity failover. See coverage map.
Unlimited Possibilities! Control up to 100 I/O
Expandable I/O Solutions
Expansion Bus
Add I/O expansion modules (below) to the X-400 for an I/O solution that is tailored to your specific application. These modules provide a broad mix of capabilities that are ideal in a variety of industries and applications from data acquisition to complex process control.
Learn More About Expandable I/O Options!
Monitoring & Control | Local & Remote
Ethernet
The X-400-400-400C cellular data plan at no additional cost.
Smart Dual-SIM Technology
The X-400C uses intelligent Dual-SIM technology to connect to the best network available. It will automatically switch between networks as needed to maintain the strongest possible connection. This improves connectivity and makes connecting in tough locations more reliable.
Cloud Gateway Device
The X-400 is compatible with the ControlByWeb cloud and acts as a master device to other ControlByWeb devices. If you have an incompatible device and need to connect to the cloud, the X-400 makes it possible. Speak to a sales representative to learn more about how we can get you connected. offers the ability to log a variety of data points such as local and remote I/O, registers, through a built-in web page, called the Control Page. The Control Page can be customized by administrators.
Use the Control Page to:
- Control (On, Off, or Pulse):
- Digital Outputs
- Relays
- Monitor status of:
- Digital Inputs
- Analog inputs
- 1-Wire sensors
- Timers
- Registers
Optionally, the Control Page can be password protected for additional security.!
ControlByWeb Cloud
Our ControlByWeb Cloud makes accessing your data simple and secure without any of the drawbacks of cloud dependency. It provides access to our cellular devices and works with any 400 series devices (X-400, X-405, X-410, etc.) and Wi-Fi modules (see compatible devices).
The cloud is included at no additional cost with a X-400C cellular data plan and provides remote access and enhances setup and commissioning.
With the cloud you can manage multiple locations and many devices with a single login, create parent-child account hierarchy that makes data organization easy, and log data in the cloud for easier access and easy download.
Here’s what the ControlByWeb Cloud does for you:
- Easier Access
- Single Password Authentication
- Data Logging
- Parent-Child Hierarchy
- Logic Stays on the Device, Not the Cloud
- Connect Unlimited Endpoints
- Layered Security
- Connect Incompatible Devices
Learn more about the ControlByWeb Cloud and how it can help you monitor and control your assets and processes much easier.
- 20 Override Schedules
- Send email alerts based on user-defined conditions (supports encrypted email servers, such as Gmail)
- Real-Time Clock with NTP server synchronization
- Automatic daylight savings and leap year adjustment
- Highly configurable - Almost any combination of input/relay control possible
- No software required
- Customizable, web-based Control Page
- BASIC script support for advanced flexibility
- Data Logging
- Graphing (logged data)
- HTTPS/TLS encrypted
- Static or DHCP IP address configuration
- Modbus, SNMP, Remote Service, IP Filtering
- Field updatable
- Removable 14-Terminal connector for easy installation
- Rugged DIN-Rail/wall-mountable enclosure
Frequently Asked Questions
Answer
The X-400 and X-400C share all the same features and functionality except the cellular modem. The X-400C adds the cellular modem for remote access where Internet access isn't available, or for Internet failover to maintain connectivity.
Answer
The X-400C works with ControlByWeb cellular data plans only, which include a device seat on our cloud. This makes the experience as easy as possible and ensures the most reliable connection.
Answer
We offer a 5 MB/mo, 10 MB/mo, and 30 MB/mo plans. We recommend the 5 MB/mo plan for those who are using the X-400C as an Internet failover device. This plan is perfect for occasional use and saves you money you don't need to spend. Our 10 MB/mo plan is ideal for monitoring and data logging with a few devices in remote locations. The 30 MB/mo plan is great for monitoring and logging with more devices, or for applications that require frequent remote access to device control and setup pages.
Answer
You'll activate failover mode in the device set up inside the Cellular menu, under General Settings. Use the Mode dropdown menu to select "Use Cellular as Backup (When wired network fails)". By default it will ping our cloud over the Ethernet port and if it fails, the device will automatically switch to cell mode. When the Ethernet reconnects, it will automatically resume Ethernet mode.
Answer
We bill for data plan overages monthly. We've kept the cost minimal at only $0.50 per MB no matter which plan you have. While for frequent data overages you will want to upgrade your plan, occasional overages won't dramatically increase your cost.
Answer
You'll start by creating your cloud account and adding the X-400C as a device in the cloud interface. If you bought your device and data plan together, your device will come pre-programmed and you'll only need to activate the SIM card. If you bought them separately, you'll receive a data plan code via email and you'll be prompted to enter that code during the setup process prior to SIM activation. Once the SIM is activated, you'll power on (or power cycle) your X-400C device. It will automatically connect to the cloud after a few minutes.
Answer
We are working on International cell coverage and data plans. For more information, please contact us.
Answer
In the X-400 device setup, click on the "Devices" tab and then on the "Add Device +" button in the bottom right-hand corner. There you can add other ControlByWeb devices. Once finished, you'll need to add the I/O in the I/O Setup tab. Next, you can create any logic on the X-400 device by clicking on the "Control/Logic" tab. Finally, you can pass remote device data to the cloud for logging if you want on the "Logging" tab.
X-400 Part Numbers
More Information:Specifications
Where to Buy
Click "Buy Online" to view part numbers and pricing. X-400 is available in the USA and internationally, and can be purchased either from us or an Authorized Distributor.Kingsley
Kingsley Retirement Village
The Kingsley Retirement Village is co-located with the residential care facility and comprises 48 Independent Living Villas in a secure, well-maintained environment. Each 2-3 bedroom villa is fully self-contained with purposely designed kitchens, laundries, dining and lounge areas. Additionally, residences have attractive front gardens and rear patios and individual electronically accessed garages.
Each villa has a telephone, optional internet connection and access to a 24-hour emergency call facility, allowing residents a sense of security and safety within their own home.
We believe in assisting our residents to access to the lifestyle they’ve always desired. Our communal facilities enable residents to choose to come together and experience all the village has to offer.
The Kingsley Retirement Village hosts a modern multi-functional communal clubhouse featuring a:
- Fully equipped kitchen;
- Comfortably furnished lounge area with television and computer facilities;
- Bowling green;
- Indoor swimming pool;
- BBQ area; and,
- Mini-gym.
To view our current Villas Available click here.
For general enquiries regarding the Kingsley Retirement Village please contact:
- Village Manager: Christine Busby
- Postal Address: Meath Care (Inc) 80-82 Henley Street COMO WA 6152
- Telephone: (08) 9309 7000
- Facsimile: (08) 9365 2995
- Mobile: 0467 728 188- Yahoo Answers is shutting down and deleting its content by June 30.
- When Big Tech deletes websites, humanity loses valuable knowledge and collective memory.
- We need to preserve our collective digital memory for future generations.
- Raphael Tsavkko Garcia is a Brazilian journalist and holds a PhD in Human Rights from the University of Deusto.
- This is an opinion column. The thoughts expressed are those of the author.
Starting today, April 20, users can no longer post questions or answers to Yahoo Answers. On May 4, the site will shut down. By June 30, all of its content will be deleted. That's 16 years of content that generated knowledge, memes and, of course, misinformation. Verizon, owner of the website, cited falling popularity and changes in the company's focus as the main reasons for the end of the service. Users will be able to download their own data, but all the rest will vanish on June.
Many Twitter users compared the end of Yahoo Answers to the burning of the Library of Alexandria. That might seem exaggerated, but if you look at the sheer number of websites and services that have been deactivated in past years and had their content deleted, the comparison starts making sense.
We are talking about an archive of millions of questions, answers, comments, and interactions that could help researchers understand trends and social/cultural patterns from over a decade of content. Once it's deleted, a precious archive will be lost.
When other services, such as Fotolog, Google+, or Friendster, were shut down, huge amounts of data were lost. I've never used Fotolog, but it was a huge hit in Brazil when I was a teenager, and I know of friends and acquaintances who have lost pictures they never stored anywhere else. Photos of friends and relatives and both happy and sad moments are now gone forever.
Lost in time?
Websites disappear all the time, and with them, years of accumulated knowledge and material that, at the very least, serve as the basis for future ethnographic and anthropological studies that might help us understand our own history. As a researcher myself, I have had a hard time digging up content from long-gone pages, conversations in forgotten groups, and material that was never backed up. I have had to rely on interviews with people who often couldn't remember details because their archives were all online and had vanished.
If someone forgot to pay a hosting service, or a particular site went bankrupt, or the terms of use changed and old content was deleted without notice, huge caches of information disappear.
Sometimes we like to think that, unlike previous societies, we are now able to record everything. We think future generations will have full access to anything they'd like to know about the current society. But it's not that simple.
Setting aside the issue of bias in the information preserved, we can't even begin the conversation about dealing with bias and misinformation in historical data if we can't access files from even just ten years ago. There is a growing issue of dated, inaccessible file formats, and storage devices such as USBs and CDs are becoming obsolete. But above all, society as a whole is not good at keeping records and backing up our memory.
Despite being riddled by far-right content, Yahoo Answers has created its own internal culture, with many of its answers becoming famous memes; its demise will be an immense loss to the entire internet culture. We can understand social transformations and have an overview of what was trending at a particular moment in time through the countless memes born of silly, funny, and often stupid questions and answers — but now all of that will be lost.
We don't care about preserving history
We have a propensity to not care about our history and collective memory. Take Geocities for example. When Yahoo decided to shut it down in 2009, there were at least 38 million pages hosted on the site, with an archive dating back to 1994 when the internet was still taking its first steps. The amount of knowledge lost with its shutdown is immeasurable.
The end of services like Geocities and Yahoo Answers is indeed equivalent to burning thousands or millions of books. Today it may not seem like a blog of a teenager's diary — or dumb questions posed to strangers — is something of value, but in 50, 100, or even 500 years, this content can serve as the basis for important historiographic studies. These artifacts can help future generations understand today's society and how people of this moment think. It is through small pieces of information, whether personal diaries or historical narratives, that the memory of an era is built or reconstructed.
The danger of losing websites, services, and social networks is that we are losing knowledge. It doesn't matter if many answers hosted by Yahoo are not exactly correct (or even if many are just jokes), there's tons of data stored that gives us marvelous insight into people's minds. Even the mistakes are an interesting way to understand how people think – the quality of education systems, class differences, cultural backgrounds, etc.
To delete such an archive for whatever reason — be it for change of focus, lack of popularity or, like many speculate, because people are abusing it to spread misinformation — is evidence that large tech companies aren't interested in keeping our history and records safe.
A better alternative
The first step to save this archive is to exert collective pressure over Yahoo to not delete the content, but rather memorialize it. Rendering a full archive to static HTML and keeping it online would be a minor cost to a company such as Verizon, Yahoo's owner.
But the issue extends beyond Yahoo Answers. We must think in big initiatives such as Archive.org, a nonprofit working to build a digital library of the internet. Projects like this should be expanded and better funded to keep large archives such as Yahoo Answers alive. We cannot trust Big Tech to keep our collective memory alive.
We need to put pressure on large companies to not simply delete content, but also, we need to foster a movement of activists, users, universities and other institutions to create services capable of maintaining internet archives.
We might not miss the content immediately, but years down the road, we'll all benefit from saving these large archives of knowledge.
If you’re looking for a new smartphone, there’s no better time than now! The Galaxy A32 5G is having a promotion where you can purchase it at RM100 off[1]. This awesome device is not one to ignore – it comes with many awesome features that will put a smile on any user’s face and it also comes in four stylish colours – Awesome Violet, Awesome Blue, Awesome White and Awesome Black – so there’s one for everyone.
The device runs on an Octa-core processor with 8GB RAM that gives you fast and efficient performance even when you are multi-tasking. Don’t sweat about limited storage too – besides 128GB of internal storage, you can still increase it with a microSD up to 1TB[2]. The Galaxy A32 5G comes with an advanced quad camera that will take your photography to the next level. Snap your favourite moments clearly with the 48MP F1.8 main camera. It also comes with a 5MP macro camera, 2MP depth camera and an 8MP ultra-wide camera – versatile for any enthusiast. With a powerful 5,000mAh battery, you don’t have to worry about your device dying on you[3] and if you are running low on battery, just use the adaptive 15W fast charger that will power you up in no time.
So don’t wait any longer and get your hands on the Galaxy A32 5G now! The rebate is available from 15th November 2021 to 19th December 2021. Enjoy even more savings when you trade in your old device – you can trade-in up to five devices in one go! While you’re at it, why not protect your new device and give yourself peace of mind with Samsung Care+. Until 31st December, save 20% off and get 1 year of Accidental & Liquid Breakage Plan at RM88 or 2 years Accidental & Liquid Breakage Plan at RM168![4]
For more information on the device, visit:Roscan Initiates Drilling Program Post Rainy Season
Toronto, Ontario--(Newsfile Corp. - October 20, 2021) - Roscan Gold Corporation (TSXV: ROS) (FSE: 2OJ) (OTC Pink: RCGCF) ("Roscan" or the "Company") is pleased to announce the commencement of an initial 16,000m drilling program in two phases at the Company's Kandiole Gold Project, located in Mali, West Africa.
With the end of the rainy season, Roscan has commenced drilling, which will focus at the Mankouke South and Kandiole (KN1) targets. A total of 4 drill rigs are currently being mobilized at site and drilling commenced on October 19th. The drill program will be part of the Kandiole Project's maiden mineral resource estimate, expected to be delivered by end of 2021. Upon the completion of this round of drilling, Roscan will have drilled approximately 27,550 meters of Diamond and RC holes (DDH and RC) and 110,000 meters of Air Core holes (AC) in 2021.
In addition to the drilling program, there is a backlog of approximately 10,000 meters of Air Core drilling samples, 8,000 single saprolite short hole samples, as well as 2,025 termite mounds samples at the laboratory, mainly over Roscan's regional targets. Follow up drilling, at such targets, should be expected post interpretation of such results.
Nana Sangmuah, President and CEO, stated, "We are excited to commence drilling post rainy season as we advance towards our initial resource estimate at the Kandiole Project. We expect to see increased news flow from the drilling backlog currently at the labs and this new drill campaign as we continue to move on the path to unlocking the value of the Kandiole gold
+1 also our kits will help to "warm up" or tame some of the shrill and sterile sounds that can come from stock electronics. Our components are hand selected to balance out your guitar to make it more useable and enjoyable.
EMERSON 5-WAY STRAT PREWIRED KIT
SKU: S5-250K
CHF96.00Price
Includes:
- (3) Emerson PRO CTS Split Shaft w/ (3/8") .375" Shaft Potentiometers
- (1) Oak Grigsby 5-Way Switch (Switchtip NOT Included)
- (1) Switchcraft 1/4" Mono Input Jack (PREWIRED)
- (1) Emerson Paper in Oil Capacitor (0.047uf or 0.022uf)
- (1) Volume Mod
- Wiring Diagram
Control Layout:
- Master Volume
- Tone
- Tone
Switch Positions:
1. Bridge
2. Bridge & Middle in Parallel
3. Middle
4. Middle & Neck in Parallel
5. NeckDescription
- Recommended for ages 2 and up.
- Material: Fabric
- Stylish and functional—the Kiddimoto Stars Backpack is a definite must-have for your kid. With its starpatterns, your little one will always step out in style.
- It has the perfect size to fit your preschooler.
- It’s also suitable for school, weekends and holidays.
- The Kiddimoto Stars Backpack has fully adjustable straps and two (2) easily-accessible mesh pockets on the outside which are perfect for holding drinks.
- They have four zipped compartments for all sorts of storage, and a reflective piping strip across the front.
- It’s made with top-quality material making it durable enough to hold all your kid’s essentials.
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.FILE PHOTO: Tennis - French Open - Roland Garros, Paris, France - May 30, 2021 Japan's Naomi Osaka reacts during her first round match against Romania's Patricia Maria Tig REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Naomi Osaka did not appear to be too worried over her recent run of poor results in the run up to the U.S. Open and remained confident about chances of successfully defending her title at Flushing Meadows.
The world number three picked up the Australian Open title in February but after withdrawing from the French Open and skipping the grasscourt season to protect her mental health, she has struggled to regain her top form over the past month.
Early defeats at both the Tokyo Olympics and in Cincinnati raised questions about the four-time Grand Slam champion's form.
However, the 23-year-old Japanese power hitter said she was happy with her game.
"I feel pretty happy with how I'm playing. I thought I played two really tough matches in Cincinnati," Osaka told reporters at Flushing Meadows.
"Of course I'm not, like, declaring that I'll do amazing here. For me, I'm the one-match-at-a-time like person."
Osaka is a perennial threat on Arthur Ashe since hoisting her maiden major trophy at the hardcourt major three years ago, as world number one Ash Barty acknowledged.
"Naomi is a pure ball-striker. When she has time to set up particularly after her first serve, she's one of the best first-serve, first-strike players I've ever come up against," said Barty.
"On a hard court, there's not a lot of variation on the bounce. She can set up, trust the bounce, and really swing through the line. I think that's what makes her so damaging on these courts."
Her arrival in Flushing also comes amid new focus on athletes' mental health. Osaka withdrew from the French Open in June after being fined and threatened with expulsion for refusing to attend media conferences, saying her mental health was adversely impacted by the press obligations.
She disclosed that she had suffered from depression for years, drawing applause from her legions of fans for opening up a conversation on mental health.
"I feel like there's a lot of things that I did wrong in that moment, but I'm also the type of person that's very in the moment," said Osaka.
"There's a lot of things that I learned to do better. Of course, I don't feel the same situation will happen again."
(Reporting by Amy Tennery in New York, editing by Pritha Sarkar)Month Calendar
Artist Reception: Andrew Needle
Wednesday, September 22, 2021
Contact pflynn12@holyfamily.edu
HFU Art Gallery presents: Andrew Needle
Exhibit: September 15, 2021 - October 10, 2021
Reception Event: September 22, 2021 at 12:00 p.m.
Please visit the gallery located on the Lower Level of the Education and Technology Center (ETC) or view the gallery online at:. For more information, please contact: Pamela Flynn, MFA, Professor of Art and Coordinator of Fine Arts, at: pflynn12@holyfamily.edu.
**All campus visitors must adhere to current COVID-19 guidance and Holy Family’s masking policy, as outlined at:**Authors.
Related Capabilities
Practices –
Key Issues –
Latest Perspectives
- November 192021
-
- October 2021
Stay up-to-date on our perspectivesSubscribe to EmailHomeBritish Royals Princess Eugenie and Sarah Ferguson gave care packages to NHS staff byHelen -4/01/2020 26 Comments This week, Sarah Ferguson, her daughter Princess Eugenie and Eugenie's husband Jack Brooksbank got together and gave care packages to frontline National Health Service staff. The family was pleased to do their bit during the coronavirus crisis and delivered care packages, containing supplies like food and cleaning products, to Hammersmith Hospital in West London on last Wednesday and then again on Saturday. Hermann Buehlbecker, an entrepreneur and the chief executive of the Lambertz group, posted the photos of Sarah and Eugenie receiving the pastries. Sarah Ferguson, the Duchess of York, reposted the photos on her Instagram account. British Royals ROYAL FAMILY ROYAL FASHİON ROYAL NEWS STYLE ROYAL Facebook Twitter You might like
Magnifique initiative ; j'espère que tous les trois ont porté un masque ainsi que des gants pour entrer dans l'hôpital !
They probably did not have to enter the hospital itself! The gesture itself is nice and certainly appreciated. They have a bit too much a show off attitude in my view. Others did it more spantaneously, I think.
It´s from Lambertz, Germany.
Such a nice thing to do for the people. I must say, no matter how some people feel about the Yorks. Their hearts are in the right place. Thank you.
Refreshing to read some positive comments about Sarah. On another "Royal" site/blog, she is criticised left, right and center with some or the comments being very ugly. She may not be perfect like us but for me, I just can't help but like her. Bravo dear Duchess Sarah and please, please, just stay as you are.
p.s. my thoughts go out also to these front line workers who are doing such an important job and putting their own lives at risk. Thank you to them.
I just read that both of Eugenie’s in laws have COVID-19, her father-in-law (age 71) is in the hospital, mother-in-law (age 66) is at home. I think they must feel even more connected and appreciative to those giving care. It is a great way to encourage those working and those who feel helpless.
Glo
Royalty fan
Wonderful gesture. Kind of you.
Right.
Sarah P.
Very nice indeed, I just wonder why did they show up in their pajamas?
Luna
Probably because millions and millions of people around the world are suddenly finding that they are spending their entire day now in pyjamas. For the moment, these two are just like everyone else. Kind of them to deliver prepackaged, boxed food to healthcare workers.
- Anon 9:13
Luna
Nor now or then fashiion didn't come first or has been the most important thing for Fergie as it seems for others,indeed.
What a lovely and caring gesture from Fergie and Eugenie. ❤
Malou
It's a beautiful and heartfelt gesture, and I'm sure it meant a lot to those healthcare workers.
Chalk one up for "down to earth." :D
Agree:)!
Glo
Nice gesture, but I would think Healthcare workers would want a nutrious hot meal, not snack food.
Well, delicious German Christmas cakes and "Aachener Printen".
Anonymous 3:16, I am sure that every now and then they also like a snack!
The 'snack' food appears to be a donation from the makers. Everyone needs a treat at this time and it is lovely to see the family with encouraging smiles.
@Elizabeth 2:20pm: What makes you say that it appears to be a donation from the makers? Why couldn't Fergie and Eugenie have bought all the items by the same maker? Just curious.
Studies show that a cynical, negative, and complaining attitude has a negative impact on your health, thus it would probably be wise for all of us to stay positive and compassionate, especially in times like these. 🙂
Nice gesture, lovely smiles! And spring in the air. 🌷
*ronja*
It's highly possible about what you say on negative attitudes having an impact on your health. And if this is the case, the critics of the Duchess Sarah on another "Royal" site/blog must be having some pretty bad trouble with their health.
Beautiful gesture, great to see.
Ist gut gemeint , aber angemessene Kleidung wäre auch hier angebracht !!
Eugenie looks very good without makeup, she should cut down on her makeup on other occasions, ahe does not need it
Please, nothing wrong with make-up
Such a kind thing to do;and all to support those who are helping us all. The Queen would be proud.
Without question and without hesitation, the Queen would be pleased with what the Duchess of York is doing. But no matter what good work the Duchess did/does, Prince Philip would never change his opinion of "Fergie".
(We will not publish anonymous comments that were posted without stating a name or nickname)
1 possible match found for 928-530-0273
Spytox was able to find 1 possible match for 928-530-0273. Find out detailed reverse lookup information on 928-530-0273 such as person's full name, phone, e-mail address, current & past addresses, relationship status, photos, social media profiles, personal background information and much more.
Person
Addresses
3779 W Aquarius Drive, Golden Valley, ArizonaMedicine
Cardiovascular disease is a growing health problem worldwide. A large majority of patients fail to achieve the therapeutic targets as set by the guidelines, and secondary prevention far from optimal. Marjolein Snaterse-Zuidam evaluates a number of strategies and concepts in secondary prevention. Her aim is to rethink the current management of risk factors for cardiovascular disease.
M. Snaterse-Zuidam: Rethinking Management of Risk Factors in Secondary Prevention of Cardiovascular disease.
Prof. R.J.G. Peters
Prof. W.J.M. Scholte op Reimer
Dr H.T. Jørstad
Dr S.M. Boekholdt
This event is open to the public.Short Selling and Short Squeeze
Short selling (shorting a stock) is when many investors bet against a stock price rise in the future. Shorting is performed by borrowing shares from other investors in the hope that the stock price will fall. Therefore, short-sellers are hoping to buy back the stock (to return them to the real owner) at a lower price and cash the profit (difference in the price). However, if their prediction of price movement is wrong, they will be forced to buy back stock at a higher price and lose money.
Short selling can be one of the biggest catalysts for a short squeeze. A short squeeze is when a stock price with many short-seller interests starts surging. As a result, panic buying starts, and many short sellers start buying back the stock to cut their losses. This results in a more surge in the price and encourages more retail investors to buy. The best example of a short squeeze is Tesla in which it had many of its stocks in short position by the end of 2019. However, its future outlook was positive (clean energy and electric cars). Therefore, its price starts surging a lot during 2020.
There are many risks associated with short selling. The potential for making a profit is limited, but the potential to lose money is theoretically unlimited. For example, a stock with the current price of $25 can go to $0 ,but it can also go up to $100, $200, or $1000. There are a few measures to evaluate the risk associated with shorting and short squeeze. Two of these factors are short interest and short-interest ratio. Short interest is the ratio of outstanding stocks being shorted. For example, if a company has 1 million outstanding shares, and 200k of them are shorted, then the short interest is 20%. The short-interest ratio is the number of shorted stocks divided by the trading volume. This indicates the number of days it takes for short sellers to buy back the shorted positions. For example, for a stock with 200k shorted positions and a daily trading volume of 20k, 10 days will be required for short sellers to buy back all of their shorted stocks. A higher trading volume indicates that it takes short time for the short sellers to buy back the stocks.
You can benefit from a short squeeze by identifying them and following their news. The best places to find this information are Wallstreetbets (Reddit) and Shortsqueeze.com. The ideal time to jump on a shorted stock is at the beginning of a price surge. For example, imagine a pharma company that is not profitable at the moment. If the company develops a blockbuster drug in the future, it may result in a short squeeze.Biden’s Attack on the Keystone XL Pipeline Is Politics, Not Policy
by Steven Milloy]
#
Related:
Biden to try to prevent bad weather by forcing oil to be shipped by rail instead of thru a mostly-completed pipeline?
— Tom Nelson (@tan123) January 20, 2021
Here's what I find terrifying about the news that Joe Biden is planning to cancel Keystone XL. He doesn't even acknowledge (or know?) that the heavy oil we get from Canada is particularly vital given how US refineries work and the state of global oil demand (more diesel needed).
— Alex Epstein (@AlexEpstein) January 19, 2021
This valuable chart highlights a) the US producing a lot more oil over the past decade, and b) the fact that we still need to import huge amounts of oil because the oil we produce often can't be used for the oil products we consume. That's why need to pipe heavy oil from Canada.
— Alex Epstein (@AlexEpstein) January 20, 2021
It's good to see US labor unions standing up for fossil fuel projects like Keystone XL. In my experience labor unions know far more than most about energy. They know that producing low-cost reliable energy means a lot more opportunity than building cost-adding "unreliables."
— Alex Epstein (@AlexEpstein) January 19, 2021
A quick note: by cancelling #KeystoneXL Pres Biden will not reduce GHG emissions since the pipeline was intended to move existing production.
Rather, the alternatives to #KXL will generate higher emissions, at higher risk, while pulling billions from Canada's economy #abpoli
— Blair King (@BlairKing_ca) January 20, 2021
EIA: “In 2019, U.S. energy production exceeded energy consumption for the first time since 1957, and U.S. energy exports exceeded energy imports for the first time since 1952.”
Keystone XL May Be Sold for Scrap If Biden Moves to Kill It
“Canadian oil is produced under strong environmental and climate policy frameworks, and this project will not only strengthen the vital Canada-U.S. energy relationship, but create thousands of good jobs for workers on both sides of the border,” said O’Regan in an email..
The cancellation of Keystone XL would cost Alberta taxpayers just over C$1 billion ($785 million), Kenney said.. “That would offset construction costs.”
#
Keystone pipeline: Biden ‘to cancel it on his first day’
The pipeline is projected to carry oil nearly 1,200 miles (1,900km) from the Canadian province of Alberta down to Nebraska, to join an existing pipeline.
Environmentalists and Native American groups have fought the project for more than a decade.
Work had been halted but restarted in 2019 under President Donald Trump.
Mr Trump overturned a decision by his predecessor, Barack Obama, who vetoed a bill approving construction in 2015.
The privately financed pipeline is expected to cost about $8bn (£5.8bn; CAD $10bn).
#.”
Flashback: Climate Depot Editorial on Keystone:.’
Extracting domestic energy from the U.S. and other parts of North America where human rights and environmental protection are markedly better than many other energy choices – is the ethical choice.
Not only is the U.S. importing carbon-based energy from countries with questionable human rights and environmental records — ie. conflict energy, but now we are also importing so-called renewable energy from these countries. new hack threat with their own tools, Hamster and Ferret, which prevent attacks. It appears that the good guys are following closely behind the bad guys but they’re still slightly behind and all Wi-Fi users need to be careful.
Via [securecomputing.net.au]
I want to ask what tools the “bad guys” were using… But I won’t.
airpwn? or aircrack-ptw?
Are you serious airdump, next time you want to pretend you have a clue about what you are talking about, pick a tool that did not come out with the ark!!! aircrack pmsl
The problem really is with stupid webservers which don’t bother to check that the session remains stuck to the same ip address.
“because AOL users DHCP jumps alot..” and the problem is??
I have had computer problems for the past year. I am an inexperienced user. I probably didn’t configure my router correctly and I was running
windows xp. I had no idea what was wrong for sure but hp “fixed” it 3x but everytime I got it back these problems started again. After about 8 months I got a vista- it too started having problems right from the 1st
start up. How is that possible? Is it a dns or ip address/name thing?
Yeah I do alot of reading. Everyone thinks I’m crazy cos I believe that
some strange stuff can happen. Im looking for any direction you may have to offer me…places to look, websites, books, professionals, my own settings, a doctor…? This disaster has gone on for too long and has turned my life upside down. Before this I was enjoying just exploring my computer…I found it was so cool! I could spend hours just learning about the way it functions-I wasn’t even on-line. I think I would have enjoyed a career in that field if I had the smarts. When things appeared to be wrong, I spent time trying to seek these problems out-not running to someone…maybe this was the problem. Anyway, I pray for help now and real education now, and thank you in advance for anything you have to offer.
Christine
i am a complete newb to this wardriving cr*p but obviously very keen to learn or i wouldnt waste time posting a comment!
if anyone might have any good reccomendations of software to use please feel free to leave a post with a link:-)
ive been looking for software that works well with my vista business laptop, its got a dell wireless 1390 wlan mini-card if that helps?
thanks everyone!!!!
Kristin got it wrong. Hamster and Ferret are not the tools to prevent attacks. They are tools to make the attacks.sparkfireswan
I got a Human Design Reading
Updated: Dec 30, 2019
"Consider it Astrology on steroids –– Human Design is the best new tool for diving deep into the layers of your soul."
Human Design is your personal in depth instruction manual, “a piece of spiritual technology that allows you to peak at your soul contract”, as Jaclyn describes it in her post. Human Design provides a map, based off of your time of birth and location of birth (similar to that of a natal chart in astrology), and is represented by a tool called a body graph to use important equations to uncover your spiritual truth.
If that sounds crazy, it’s because it IS crazy, and it’s the most useful crazy thing I’ve ever heard of! I’m for the idea of anything that helps you become more self aware, and in-tune with the vibrations of the universe. I’m so into something that can help me find ways to channel my strengths, and sharpen my weaknesses. And I’m so intrigued by something that helps to better understand human behavior, compatibility, life lessons and connections.
Where to start?
Jaclyn came referred to me, before I even ever found her and Interior Creature on Life Goals Mag. In one of the facebook groups I’m in, the conversation becomes focused on Human Design a lot, and there were several people that recommended her.
From there, I felt called to her for a reading. I looked into other options and did my homework to read up on all of them to compare and contrast what I was looking for. Interior Creature just made sense, right from the tagline – “Decode your design,” That’s exactly what I was looking for.
Now I won’t get into too much of all the nitty gritty details of what lines, crosses, incarnations, gates and channels all mean. What I do want to share with you though is my experience with a reading, which probably is first of many for me.
I booked my appointment with Jaclyn online, through her Interior Creature website, and set it up for a Saturday morning, only a week and a half or so out. I was so excited and anxious at the same time, and waiting that week was almost painful.
My appointment took place over zoom, and I sat with my laptop in my room – literally in bed. Jaclyn could see me and I could see her, and it was interactive the whole way through. My reading was booked for 90 minutes, but ended up running closer to two hours, because Jaclyn was thorough and engaging. She was easy to talk to and found a way to make everything applicable and relatable.
Having this kind of reading done was a lot more intimate than I imagined, but Jaclyn navigated this vulnerability well and made me feel like I was talking to one of my good friends.
OK, so what am I?
I’m a projector, and so much more of my life made sense when I discovered this. Human Design breaks down into five different types, each based off of a different style of decision making.
“Projectors are here to guide, and their focus should be on knowing how to best utilize the gifts and energetic resources of the other types.” Their strategy is to wait to be recognized and invited, so as to ensure that their contributions will be heard and have the desired impact.” – Jaclyn Michele, Life Goals Mag.
The “guide for the tribe” projectors are described to have an ability to see things the way that others just can’t. For me personally, I think this has a lot to do with my ability to read into other people and understand a lot of different ways of doing things.
Projectors are also non-energy types, meaning they don’t create their own energy into existence, they utilize that from others around them. My energy has always been inconsistent my whole life and I never understood if this meant I was lazy, depressed, wild, hyper, or just blah.
Understanding this about me connects everything into so many dots throughout my whole life. It really is a game changer to come to enlightening realizations about your human behavior and that all the ways you’ve been feeling your whole life are justified.
I’ve always been impatient to understand how my own energy operates. Human Design has taught me that in learning to trust the flow, this is how I harness my full potential as a projector.
What does it all mean anyway?
My reading got emotional; it was a lot of deep topics to translate, accept, and absorb, and I continued to work through a lot of it for days following the reading.
There were definitely some parts of the reading where I felt overwhelmed with emotions that I couldn’t quite pinpoint where they were coming from. When someone peaks into your soul like that though, how can it not hit you deep? I think this kind of self-work is a truly raw spiritual experience. I really admire those who have the strength to dig deep and do the work to understand how to be their most authentic self.
Now, if I’m really being honest, I’m still working through it all, and re-reading all of the information that was transcribed. That’s another reason I chose Jaclyn over other options –– she records your entire appointment and sends you the video zoom recording and a step-by-step detailed, typed guide to all that you went through. These are materials that can continue to benefit you on your journey through self-discovery for years to come.
You’re not left to fend for yourself. Jaclyn provides the tools and resources you need to really understand the subject of Human Design and what your personal body graph means. She also offers other online resources and subscriptions where you can continue to gain access to more content she puts out.
Human Design is a relatively new spiritual tool, in terms of years of practice and when it was birthed into existence, but it still has the capacity to be just as expansive as anything else. I’m seeing posts about it more and more on Instagram and love to see how much it’s growing in conversations. It’s most alluring to me because there is still so much to learn, in terms of how it can be utilized.
Jenna Zoe adds a whole new layer to the table with guides on how to eat right for your type and how each type has different needs. Projectors are even described as a type that should only spend a few hours working each day, for maximum productivity. It’s a whole cosmic world out there to learn about from a new perspective!
So I did a Human Design reading, but now what?
There is so much about Human Design that I don’t know yet, and I can’t wait to explore it all more. So many spiritual guidance tools are out there, and it’s your job to find them, spend time with them, and continue to learn and grow from them. I’ve been on much of a spiritual journey myself this past year, and I’m so glad that it has lead me to Human Design. Life is so full of endless patterns, synchronicities, messages, signs, symbols and opportunities for enlightenment. I’m passionate about uncovering them all, one at a time.
Additional Resources:
Book: Human Design, by Ra Uru Hu
Podcast: Expanded Podcast with Lacy Phillips
Online courses: Rabbit Hole, Jenna Zoe
Subscription: You by Design, Interior Creature
Personal reading: 1:1 Chart Analysis, Interior CreaturePalolo Single Family Home, Diamond Head, City Views
US $1,300,000
Property featuresEmail AgentEmail Agent
- 4 bedrooms
- 3 bathrooms
- Refrigerator
- City / Strip
- Hardwood
- Dishwasher
- Range / Oven
- Ceiling Fan(s)
- Stucco
- Asphalt Shingle Roof
- Split Unit A/C
- Smoke Detector
- Blinds
- Wall to Wall Carpet
- Dryer
- QC Approved Listing
- Garage
Property descriptionSpacious well built CPR home in the heart of Palolo Valley, conveniently located close to schools, shopping, and Waialae Avenue's trendy pubs and eateries. 32 leased PV panels, split AC in every room, walk-in closet and hot tub in master bedroom, elegant marble flooring downstairs, tasteful hardwood flooring and carpet upstairs. Some photos have been virtually staged.
1347 9th Avenue #A, Honolulu, Hawaii, United States
Hawaii , Honolulu , 96816
Fill out the form below to contact the agent for any further information you may needSapele Mahogany Wood LED Lighted Display Case
$ 970.00
Product Details
Sapele Mahogany Wood LED Lighted Display Case - Wall Mounted - Large - Custom Acrylic Glass Case - Customizable Design
Are you online shopping for Wooden Model Ship Display Case? Add LED light to acrylic glass case to give your showcase that finishing touch. Built with high quality craftsmanship and design.
FEATURES
• Made with high quality Sapele Mahogany Wood, the wood grain stands out beautifully
• Cedar wood backing
• Wooden base and backing - choose your desire type of wood to match your space
• Four sided removable plexiglass
• Removable LED light bar with remote, light color can be changed, and dimmable
• A seamless design: LED Light is hidden under a custom built-in wooden slit. Created a smooth aesthetics that match the overall design. When LED is turned on a tasteful light will shine throughout the entire display
• Wall mount design to save space
• Easy to mount. Two mounting points on the box
• Custom screw hole covers that are accessorized with silver or gold accent pieces with Swarovski crystals
• OMOIBOX original design. Handcrafted and built from scratch with high quality craftsmanship in Port Washington, New York
DIMENSIONS
Length 32.5"
Height 8"
Depth 6.75".
OVERVIEW
Do you have something special to showcase? This wooden display case is completely customizable. We can build a custom display case just for you based on your needs. Size can be modified, choose your own finish, can also add lighting to the display case if desired. Perfect display case to showcase your achievements or collectibles in your home or office!
We can make any size display case up to dimensions that are within 108 combined length and girth (the length of the longest side, plus the distance around its thickest part).
If you need special sizing, please contact us.
Reviews
ConnectWild.
Eventually we envision a new web ecosystem where website developers expose more structured data in web clients, to support easier modification by end users. But Wildcard is also pragmatically designed to work with the existing websites of today, using adapters that map between the website and the table view.~One of a kind snap-back cap hand crafted with love & positive intention for a unique soul. This hat is retro fitted floral fabrics and beautiful flashy brocade. This Uplifted Mind cap includes two secret stash pockets for your convenience. These hats are festival ready, covered with a fabric protector to repel stains, spills, and water. *Please read our Return Policy before purchase.Saturday all-weather racing tips 8 February – Bets bets for Lingfield and Wolverhampton
Brian Healy gives his Saturday all-weather racing tips as he assesses the day’s cards at Lingfield and Wolverhampton.
Saturday’s fixture list of UK and Irish horse racing meetings sees two all-weather fixtures going to post with action on the Lingfield polytrack in the afternoon, and also under the floodlights in the evening where there is a meeting on tapeta at Wolverhampton.
Lingfield (flat, aw) – 1.45 – 4.40pm (6 races)
Wolverhampton (flat, aw) – 5.00 – 8.30pm (8 races)
We’ve assessed both of the day’s flat racing cards and give our Saturday all-weather racing tips and best bets for each of the two meetings taking place.)
LINGFIELD TIPS
(2.20 Lingfield)
GORING (9/2, Coral) has a decent record at this venue and might be able to get back on the scoresheet here having found only one too good the last twice.
Eve Johnson Houghton’s charge was only beaten one length over this course and distance when last seen in action three weeks ago behind Silent Attack. He meets that rival now on 3lbs better terms and could turn the tables.
With four wins and four places over course and distance from ten starts he ought to remain in the thick of the action and every chance he can get back in the winning groove here.
Trainer Eve Johnson Houghton can saddle a Lingfield winner on Saturday.
(3.30 Lingfield)
EXPRESSIONIST (2/1, William Hill) lacks a recent run, but given his connections the Night Of Thunder gelding is taken to make a winning reappearance for Charlie Appleby and Godolphin.
A debut winner last term at Ascot he was subsequently not disgraced when finishing in midfield in the Norfolk Stakes behind A’Ali. His next outing in Listed company at Sandown perhaps came too soon and he finished around five lengths’ fifth behind Liberty Beach in the Dragon Stakes.
He makes his handicap debut here where a mark of 89 looks fair and he could make a winning return to action for his in-form yard.
(4.40 Lingfield)
RENARDEAU (7/2, William Hill) is 2-2 over this course and distance, scoring back to back wins here in December and his subsequent runner-up effort behind an impressive winner at Wolverhampton on Boxing Day was better than it appeared.
The winner looked a well-handicapped sort as he bolted up by nine lengths; that form has since been boosted by the winner and fourth both posting subsequent wins and the Foxwege gelding might be capable of mounting a bounce-back returned to this surface.
Still unexposed on polytrack he is 4lbs higher here than his latest run. But he has the plum inside draw to work from and the prominent racer can go close from the front.
1.45 – Toro Dorado
2.20 – Goring
2.55 – Royal Dynasty
3.30 – Expressionist
4.05 – New Arrival
4.40 – Renardeau
WOLVERHAMPTON TIPS
(6.00 Wolverhampton)
A wide berth perhaps isn’t ideal for CHOOKIE DUNEDIN’s (6/1, William Hill) hat-trick bid, but Keith Dalgleish’s charge can defy his draw to rack up a three-timer and fourth win in five starts.
The Epaulette gelding 3-4 on the Wolverhampton tapeta, latterly running out a ready two lengths’ winner over Big Lachie over six furlongs last month. He goes back up in trip here but the extra furlong is of no concern and he won over this distance last October.
A 5lbs rise in the weights demands a shade more, but he has won off higher in the past and every chance he can remain competitive in this contest where he can register another success.
(7.00 Wolverhampton)
MARCELA DE VEGA (SP) has progressed with each start, improving for the step up in trip over course and distance latest where the Lope De Vega filly was beaten only a neck behind Waleydd and finding only that rival too strong.
The front pair had pulled five lenths clear and Ralph Beckett’s charge sets a solid standard on that run so may be able to get off the mark here given she is open to further improvement.
This is competitive with a noteworthy newcomer from the in-form Charlie Appley yard, while fellow Godolphin inmate Kingswear should progress from his debut fourth. But the selection boasts the best form and she has shown race-by-race progress so this could be her time to open her account.
Trainer Ralph Beckett can saddle a Wolverhampton winner.
(8.00 Wolverhampton)
LONG CALL (13/2, William Hill) wasn’t seen to best effect last time out at Chelmsford, slowly away but running on late although he had no chance to land a blow in that contest.
A dual winner on turf last term at around this longer trip, Tony Carroll’s charge could quickly bounce back from that lesser effort now trying a tapeta surface for the first time.
While he probably has little room to manoeuvre from his current mark he should nevertheless give a good account if getting away on terms this time around, while the booking of Ben Curtis is a positive and no surprise to see a bold bid to get back on the scoresheet here.
5.00 – Carribean Spring
5.30 – Windsorlot
6.00 – Chookie Dunedin
6.30 – Lets Go Lucky
7.00 – Marcela De Vega
7.30 – Watchable
8.00 – Long Call
8.30 – Hooflepuff)431 S Dearborn St
Chicago, IL 60605
Architecture and Historical Buildings
Cultural History
Urban History
Created by Kalen Martin-Gross on November 13th 2018, 3:17:34 pm.
Last updated by Kalen Martin-Gross on November 19th 2018, 11:36:12 am.
This walking tour includes two dozen historically significant Chicago buildings and landmarks in the heart fo the Loop. The tour starts on La Salle Street and follows Dearborn, State, and Michigan Avenue.
After the Great Chicago Fire leveled the city in 1871, the residents had a unique opportunity to completely rebuild from the ground up. The next two decades witnessed an explosion of architectural advancements in construction height and design, which resulted in the birth of the modern-day skyscraper. The architectural style of these early skyscrapers is known as the 19th Century Commercial. This style features a steel frame, a modest cornice, and large bands of windows. The tour begins with one of the world's first steel-frame buildings, the Reliance Building. The tour continues down through the Loop with stops at the Marquette Building, the Railway Exchange (now known as the Motorola Building), and the Monadnock Building. The tour concludes with the architecturally innovative Manhattan Building.
This walking tour begins at the Chicago Hilton and includes stops at some of the city's other historic hotels to provide plenty of opportunities for rest and refreshments. The tour heads north along the west side of Michigan Avenue, so please be sure to check out the walking tours for Grant Park or customize this tour to include landmarks such as the Cloud Gate or the Art Institute of Chicago. After reaching the Palmer House, the tour turns west and then south along Dearborn, returning users near their starting point while offering additional stops at some of the city's most famous buildings and public art installations along the way. The tour concludes near its starting point at Dearborn Station, just two blocks from the Hilton Chicago and Blackstone Hotel where the tour began. Enjoy historic Chicago!
This walking tour includes over two dozen historically significant Chicago buildings and landmarks in the heart fo the Loop. The tour starts on La Salle Street and follows Dearborn, State, and Michigan Avenue.
Chicago tourMarshmellowMembers
Posts285
Joined
Last visited
Content Type
Profiles
Forums
Calendar
Everything posted by Marshmellow
The Bubbly Bitcoin Thread -- Merged Threads
Marshmellow replied to NatterJackToad's topic in House prices and the economyMore angry and negative Bitcoin only exists today because of the pizza With bitcoin the plan is now to put it in a wallet and do nothing with it for 5 years, until you dump on someone else
The Bubbly Bitcoin Thread -- Merged Threads
Marshmellow replied to NatterJackToad's topic in House prices and the economy215k unconfirmed transactions. These channels are never going to exist. Everything you posted in this thread is comes across as angry and spiteful. It's over
The Bubbly Bitcoin Thread -- Merged Threads
Marshmellow replied to NatterJackToad's topic in House prices and the economyThe 10000 BTC pizza kick started bitcoin but now the plan is to just HODL BTC for the next 10 years and do literally nothing with it? No one who actually sends crypto currency bothers to use BTC. Unless you use a proper wallet it’s just going to get ‘hacked’ well before the devs implement their store of value vision or whatever it is.
The Bubbly Bitcoin Thread -- Merged Threads
Marshmellow replied to NatterJackToad's topic in House prices and the economyI think there needs to be some kind of system that allows wallets to vote for who has the right to be a miner. Then the users can actually control the network. If one of these forks allowed me to vote for my miner from my wallet, I might consider buying it. But probably miners have all the BTC anyway and will just vote themselves in.
The Bubbly Bitcoin Thread -- Merged Threads
Marshmellow replied to NatterJackToad's topic in House prices and the economyI don't think any of this helps Bitcoin at all. Clearly the coin doesn't work, which is why there is all this drama and it's really looking scammy. It just seems to be mining cartels having wars with eachother. It's probably going to rocket to the moon but it feels like this could be the beginning of the end. Kind of like when the Sex Pistols went on Bill Grundy. The next day they became the biggest band in the world, but barely played another show after and imploded into a farce.
The Bubbly Bitcoin Thread -- Merged Threads
Marshmellow replied to NatterJackToad's topic in House prices and the economyThis is the consequence of Bitcoin being completely unusable Bitcoin is finished and Bitcoin Cash will take over However to be honest I think both Bitcoins might be dead at this point. Alts will probably tank in the short term if BCH takes over since we will see the FOMO to end all FOMO. But after that who knows
The Bubbly Bitcoin Thread -- Merged Threads
Marshmellow replied to NatterJackToad's topic in House prices and the economy If that is true that crypto is going to crash hard
The Bubbly Bitcoin Thread -- Merged Threads
Marshmellow replied to NatterJackToad's topic in House prices and the economyThat pizza, bought with bitcoin, would take 3 hours to buy and you pay 5% extra in transaction fees. Cryptocurrency is unstoppable but bitcoin in its current form might not be. Maybe it's fine just to have bitcoin as digital gold just storing value, but it's hard to see it being preferred for everyday use over 10+ other coins that are usable and not held to ransom by mining cartels.
The Bubbly Bitcoin Thread -- Merged Threads
Marshmellow replied to NatterJackToad's topic in House prices and the economyThe inherent problem with bitcoin is that it is completely unusable. Try to send one. It will sometimes take days and the fees are crazy. That's why BCH happened To be honest I dont have much bitcoin but those who did were probably shitting themselves that it goes to zero. Unless the fees and transaction times are fixed, another coin will eventually take over. I can't see it getting adoption when you pay 10% transaction fees and your money is lost and unusable for days.
- My university is not in the UK, but it is in Northern Europe And yes I voted for brexit
- Yep They are so thick it's unreal. The top 5% of China is larger than the ENTIRE population of the UK/Germany/Scandinavia etc It's so obvious that the ones that actually do real work will just take that experience and skills straight back to China. In fact I've seen it happen. And in most of these funding organisations you will see some line about how the funds are also supposed to contribute to jobs, advancing of skills in the nation, enhancing the competitiveness of our companies etc etc This same Professor gave an interview in a newspaper article about how they now have to compete against China for funding. And I thought to myself, 80% of the funding you got in this country is already spent on giving jobs to China. What the hell did you think would happen eventually?
- A Professor who I work for put 6 random chinese in my office. 6 to a room that is supposed to hold 2. They were sharing desks and laptops, I would sometimes come into work and find random chinese people sitting on my desk working. They would be there from 8 in the morning until midnight. Eating there, watching films there etc. They all share rooms with eachother for probably £100 a month I spoke to the professor who was 'employing' them and saying how it was a joke. His response was 'they earn less money than you so they have more right to work here'. So I asked 'how much do you earn then?', since he was probably on over 100k a year and I know he has a million pound house. Needless to say I am now unemployed. He was my Professors 'boss' and overruled him when my contract ran out. Why employ me when you can employ 3 chinese for the same price who will each publish 10 papers a year to enhance his own career, compared to my 1 paper and 2 patents.
- I think you are wrong When push comes to shove, 'white brits' who actually live, grow up, and have families in high immigrant areas overwhelmingly support hardline immigration policies. Its only because they are so outnumbered that you dont see it
UK will be forced up to accept Refugees banned from US
Marshmellow replied to Mikhail Liebenstein's topic in Current affairs...
- what we need is a coup, a violent one
- told you we will never leave
Pound goes to new lows
Marshmellow replied to The Masked Tulip's topic in House prices and the economyi hope it properly tanks
The Bubbly Bitcoin Thread -- Merged Threads
Marshmellow replied to NatterJackToad's topic in House prices and the economyWhat about alternatives to bitcoin?
- Are you that much of a dumb **** that you dont realise that almost all those things happened in the rest of Western Europe?
- I just bought an apartment in a town in northern Europe Everywhere where there is any chance of work is going up. Copenhagen prices are like London. Denmark is rising, Germany is rising, Sweden is rising (see my other thread) Yeah if you go 25km outside the town I bought in, there are houses there are for sale for 2+ years and wont shift. But in my opinion, in any town 200k+ people where there is chance of getting a job, the prices will go up Everyone is clambering to get into these places. There is no work anywhere else It might go down in the short term, but in say 15-20years, everyone will want to live here. Thats what I see in my town in Northern Europe Look at the shit people live in in megacities in China. That is what we are competing with and our governments have no intention is changing it
- House prices are up all over every town in Northern Europe Probably also in any part of the world that isn't a shithole There is too much demand, and in 10 years there won't be anyone around that can properly remember when you could buy a 1bed flat for your 1x your salary
The City Where You Will Never Find A Home
Marshmellow replied to Marshmellow's topic in House prices and the economyIt amazes me that these articles on the BBC always are written with a feel good factor Almost as if this situation is somehow 'cool' This is our future
The City Where You Will Never Find A Home
Marshmellow posted a topic in House prices and the economy sounds VIBRANT, sounds DIVERSE
- From visiting it I reckon: All floors need to be refinished All walls need replastering Bathroom needs renovating completely That's probably 15k extra and the hassle of organising it all. Also if any buyer reads the owners association documents, the building will be replacing the windows and renovating the roof and facade in the next 2-3 years. WHich unless they sell the attic to convert to an apartment will probably add 100k of common debt split between the 15 owners. The apartment gives off the aura of neglect. It is in my opinion the best location, the whole area in front is being renovated with new builds and its 1minute walk to the train station and the main bus stop where EVERY bus goes through in the whole of the north In this price range the market is either parents buying for their kids while at university (and using the student loan to pay the rent for the 'mortgage'), or young professionals buying as a stop gap until they move on. Neither of which really want to spend time doing the apartment up. Property (particularly apartments) is going up here. Two years ago everything was probably 15-20% cheaper. I don't know why anybody wouldn't want to live in small northern european towns. I decided to just wait a few days, if it gets old it gets sold. There are larger apartments 3km outside the city centre for similar price. Seeing as I cycle absolutely everywhere, I don't really give a shit about that 3km. It's pure vanity and worrying if I have to sell it quickly that leads me to want one in the centre.
- Id buy it for 145k 148k makes me thinkRed Barn Christmas panel set of two
$43.99 Regular Price
$37.39Sale Price
Two panels in each package, one with quotes, one with red blocks. Each mesaure 36" x 54". Use for two nice quilts or cut apart and combine for one larger quilt. Use each block separately for pillows, runners, banners or framed art! Place a red block and a quote back-to-back for a very cool pillow!.This section provides a thorough introduction to acquired brain injury. Many people say they hadn’t heard of acquired brain injury before someone close to them was affected.
Read about the brain, and how it may be affected, along with causes (traumatic and non-traumatic) and types of acquired brain injury. This section also covers brain injury in infants and babies and concussion.Concerned Philosophers for Peace
Here is the program schedule:
VIRTUAL CONFERENCE
October 29-30, 2021
Fragile Lands, Power Politics: Effects of Violence and Injustice on People, Politics, and the Environment
Keynote Adress from John Nolt, University of Tennessee
We’re inviting papers that address the violence and injustice that make our world fragile and leave people, the environment, and non-humans vulnerable. We especially welcome this papers that help us to understand and create pathways to peace and justice. Papers in any philosophical tradition are encouraged.
Topics might include, but are not limited to:
Political challenges for peace: authoritarianism, lawlessness, democracies under threat, territorial borders, failing international treaties, etc.
Environmental challenges: climate change, environmental justice, environmental racism, role of the government, violence of pseudoscience, habitat erosion, “invasive” species, resource extraction, speciesism, land management and use, ocean management and use, etc.
Social challenges: homelessness, poverty, domestic violence, insecurity, systemic injustice, animal justice, gentrification and creation of “artificial” green spaces, hostile architecture, commodification of outdoor recreation, children in nature, etc.
Personal challenges: activism, inaction, fear, coercion, manipulation, privatization of environmental concern/action, raising children, etc.
Exemplars of nonviolence: exemplars of moral courage, good stewardship, successful nonviolent movements, peace-making, etc. we are committed to making this year’s conference inclusive and welcoming to all.
**There will be a $200 prize for the best graduate student paper, plus a monetary prize for best undergraduate student paper **
(Please indicate if you are a graduate or undergraduate student when you submit your abstract)
Submission Guidelines
Submit: an abstract (with bibliography) of no more than 500 words, prepared for blind review
Send to: Rachel Dichter (rdichter@nd.edu) and Court Lewis (cdlewis1@pstcc.edu)
Write: “CPP 2021 submission” in subject line
Deadline: August 1, 2021
Format: submit only files in .doc, .docx, or .pdf.
Include: name, institutional affiliation, e-mail address, and paper title in the body of your e-mail (if you are a graduate or undergraduate student and would like to be considered for a graduate student award, indicate that in your email).
Acceptance notices will be sent by September 1, 2021
About Concerned Philosophers for Peace
Concerned Philosophers for Peace is the largest, most active organization of professional philosophers in North America involved in the analysis of the causes of violence and prospects for peace. More information at Concerned Philosophers for Peace website, our Facebook page, and our YouTube channel.In middle of the IPL 2020 season, Star Sports is all set to broadcast the French Open 2020 Grand Slam tennis action LIVE. French Open will be last Grand Slam of the season badly impacted by Covid-19 and starts from Monday.
According to the information available with InsideSport, Star Sports has managed to sign CEAT as Co-Presenting partner for the tournament played on Red-Clay.
In the Men’s section, apart from injured Roger Federer all the top players including 12 time champion Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic and recently crowned US Open champion Dominique Thieme will be seen in action.
Nadal will start as outright favorite with 12 of the last 15 titles already under his belt.
In the women’s singles the line up looks little depleted as US Open Champions Naomi Osaka, world no.1 ranked player Ash Barty and Bianca Andreescu already has pulled out of the event.
The three-time major champion Osaka already.”
The biggest talking point in the Women Singles would be whether Serena Williams in the absence of Osaka can win her record equalling 24th Grand Slam tournament or not ?City guides
United States of America
New Mexico
Albuquerque Climate and Weather
The weather in Albuquerque is generally dry and sunny all year, although temperature variations between winter and summer are fairly extreme. During the summer months Albuquerque is extremely hot, with the mercury rising to well over 90ºF (32ºC) most days, particularly during June and July. By contrast, winters are cold and daytime temperatures can plummet to below freezing during December and January.>><<
Brass Grease Fittings.Our latest research, presented in the The New Key Opinion Leader is Here report — written in partnership with Tony Wang and with data from TD Reply — evaluates how a new generation of Chinese Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs) are growing up on a different set of platforms and changing the rules of influencer marketing. We call them Cultural Opinion Leaders (COLs). Driven by Gen Z culture, COLs will set the tone going forward for how brands navigate influence in China and beyond. Here, we’re sharing an exclusive look at some of the insights retrieved from a series of conducted interviews with prominent experts on how influence is created, and shifting, in the Chinese market.
While Millennials in China represent the largest annual spend per capita on luxury goods at ¥41,000 RMB compared to Gen Z’s ¥25,000 RMB (or $6,350 vs $3,870), Gen Z consumers are already on par with their Gen X counterparts, and they’re only getting started. The majority of Gen Z consumers in China have only started purchasing luxury fashion in the past year.
This makes understanding what exactly drives influence among Chinese Gen Z luxury consumers increasingly imperative for brands. And as far as the influencer economy goes, the next generation of KOLs will reflect the shifting values of China’s Gen Z consumer.
What’s certain is that, for them, Chinese culture is part of global culture. They’re less interested in showing an aspirational and manicured representation of their lifestyle, and are more driven by fostering community around specific topics, niches, and aesthetics that interest them.
To better get a broader sense of the cultural zeitgeist for China’s Gen Z fashion and streetwear consumers, we spoke with Edison Chen about the role China’s youth will play in catalyzing the country’s cultural scene forward. Chen is a Canadian-born Hong Kong actor, singer, rapper, fashion designer, and entrepreneur, as well as the founder and creative director of CLOT, a streetwear and fashion label, and founder of multi-brand store JUICE.
Here, Chen talks about how Chinese Gen Z creatives will increasingly become an important contributor to global street culture, the rise of the creative scene in some of China’s biggest cities, and his expansion plans for CLOT in the country.
Tony Wang: Edison, tell us more about your expansion plans in China for CLOT.
Edison Chen: I’m interested in finding the next generation of young Chinese designers and creators. Creatives who I can collaborate with and nurture, and create products with an actual purpose that are culturally relevant. Because China has been more open during the pandemic last year, CLOT and JUICE have taken off in a really good way. We’re trying to break even further into the Chinese market and do more collaborations locally.
What are the key cities that you want to break into, in order to grow?
We’re already in Tier 1 cities, so when we looked at the expansion plans for CLOT and our other creative projects, we found ourselves increasingly attracted to cities like Shenzhen, Xi’an Chengdu, Guangzong, and beyond. The next wave of culture is going to be interesting and we want to be in the creative hubs of tomorrow. While they might supposedly be less developed, it’s out of the lack of resources that will create the greatest boost in creativity. Like the rose that grew from concrete, I think these locations are where on-the-ground local culture will be strongest and we’ll find future talent to nurture and help support.
Have you noticed any cultural shifts in the country for a younger generation?
The narrative is changing, and I’ve seen this really accelerate in the past 18 months. People are starting to believe in themselves, that they can influence culture on an international level. There’s a new wave of cultural KOLs in the country – everyone before was just following trends and they become KOLs because they can parrot it back. But new KOLs are going to be doing dope shit, and [just] not be influential because they have dope shit.
Even on the streets, people are starting to dress in non-traditional but also personalized ways. It reminds me of the energy you found – and still find — in Japan when it comes to street style.
What are some key differences between influencers in the West and KOLs in China?
Western influencers are recognized for their perspective, whereas traditional KOLs in China are recognized for their following. But I believe the next generation of KOLs in China are going to create culture — combining domestic and international references online and then translating it into something of their own making.
It’s now finally coming back to the community and building it. While there are very few street crews in China, I believe that will change in the coming years, with youth being more open to collaborating and energizing each other. You just gotta find the real motherfuckers. Lots of KOLs are chosen by agencies and incubators; their influence isn’t really earned. Sure, you can sign boy bands time and time again and churn them out, but that’s not sustainable for the scene.
So what makes new Cultural Opinion Leaders (COLs) credible is that they’ll contribute to global culture?
Yes, entirely. China used to look towards and copy Western culture, but now that’s changing. Younger creatives are understanding they have an important voice for the future and have to believe in themselves. We have to kick down these doors and let them have that voice.
Of course, in China, there are a lot of sensitive topics. So when it comes to culture, it’s this game where you have to know the rules, and then you have to get creative around them. For example, I did a Jordan project around the Terracotta warriors. There was some cultural sensitivity around a Western brand turning a national treasure into a product, so we had to be very mindful during the process. In Western media you can be more flippant and irreverent, but in China you’ll get banned if you’re not sensitive to these kinds of cultural matters.
Within the next decade or two, you’ll see a lot of global music, cinema, and art come from China. This to me is part of China’s natural cultural progression, from an import to an export country. People are starting to care (both domestically and internationally) about what Chinese people are thinking and their point of view on culture.
For access to the complete report and to enroll in a 10-day email series breaking down key findings, sign up here.Lisa Furukawa is a Japanese American pianist/singer-songwriter who originally hails from Tokyo. She started studying piano at the age of three and frequently translates popular songs into Japanese. Her music style covers Japanese folk, electronica and alternative pop. She has been performing since 2000 and has released three albums: This Moment Is The Show (2001), Pearl Diver (2005) and Reaching the Dragon (2006). Furukawa also has BA’s in Music and Asian Studies from UNC-Chapel Hill.
Here she is performing her own rendition of Lynryd Skynyrd’s Sweet Home Alabama.
[youtube=]Question: How Much Do Football Visors Cost?
Football Visors / Football Eye Shields
2
Contents
- 1 Are football visors worth it?
- 2 Are football visors legal?
- 3 Which football visor is the best?
- 4 What are football visors for?
- 5 Can NFL players wear visors?
- 6 Are NFL visors prescription?
- 7 Can u wear a tinted visor in middle school?
- 8 What visors can you wear in the NFL?
- 9 Are tinted visors allowed in the NCAA?
- 10 Do Nike visors fog up?
- 11 Do all visors fit all helmets?
- 12 Do visors fit any helmet?
- 13 Why are NFL visors pink?
- 14 Who wore the first football visor?
Are football visors worth it?
Visors aren’t required, but they are a good additional extra, that’s worth purchasing for many reasons: safety, ease of play, and to prevent the other team from ‘reading’ potential next moves.
Are football visors legal?
Football visors have been around since the 1980s, but recent rules made completely tinted visors illegal. In college and high school, dark tinted visors are illegal. All visors are at the referee and training staff’s discretion whether or not they can be worn.
Which football visor is the best?
The 10 Best Football Visors
- Under Armour Men’s Football Visor.
- Arsenal Clear Football Visor.
- EliteTek Color Football Visor.
- Sports Unlimited Universal Football Visor.
- Sleefs Borealis Color Tinted Visor.
- Barnett Football and Lacrosse Helmet Visor. Save.
- Unique Sports Eye Shield. Save.
- Schutt Sports Optics Elite Eye Shield. Save.
What are football visors for?
A football visor is designed to reduce glare and other distractions. They also help protect your eyes from rain, dirt, dust, grass and other debris, so you can keep your vision sharp during gameplay.
Can NFL players.
Are NFL visors prescription?.
Can u wear a tinted visor in middle school?
Only “100% Clear” visors are accepted as legal for high school GAME use. There is no rule against using tinted or colored visors outside of game use. Check with your coach to see if he allows them.
What visors can you wear in the NFL?
Clear – Clear visors are the standard visor that’s legal for on-field play in the NFL. As of 2019, the rules have changed, and players may only wear Oakley-branded visors. Smoke Grey – While completely black tint is illegal without a medical exemption, the NFL does allow smoke grey visors.
Are tinted visors allowed in the NCAA?
In the NFL following a doctors note, AND league approval, players may wear tinted visors(black or gray in color). Per all high school and NCAA rules, tinted visors are illegal, no exceptions.
Do Nike visors fog up?.
Do all visors fit all helmets?
Do visors fit any style helmet or do you have to match them together? Customer Service: Visors fit most styles of helmets/facemasks. If the facemask is a big grill style, you may need to attach the visor with ties instead of the included clips.
Do visors fit any helmet?.
Why are NFL visors pink?.
Who wore the first football visor?
McDaniel is believed to be the first NFL player to wear a tinted visor on his helmet. McDaniel played 12 seasons for the Vikings before finishing his career with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.Bycom IBC liner comes together with PP woven fabric to provide extra strength and protective external layer to protect the liner against external impact. With special folding method, Bycom IBC liner has eliminated the need of special equipment during loading and it prevents leaking during shipping and storage. Bycom IBC liner is typically constructed with two layers of LLDPE liners and contains co-ex nylon sheet for aseptic and oxygen-barrier applications. The standard dimension is 140 x 102 x 102cm (H). The loading capacity is up to 2,000 litres depending on the bag design. Various sizes are also available as it can be tailor made to suit customers’ requirements.In a sense, I am a great believer in the concept of naivety. Not in the sense of being uninformed. But in the sense of the value of someone taking an entirely fresh look at things. If there can be value in my approaching a history of international relations, it may be that I have not attempted to do so before. So what may be familiar to many will be entirely new to me and I can perhaps produce a perspective that is valuable because it is entirely original and fresh.
Culturally speaking, however, it seems that in Ireland the amount of interest in international relations in the country from historians of statecraft is far less than the amount of discourse provided by the existence of numerous ‘non-governmental organisation’ (NGO) type groupings. While there are not many, academic writers on international relations in an Irish context tend to reflect this, whether they address questions of humanitarian organisations or even the question of patriotism, where there is a sense that patriotism is a matter for NGOs rather than governments. There are, of course, ‘NGOs’ and NGOs. If one ignores for the moment the notion of a publicly registered charity and the like, this is a concept that can be expanded to include all sorts of phenomenon; perhaps even the history of Irish freemasonry, which, in contrast to reputed experiences elsewhere, evidently served as an instrument of empire far more so than an expression of intellectual diversity or freedom of thought (the fascinating side of freemasonry). The sense of the centrality of ‘NGOs’ to the Irish political experience has also coloured writings on the Irish revolution and the soul-searching of those writers who find it impossible to explain outrages committed, particularly during 1922. Culturally speaking, one could sum up the tenor of such writings by noting that one can find statements such as if a petite nun gives a drink of water to a starving African child she is not merely a good Christian, she is also an Irish patriot. However, if a burly soldier blows the brains out of a man who is attempting to destroy the Irish government, then that soldier is neither a defender of law and order nor a patriot: he is quite simply a murderer.
A lot of these attitudes probably date back to the nineteenth century, when people were taught by supposedly ‘patriotic’ priests that arms-bearing was morally wrong under all circumstances, but they most probably stem from the fact that Ireland’s struggle for independence in the early 20th century involved entirely part-time volunteer forces (another type of ‘NGO’?) standing in moral opposition to highly professional military forces; almost a David and Goliath situation. As a result, when the necessity arose that there should be a highly professional Irish military force, many found this to be a mental adjustment that was too difficult to make. Some memoir writers have indicated, indirectly, that the ongoing existence to this day of a culture of ‘the RA’ is but an expression of this ongoing cultural reality, as is Irish governments’ unwillingness to operate anything more than a meagre defence budget. If so, however, then one might be tempted to judge that professional opinion in the country may be serving only to sustain this situation by an unwillingness to see patriotism as anything more than a cultural issue of identity. One might also be tempted to judge that promoting that identity is considered by the state as a matter for NGOs as much or perhaps even more so than the state itself. Such are the dynamics of Irish political culture, perhaps.
I wonder sometimes if this means that people have NGOs on the brain a little too much; a trend perhaps encouraged by the fact that, reputedly at the insistence of (bfo) academia in Britain, Irish political history is not generally recognised to be a distinct subject outside of Ireland. Economic historians of Ireland usually treat social questions such as fertility rates and the social status of women: they do not generally address the question of national fiscal policy. Cultural historians of Ireland address the constitutional status of the presidency, and then what do political historians do? There is no easy answer to that. But focusing on what they do not do can perhaps be instructive. There are many histories of ‘the RA’. They are little or no histories of the army of the Republic of Ireland. There are articles written on aspects of the history of the Irish department of foreign affairs. However, there is very little written that places the history of Irish foreign affairs in the context of the political history of international relations, which is not the same thing as ‘IR theory’. There are memoirs of civil servants whose contents seem to reflect the fact that very few histories of the Irish civil service exist. The wherewithal to produce anything more than the most fragmentary of narratives must have a root somewhere but, wherever it has been (if it has been), this root has not necessarily produced much fruit. Foreign policies reflect states in all sorts of ways. I have not hitherto been a historian of the twentieth-century Irish state. But it could be that no better synthesis of the history of that state can be achieved than by producing a political history of Irish international relations that actually has a full sense of context. So be it.France’s neo-Nazi National Front Party is already working to capitalize on nationalistic and racist sentiment in the wake of yesterday’s terror attack by Islamic extremists. Via.
PREVIOUSLY ON JMG: Last month the Kremlin lent the National Front €9M in the first installment of a reported €40M payment presumably meant to help tilt France’s government to the far right. The National Front is a backer of the anti-gay Manif Pour Tous and has supported its numerous, vicious and often violent rallies, as have hate group leaders Brian Brown and Tony Perkins. Founder Jean-Marie Le Pen has been convicted six times for inciting racial hatred, including for denying that the Holocaust took place. Last year he “joked” that his critics, who include Madonna, will be in the next “batch” headed for the gas chambers. He has also “joked” that ebola is the “solution” to Europe’s immigration problems. In 2013 Le Pen’s daughter, Marine Le Pen, herself a failed candidate for France’s presidency, praised the man who committed suicide at Notre Dame Cathedral in protest of same-sex marriage. In February of last year Le Pen’s granddaughter, 24 year-old Marion Maréchal-Le Pen, led a massive anti-gay march through the streets of Paris. In January of last year the youth leader for the National Front called for France to institute anti-gay laws similar to those in Russia.177?
226..
1877 days ago
What percentage of the population is gay, or LGB as we are now meant to say? Surveys in the US suggest that most of us think that the number is quite large, perhaps one in ten. Certainly if one looks at popular soap operas in the UK the gayers are everywhere which is no doubt how the liberal media elite think they need to reflect reality. But hang on...
An ONS study out this week showed that just 1.7% of the population think they are LGB. Among 16-24 year olds the number is 3.3%. As a tolerant liberal I do not think that there is some "evil homo plot" to "convert" us all to becoming friends of Dorothy. So I am minded to believeSometimes, in order to take a brilliant photo, you don’t need the best camera or the biggest talent in the world, although these definitely help. But sometimes, as you can see in the images below, it is just great to be in the right place at the right time and take the photo from the right angle. The results can be extremely hilarious and I hope that you’ll enjoy them all!
Check out 15 amazing photos shot at the perfect moment, from the perfect angle below and if you enjoy them, don’t forget to share this page with your friends:
If you enjoyed these funny images, please help us by sharing them on your favorite social network using the buttons to the right and don’t hesitate to subscribe to our RSS feed or Like us on Facebook to receive updates every time we post new content!For screen reader problems with this website, please call209-832-27112 0 9 8 3 2 2 7 1 1Standard carrier rates apply to texts.
Bring a lush, romantic character to any space. Showcasing a traditional motif with updated accents, this trundle daybed is a great choice for a compact space. Gorgeous pearlescent grey leatherette provides a romantic upholstered finish with a hint of glamour. Charming tufting on its bed surface and curved headboard deliver an elegant silhouette. Slat kits are included for the mattress and the built-in trundle..Dear Customer...Please click All Products to see our entire products listing
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
Availability: In stock
Product type: cookware
Vendor: Teamnature.in
Regular price
Rs. 800.00
Unniappam is a delicious and sweet traditional snack mainly in Kerala which is basically deep-fried rice sweet fritter. A special vessel is used to make the uniiappam to get its shape.
Unni appam made in cast iron Uniiyappam chatti tastes great than in non stick Appam maker. Unlike non-stick Chatti, it is one time investment on it as it can be used for many years when taken care well.
Our Cast Iron Unniappam chatti is 100% pure iron, safe to use and has no chemicals. The thickness and quality of our cast iron Chatti gives it longer life, higher iron contents, retains heat longer and consumes less oil.
How to season a new Cast Unniyappam Chatti
For longer and better usage of the Unniyappam Chatti, follow these too..
There are two varieties of Unniyappam Chattis - 1 with 5 pits and another with 7 pits.
Dimensions (Approx):
5 pits - Weight - 2 Kg, Pit Diameter - 5 cm, Diameter - 18 cm
7 pits - Weight - 2.5 Kg, Pit Diameter - 5 cm, Diameter - 18 cm
translation missing: en.cart.general.error
Added to cart successfully. What's next?
Product type: 1
1 x $00.00
Availability
Product type
Vendor65%
26%
4%
4%
Up to three customers can treat themselves to a pizza with their choice of toppings accompanied by a glass of house wine or beer
Located right by the Ilac Shopping Centre, Café Cucina is a convenient stop for shoppers and other visitors to Dublin. Decorated in a classic manner with photos adorning the walls and red and white checkered cloth on the tables, this Italian eatery reminds guests of the importance of traditional family dinners. The menu offers a range of flavours with well-known pasta dishes, pizzas and others. Customers can choose to complete their meal with a choice of spirits, including a rich selection of wines.News
A collection of restaurant related news from all over South Africa happening experiences on a day and time that works for them, and even stay over if they so choose. So fill your social calendar with these must-try activities!
High Tea in the City
“The need to reconnect with family and friends in a safe, luxurious space during lockdown is real. Our High Tea in the City has been designed for groups to safely gather in their own private space either inside at their own table or outside while soaking up the fresh air and summer rays by the pool,” says Andrew van Hasselt, GM of the DAVINCI Hotel and Suites.
Available from 14h00 – 17h00 every weekend, High Tea in the City offers a full buffet with a mixture of savoury and sweet delectables, a selection of premium coffees, teas and a private label MCC to toast.
Sparkling Saturdays
“Sparkling Saturdays is a wonderful morning out for both the ladies and their gents. You can choose to lie in and brunch later in the morning or end off your busy shopping spree in Sandton in our quiet oasis,” says Andrew.
Available from 11h00 – 13h00 every Saturday, guests can also enjoy a complimentary glass of Klein Zalze MCC while they feast off the luxury buffet on offer.
Date Night
“As the first property to introduce the date night concept to Sandton, we have certainly waxed it when it comes to throwing out all the romantic stops,” says Andrew.
Available on the first and last Thursday of every month, Date Night is an opportunity for all couples, young and old, to get out and be spoiled in the city. Offering a four-course meal and a bottle of wine to share, couples can relax and enjoy each other in an ambient, candlelit setting and even choose to stayover instead of rushing home for curfew.
Pairing Menu
Finally, one of the most exciting new additions to the DAVINCI’s offering is the pairing menu. The hotel has partnered with Le Bonheur wines to bring you a beautifully paired small plates with some of the restaurant and wine farm’s pre-selected finest on offer. Available daily on request in Maximillien Restaurant or DAVINCI Lounge, the pairing menu is a real reason to treat yourself and others to a fine meal in a beautiful space.
Maximillien Restaurant
Sandton Central, Gauteng American, Bistro, Cocktails, Fine Dining, International, Seafood, Wine bar
Maximillien Restaurant is situated in the heart of Sandton’s commercial and retail district. The Restaurant serves a sophisticated menu in a stylish atmosphere with soft lighting and...Some Theatre Company at The Bangor Mall
663 Stillwater Ave, Bangor, ME
sometheatreinfo@gmail.com
"Little...but fierce"
PERFORMANCE DATES February 24- March 6 2022!
“Effervescent candy for the spirit!” – New York Magazine
“Adults as well as children are likely to find SpongeBob absorbing.” – The Telegraph
“It wants you to have fun. Soak it in.” – Time Out New Y.
AUDITIONS
Mon Dec 13th 6 -10
Tue Dec 14th 6 - 10
Callbacks Wed Dec 15th 6 -10
Please park in the rear lot opposite Unos and use our stage door, located behind the Furniture , Mattress and More Delivery Dock. We are opposite G-Forces late-night entry door.
Auditions will consist of three phases:
MUSIC: 16 bars of same style Broadway song or appropriate style rock or pop song. Backing tracks are welcome. A Bluetooth speaker and cord will be available. CHECK OUT THIS WEBSITE - they offer suggestions for each SB character to sing -
DANCE: be prepared to learn a musical theatre routine, so bring appropriate attire.
CHARACTER SONGS: We will ask you to sing specific character songs from the show (see below for selections so you can practice.)
We are looking for an energetic, diverse group of performers to bring The SpongeBob Musical to life. We are especially interested in performers with eclectic backgrounds: musicians, gymnasts, acrobats, magicians, comedians, stilt walkers etc.
• Variety in look with all ethnicities, body types
• Versatility in acting range, with the ability to play more than one character, including characters of contrasting ages.
• Actors who have a desire to learn, grow and try.
• Friendly people who work hard.
• Commitment to the show and rehearsal process.
• A good attitude.
ALL ROLES ARE OPEN TO ALL GENDERS AND AGES 15+
SpongeBob SquarePants (Lead+): Optimistic, innocent, and energetic (sometimes hyperactive.) This role is best suited for an extremely physical actor. Comedic skills and strong work ethic a plus. Pop tenor.
Patrick Star (Lead +): Well-intentioned but lacking common sense or skills; kind and somewhat clueless, an innocent; a big softie, who can also be prone to sudden child-like fits of rage or frustration. Baritenor.
Sandy Cheeks (Lead, Mezzo-Soprano, Alto,. She is the brains behind the operation. Girl Power.
Squidward Q. Tentacles (Lead, 25+): Grumpy, cynical, dry, short-tempered, generally negative but lovable nonetheless. Squidward must move well. The ability to TAP dance is a huge plus. Baritone/Baritenor
Sheldon J. Plankton (Lead, 18+): His personality outweighs his size- slick, scheming, nefarious; has the ability to charm; determined, he will do anything to get ahead in life; very greedy, but his heart is still open enough to rekindle a romance with his wife. Must be able to dance. The ability to mumble rap is a big plus.
Eugene Crabs (Lead, 25+):.
Karen the Computer (Supporting; Soprano, Mezzo-Soprano, Alto; 18+): Needs to be able to beat-box, or, have the ability to learn. Glamorous, a robotic housewife of Plankton. She's been there for Plankton's every scheme and plot and has become jaded - she's been there and done that. Strong comic actress, as well as Singer and mover. Able to morph into different characters throughout the show and play various undersea creatures.
Pearl Krabs/Security Guard (Supporting, Mezzo-Soprano, 15+): Mr. Krabs' bratty teenage daughter. Pearl is a whale. Must have excellent comedic timing, a strong pop-rock belt. Must be comfortable with soul and gospel and be able to riff up into the stratosphere. Will play other small ensemble roles throughout the show.
Mayor of Bikini Bottom: Featured, Soprano, Mezzo-Soprano, Alto. Age 30+
Perch Perkins: Featured, Bass. Age 20+
Patchy the Pirate/Sardine/Plankton Dancer/Electric Skate 15+
Old man Jenkins/Security Guard/Electric Skate - 15+
Buster/Electric Skate/Plankton Dancer - 15+
Mrs Puff/Plankton Dancer - 25+
Larry/Gary Voice - 15+
Sardine/Plankton Dancer/Ensemble - 15+
SONGS FROM THE SHOW TO KNOW FOR CHARACTER SONG
Sponge Bob - Simple Sponge
Patrick: I guess I miss you (with Sponge Bob)
Sheldon J Plankton: When the going gets tough (this is a rap song)
Sandy Cheeks: Chop to the Top
Mr. Crabs / Pearl: Daddy Knows Best
Squidward - I'm Not A Loser
SB/Patrick/Sandy - Hero is my middle name (harmony at the end)
ALL OTHER ROLES - One of the above
NOTE: It would behoove everyone to know all these songs, and be familiar with the show songs in general.
We will not provide sheet music - if you need lyrics/music please bring your own.
BE PREPARED TO HAVE FUN!!LaSorted’s Pizza is one of several vendors taking part in the Summer Social Club, an outdoor pop-up series hosted by Employees Only in West Hollywood. You can find everything from Filipino rice bowls to Metztli tacos here throughout the week, but the absolute star is LaSorted’s. This tiny pop-up started out on a porch in East Hollywood in 2020 and is now cranking out tremendous wood-fired pizza with chewy, bubbly crust and.Enterprises are breating with obsolete, inefficient, mainframe and legacy application in todays digital world having the immediate needs of modernization and upgrade of their information techonology infrastucture. Hyphun's application modernization & Re-engineering services migrate applications from old platform to modern platform wich boost business performance helps enterprise to upscale their revenue.
Our services include:
For requesting our services or solutions please kindly provide us your requirements
Got a question about us ? or for a general query feel free to contact us
We appreciate the opportunity to interact with you, write us your thoughtsGeneral Information
- Manufacturer
- Brooks Brothers
- Classification
- Men
- Vendor Name
- Brooks Brothers
- Vendor URL
-
- Product Price
- 298.00
- Product External Identifier
- MH00130
Much like Brooks Brothers, Allen Edmonds has a rich heritage of quality craftsmanship that has spanned decades. Since 1922, their reputation for making stylish, durable products as well as their enduring popularity has created a loyal following not unlike our own. Lightly distressed leather enhances the styling of the classic saddle shoe. GoodyearÂ
welt construction for exceptional wear and durability. Stacked heel with McAfee toplift heel. Leather lining. Poron cushion footbed has been added at the heel for out-of-the-box comfort. Tone-on-tone stitching. Made in the USA.
My favorite sister came home from school and she wants my wood
Industries in Elyria and later in the basement. Pornhub is home to the widest selection of free Pornstar sex videos full of the Columbine High School His Girl Friday I Can't Give. You want to leave you for the only man in the basement. SisLovesMe - My Step Sister Wants Her Brothers Cock In Exchange For Funds. Scholarships for high school when. A friend of my wife came to the sweet â€œDemonsâ€. Bratty Sis - step Brother Fucks step Sister Right Next To Mom!
DMCA | 2257 | Parental Control | Abuse | Privacy PolicySo here's what we know ... Britney took off in a private aircraft, from Van Nuys Airport in LA around 4 pm.
Here's what we DON'T know -- where she went!
- TMZ reports that it's New York
- a magazine says Cabo San Lucas
- we heard Maui
- rumors had her headed toward the Bahamas, via Orlando
We'll believe it when we see it -- who'll be the first to spot Britney and Adnan? I'll take a wild guess and say, Finalpixx!
source: x17
← Ctrl ← Alt
Ctrl → Alt →
← Ctrl ← Alt
Ctrl → Alt →Estádio Jornalista Mário Filho
General Information
Project Type
Location
Technical Information
Dimensions
Quantities
Materials
Products, Services & Reports
The Maracanã Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, was built for the Soccer World Cup in 1950. At the time, the oval stadium, consisting of precast co ...[more]
Design of the roof structure
The boundary conditions of the new roof design were set by the required roof depth of almost 70 meters and the continued use of the existing concrete substructure to transfer loads from the roof. After the demolition of the old reinforced concrete roof, the substructure consisted of the dominant building and facade columns, as well as a continuous ring beam along the height of the eaves. To change the original appearance of the stadium as little as possible, the roof structure was to be kept low at the outer rim and the roof shape was to be floating flat over the stadium bowl. This was achieved by the design of a cable-net roof, which is based on the design principle of a spoked wheel. The combination of a continuous outer compression ring with a pre-stressed cable-net, inner tension rings and radial connection cables forms a stable roof slab which can transfer pressure and suction forces, as well as horizontal loads.
For the Estádio Jornalista Mário Filho, a new version of this type of structure has been developed. In this construction a flying strut holds the upper and lower radial cable arrays in place. The cable arrays emanate from the compression ring at a roof depth of approximately two thirds, to meet again at the inner edge of the roof. This creates “kite-shaped” cable trusses with one compression ring and three tension rings at the corners. The upper and the lower cable arrays are tensioned against one another by so called hangar cables in order to transfer the compression and tension forces into the activated suspension cable.
The existing building geometry has been projected to the roof structure. Thus, the 60 roof axes (radial cable trusses) follow the same basic layout as the 60 support axes forming the basic geometry. According to the basic principles of the ring shaped cable-net roof, the course of the ring cables in the horizontal projection matches the position of the compression ring. This forms an interior opening of 160 x 122 m at a constant roof depth of 68 m. The strutting of the radial cables, at the height of the flying masts, remains unchanged at 13.5 m.
Along the elevation, the flying masts are strutted in the same way as the radial cables. Thus, they trace the circumferential catwalk, which houses the entire technical equipment of the roof, the floodlights, the effect and grandstand lighting, as well as the sound system including all installations. All catwalks and technical equipment have been designed in detail, so that the catwalks melt into the background of the roof.
The roof is clad with a textile membrane, which spans between the upper radial cables. To bestow the double curvature upon the membrane surface, for the benefit of stability, a radial, shaping valley-cable has been added. One such cable is positioned in the centre of each of the 60 roof spans. This serves to keep the membrane against the main radial cables. Thus, in the axis of the flying masts the valley cable is stayed against the lower tension ring. This serves to create low points at these roof positions. Overall, the membrane forms a folded structure between high and low points.
Prior to the installation of the cable structure, a computational verification of all individual steps is required. Furthermore, this structure demands expertise in dealing with high-tensile cables and the respective hydraulic jacks. The roof structure of Maracanã poses a twofold challenge. Firstly, a structure with three ring cables has to be lifted all at once. And secondly, the same configuration of strand-jacks has to be used for all the individual tensioning stages (lifting of the upper radial cables, tensioning of the lower radial cables) without repositioning them in between.
Conclusion: As a light-weight structure, the new roof for the Estádio Jornalista Mário Filho is not only an efficient solution for the assigned task, but it is also an approach which handles the original building and its significance with great caution. Unobtrusively, it spans the stadium at a gentle slope, and through its folded shape, it restates the original roof’s radial accentuation of the cantilevers.
Participants
- Raphael Galvão (architect)
- Pedro Bastos (architect)
- Waldir Ramos (architect)
- Miguel Feldman (architect)
- Antônio Dias Carneiro (architect)
- Orlando Azevedo (architect)
- Oscar Valdetaro (architect)
- Paulo Pinheiro Guedes (structural engineer)
- schlaich bergermann partner
- Knut Stockhusen (designer)
- Knut Göppert (designer)
- Thomas Moschner (engineer)
- Miriam Sayeg (engineer)
- Nelson Szilard Galgoul (checking engineer)
Relevant Web Sites
Relevant Publications
- 3+1 Stadia for Brazil. Belo Horizonte, Manaus, Brasília + Rio de Janeiro. jovis Verlag GmbH, Berlin (Germany), ISBN 978-3-86859-326-6, pp. 232.(2014):
-):
- Estádio Jornalista Mário Filho, Rio de Janeiro. In: Stahlbau, v. 83, n. 6 (June 2014), pp. 368-375.(2014):
- Modernisierung des Maracanã-Stadions, Rio de Janeiro. In: Stahlbau, v. 82, n. 6 ( 2013), pp. 458.
- About this
data sheet
- Structure-ID
20065323
- Published on:
30/05/2013
- Last updated on:
09/07/2017ColorWings™ Tee (Orange)
$38
Show us your (he)art! The Viva LA ColorWings™ tee is the centerpiece of our debut collection. Support the creative culture of LA and bring communities together with this vibrant crew that seamlessly goes from day to night, and everywhere your busy life takes you in between.
• 100% fine jersey cotton
• 100% fine jersey cotton
Size guide5 Practical Study Tips for Visual Scholars
5 Practical Study Tips for Visual Scholars
A number of us have a chosen learning design. This just means that your imagination is exclusively suited to just one mode regarding informational insight hearing important things (auditory learners), experiencing factors (kinesthetic learners), or looking at things (visual learners) above another. No-one is only worthy one function of suggestions, but most individuals a clear desire and one with the inputs will probably be stronger compared with others. If you ever prefer currently being shown one thing to only being told, will probably be a visual novice.
The problem with studying for visual enrollees is that a good number of (bad) educators will only utilize one design it’s most likely to be the one that they prefer theirselves. And if you in the last option years of your company’s education, oral input classroom sessions is what occur to be mostly likely to get. Consumed be disappointed, however. All types of learners deal with their own unique issues. Instead, be aware that you should easily adapt your study behavior to suit your knowing style. Let me provide how you undertake it:
Use Video clip Lessons
Implement resources enjoy Khan Schools that have established videos mainly with aesthetic learners in the mind. Everything is certainly written decrease before your own personal eyes by instructor, as well as explained detailed with tons and lots of instances. They make pictures together with slides to spellout everything from algebra to artwork history, including a visual college student will do good by enjoying them. In case your professor’s schooling is not worthy of your preferred understanding style, usage these vision lessons towards catch up on any content you might have had missed.
Flashcards
Memory cards are really essential for vision learners. Make use of them in tandem with another artistic learner and you can pick up on factors at the same tempo.paper writing service These are going to be put to use as you are preparing for multiple-choice tests and also when you have to memorize lots of details rapidly. When generating flashcards, make an effort to aim for pithy descriptions and also answers those work best. Visual learners need using diverse pens and also markers to help color-code rapide from diverse categories. Have a shot at adding a photo, so that you can link an answer along with a visual.
Flowcharts, Graphs along with Infographics
Graphic learners demand visual suggestions to associate with a fact, together with flowcharts, graphs and infographics are the best methods to do that. In case you are reading your company notes as well as can’t make sense of them or maybe you’re disappearing, look up any inforgraphic to understand it more quickly and preserve more information. The probability is, someone on-line has made a single for any subject or possibly topic may. Slideshare. world-wide-web and reddit. com/r/dataisbeautiful superb resources to implement if you never have found just one through your desired search engine.
Use Diagrams in addition to Drawings to visualise Your Notices
In class, when you find yourself trying to sustain lots of information and facts, it might be simplier and easier for you to bring a quick chart or diagram for long term reference for visual enrollees, this might really do the part of the says they will bear in mind best. So , in history category, if there is the timeline connected with events, draw a collection with cuttings coming from it and compose short says on the night out and what taken place for maximum retention. Start doing this, and you’ll find that a good number of information can be broken down as well as systematized in to a list as well as chart. When the instructor is definitely any paintings or diagrams in the PowerPoint, make sure to backup them along.
Use Highlighters
Lots of visual learners, unexpectedly, struggle with reading through information from a book. When you’re reading an item and found yourself in find that anyone haven’t also been paying attention, should attempt read that has a highlighter inside your hand, remembering important information. To start with, this will push you to lets read more carefully. May also, you will maintain more information just by creating a aesthetic marker as it. However , make sure to highlight well under possible for anyone who is highlighting all kinds of things, it’s just as if you’re not showcasing anything at all.
Maybe, you’ll be putting these tips to be able to good usage. Most importantly, any blanket concept for image learners is always to try to just imagine all the information some people receive. Train your mind to create a perception to match just what you’re listening to for instance, if someone is offering you directions, aim to create a place in your mind. This could train your brain to retain information and facts from other advices better as the best novice you can be.
Terrible Beauty Help and advice: How to Fill out an application Halloween Makeup products
Preparation for an amazing Halloween get together or planning dressing up in order to scare your individual colleagues? No matter what your plans for this April 31, you might be putting on a costume a little distinct from usual. Even if you decided which often costume you are going to wear, it could time to bring to mind makeup! When you haven’t determined yet, you must look through school Halloween costume strategies we geared up for you inside our other writing.
Costumes are found part of the exciting. The real street art is making use of the right cosmetics to go with your company’s character. Zombies, ghouls, nurses, vampires, clowns no matter what model you choose, you are need to ampere up your make-up skills prior to heading out.
Listed below are some Halloween makeup tips to help you create the most in this Halloween:
Do a Test-Run Primary
Make sure get the look you are looking for down prior to a big nighttime. You don’t plan to be all concealed and ready for fun and learn you don’t recognize how to work your company’s make-up competencies to match your ideas. So take some time at least two or three days before the special day to research and see which techniques would be better.
Do the Allergy Experiment
Halloween facial foundation is generally a new composition than regular cosmetics and since this for every day use, can be harsh over the skin. When you have sensitive epidermis, you should carry out an allergic reaction test inside your adjustable rate mortgage to see if you possess any kind of outcome. Leave it upon for about 60 minutes. If you don’t have every reaction, the make-up is most probably safe being applied to the face.
Get Organized
Lay every one of your make-up away so you have got everything easy to access. Tie your hair back it doesn’t be in your way. Preserve make-up deponer, a small towel and cotton balls in close proximty of. Wash and dry see your face thoroughly well before applying cosmetics.
Tips for Using Make-Up for children
If you decide to guide your bit brother or perhaps sister, attempt to avoid the eye region as much as possible. Be sure that not to skip the allergy test when ever applying cosmetics to children as child skin is often particularly sensitive. Apply cosmetics as shut down as possible into the time you are preparing to depart so you may risk all their messing up the very paint career.
Make-up strategies for popular outfits:
Clown
Apply white makeup products all over the face, including in and around the view. Dust the facial skin with bright white powder to protect yourself from streaking. Use red paint for the nasal, cheeks along with lips. Apply black vision pencil in order to draw a good tear under the eyes. Path the sight with dark-colored liner in addition to apply some sort of thick membrane of disfraz or work with fake lashes. If your halloween costume is not in a position yet, you ought to take a look at frightening clown halloween costume ideas for that Halloween.
Goblins Warts
For your realistic looking wart, fall a scrap of paste either within the tip in the nose, typically the chin as well as cheeks. Hold fast a wheat of puffed wheat cereal or styrofoam to the stuff and let free of moisture. Once dried up, darken typically the wart by using brown experience paint.
Strige
For a blood-sucking vampire appearance, start with some white starting and submit an application white powder to keep out of streaking. A vintage widow’s peak can be achieved by drawing one in with darker eye notepad. Brown eye lids shadow offers a quite sickly look. Mouth should be displayed blood purple, of course.
Tonto
Zombies undoubtedly are a popular decision these days. To buy a great revenant look, blend white and grey face color together and also apply to facial area to get any ashen, immortal complexion. Implement dark car paint (either brown leafy, black or even dark grey) under the sight and on often the eyelids. Intended for scars, whip up a portion of neutral gelatin plus apply to face while nevertheless gooey. As soon as it dries, you can use some coloring: brownish/black for an old scar and red-colored for a clean one.
Princess/Prom Queen/Barbie
For a more gorgeous and less ghoulish look, etc different sort of face fresh paint. Apply great coat connected with skin-toned basic foundation or skin paint into the face, which include under the little brown eyes. Dust together with powder to look at away as well as avoid streaking. Apply magic eye liner under along with above the eye lids. Use a lighting azure or lighting purple eye lids shadow and maybe some rubber stamps over the vision shadow for any more glitzy look. Use a pink-toned blush into the cheeks along with pink or red lipstick.
Whatever look you decide to use, don’t forget to train it ahead of the big nights and always undertake an allergic reaction test in advance of using every product in your skin. Not a soul wants a good allergic reaction for you to ruin their valuable big night especially when you host the exact party. Incidentally, if you are looking special event ideas, become inspiration from our website on creative college Halloween parties party suggestions. Have fun as well as Happy The halloween season!Birthday Reviews: Eric Flint’s “Portraits”
Eric Flint was born on February 6, 1947. His first story, “Entropy and the Strangler” appeared in L. Ron Hubbard’s Writers of the Future Volume IX. He has collaborated with numerous authors, both established and new over the course of his career, including David Drake, Mercedes Lackey, S.M. Stirling, Ryk E. Spoor, Dave Freer, Gorg Huff, Paula Goodlett, Charles E. Gannon, Mike Resnick, etc. The list goes on and on.
His time travel novel 1632 has not only led to sequels from Flint, but to a thriving fanbase which he encourages to write their own stories and articles, many of which have been workshopped online and published in online zines and hardcopy books. These include not only short stories, but also novels.
Flint has worked to bring back into print the works of several classic science fiction authors, including Murray Leinster, James Schmitz, Keith Laumer, Tom Godwin, Christopher Anvil, and A.E. van Vogt. With Jim Baen, he established the Baen Free Library and he also served as editor of Baen’s Universe. He has edited various anthologies, including The World Turned Upside Down and When Diplomacy Fails.
.
In its few pages, however, Flint is able to demonstrate some of the differences between Anne Jefferson’s outlook as a twentieth century American trapped in 1635 and a native artist from that period. The scenes set between Jefferson and Rubens, or Rubens and his wife, can stand well on their own and hint at the larger world.Emergency Auto Locksmith Tallevast, FL: Vehicle Locksmith Service Tallevast, FL
We from Automotive Locksmiths in Tallevast, Florida (34270) are the Ideal Service Provider for your Car Unlocking Needs
Nowadays, there are thousands of automotive locksmiths striving hard to make their position in this cutthroat competition and unpredictable market. We are aware of the fact that automotive locksmiths who give the best assistance in economical rate will rule supreme in the market. And so with that, we from Automotive Locksmiths in Tallevast, FL provide nothing but good quality car related services in prices that never compromise the standard of our service. Our fulfilled clients provide us the certificate of trustworthiness. Our professionally trained and knowledgeable team of locksmith are qualified and bonded and they have remarkable knowledge. We, at Automotive Locksmiths in Tallevast, FL aspires to provide our clients the best of the best at affordable price rate.
Automotive Locksmiths in Tallevast, FL (34270) Available Services
The legit Automotive Locksmiths in Tallevast, Florida offer all the important services for any of your car related problems. The list of services we offer at Automotive Locksmiths in Tallevast, FL for our customers are:
- Ignition Key Programming
- Transponders Key Replacement
- Lesser Key Replacement
- Car Key Replacement
- Lock Replacement
- Key Cutting
Working Hour Of Automotive Locksmiths in Tallevast
We, the Automotive Locksmiths in Tallevast, FL (34270) work for 24*7 to serve our valuable clients. Our experienced group of locksmith are just a phone call away whenever you are dealing car associated issues. Contact us when you are in trouble with your car; we will be there at your place to assist you in Tallevast, FL.
Zip: 34270
Area Code: 941
Locksmiths near Tallevast FL
Locksmiths in the 941 area code(same as that of Tallevast)
-February 18th, 2021 – The Instituto Câncer Brasil (ICB) has agreed a partnership with the Instituto Projeto Cura and is now part of our team of monthly donors. The ICB is established on pillars of patient care, education and research aligned with quality, capillarity and social responsibility. Since 2012, ICB has been making robust efforts to democratize the access of patients living in inner cities/villages of Brazil to quality oncological treatments.
ICB has been a partner in the dissemination of activities launched by the Instituto Projeto Cura for a long time. Their field of work include creation and management of clinical, surgical and radiotherapy structures for treatment of cancer patients at hospitals, private clinics, and in partnership with the Brazilian Public Health Network (SUS), in several municipalities of Brazil
In addition to working with some common objectives, the executive director of the Instituto Câncer Brasil, Dr. José Márcio, affirms that the collaboration with Cura was driven by his admiration for the project. “The point that most enchants us at Cura is their DNA. The institution has important objectives and is fearless before the difficulties and challenges. Since its foundation, its intent consists in mobilizing the civil society and raise awareness about clinical research, in addition to raising funds to support such intent. That intent itself is just fantastic and is closely aligned with our spirit of innovation and resilience”.
Moreover, the ICB director reveals that his first impression about the Cura Project was quite positive. “Some years ago, while attending an event organized by LACOG, we learned about the embryo of Projeto Cura, during a presentation delivered by their president Fernanda Schwyter – with that special brightness in her eyes; at that moment we became certain that we should support the initiative, both for its alignment with the mission, vision and values of our institution, as well as for the quality and credibility of the people involved”, recalls Dr. José Márcio.
Now, we celebrate a new step in the partnership between the Instituto Câncer Brasil and the Projeto Cura; ICB becames one of their monthly donors. In regards to such initiative, the president of Projeto Cura, Fernanda Schwyter, comments that “the partnership with ICB will enable an increment of our campaigns to raise awareness about the benefits of clinical research in the fight against cancer, as well as their funding. Such partnership will also collaborate for the creation of a stronger and engaged team so that we can disseminate even more the philanthropic message of Cura and the importance of scientific researches in the region.”
The Institute Projeto Cura is the only institution in Latin America dedicated to plan and execute actions to augment the awareness and to raise funds to support several researches addressing the fight against cancer – a disease that kills many victims around the world. Therefore, the collaboration of individuals and companies with the philanthropic culture is essential for the scientists to continue their work and, through the researches, find treatments and cures for the different types of cancer.
Additionally, Dr. José Márcio reinforces the importance of donation and advocates that “serious and non-for-profit institutions, bearing a huge social responsibility, such as the Institute Projeto Cura, shall be always supported. Especially when those institutions envision the improvement of our civil society as a whole.” The Director makes an invitation: “Everyone, came along with us! We are sure that initiatives such as the Instituto Projeto Cura will contribute for an environment of engagement among individuals, companies and public managers to join this important fight”.
Let´s replicate the initiative of the Instituto Câncer Brasil! Become a monthly donor to the Projeto Cura. The donation link is here!
Text by Letícia BarbosaHe Made All Things Beautiful!
Dress up your children and come to Third to praise the Creator of all things, sing songs, go on a pumpkin hunt, make fall crafts, decorate fall cookies, eat hotdogs, drink hot apple cider, and have fun playing in the bounce house.
Remember to invite your friends and their kids!
For more information, contact Anya at 205-322-1404 extension 709 or Anya@ThirdPCA.org.
Schedule
Saturday, October 30
10:00am - Festival Begins
12noon - Festival ConcludesWe partnered with Bristol Myers Squibb and the Head and Neck Cancer Community to develop the Back-to-Work Guide; a co-created resource designed to help people living with Head and Neck Cancer feel more confident when returning to work.
Dr Philip Lewis, President, The Mouth Cancer Foundation.
ONC-GB-2100090 | July 2021
Download a variety of free leaflets, posters and educational resources.If you have any problems or questions about our products or need our support and assistance, please contact us and you will be replied within 24 hours. We promise we will never reveal your information to the third party. Thank you!
Hot Products
- Motor Wet Ball Mill Horseore From Canada
- Mining Crusher Ball Mill For Gold Ore From India
- New Mining Grinding Ball Mills For Sale South Africa From Kenya
- Mining Ball Mill In South Africa
- Micro Magnetic Separator Grinding Ball Mill Equipmentconcrete
- Medium Speed Ring And Ball Mills For Coal Pulverization
- Nickel Ore Slag Classifier Ball Mill In United States
- Minerals Equipments Ball Mill From Bangladesh
- Mineral Ball Mill Recovery From Indonesia
- Mobile Mobile Ball Mill Sale
- Mercury For Gold Processing Sales Ball Mill China In Ethiopia
- Mining Ore Bit Grinding Ball Mill For Gold Ores In Bangladesh
- Mining Ball Mill In China In China
- Mesin Wet Ball Milling
- Mesh Ball Mill Small In Kenya
- Newest Hot Sell Grate Discharge Ball Mill Approved From Indonesia
- Nd Hand Ball Mill Suppliers
- Mesto Mobail Ball Mill
- Milling Equipment Price Ball Mill
-PRESIDENT'S MEDAL
Eric Liu
Renowned author and public intellectual, Eric Liu, was honored for his commitment to progressive change and his dedication to the greater public good. Fueled by his belief in the power of an idea to transform a nation, Liu speaks nationally about social and political issues.
Born in 1968 in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., Liu is the son of Chinese immigrants from Taiwan. Liu, a graduate of Yale University and Harvard Law School, began his work in the public and political spheres during the Clinton administration. While in service at the White House, Liu worked first as a speechwriter and then as the President's Deputy Domestic Policy Adviser
Liu's first publication, The Accidental Asian: Notes of a Native Speaker, is a New York Times Notable Book that focuses on difficult social issues related to race and identity. His second book, Guiding Lights: The People Who Lead Us Toward Our Purpose in Life, advances the notions of change and leadership and was named the Official Book of National Mentoring Month.
Liu's most recent work, a collaborative effort with entrepreneur Nick Hanauer, is a Thomas Paine-style pamphlet entitled The True Patriot. The book grapples with core American values in an effort to challenge the manner in which people view their political and social identities. The True Patriot has initiated a national dialogue encouraging Americans to increase their level of civic engagement and essentially redefine patriotism.
In 2002, the World Economic Forum named Liu as one of the 100 Global Leaders of Tomorrow.We don't really give it much thought as to why our hair becomes gray since it's so easy to find hair dye almost everywhere. But really, why does our hair change its color and become gray? Is it just stress like everyone says? Can we prevent it from happening? All these questions demand and answer and we tried to tackle the problem scientifically!
Have You Ever Wondered Why Our Hair Goes Gray As We Age?
Hair graying is caused by a change of pigment produced by our hair follicles over time.
It is known that this change in the process is caused by our age, environmental factors and stress. But in order to fully understand why we get gray hair, we first need to know how our hair grows and what gives it its color ...
It is the pigments, melanin, which give our hair its color.
These pigments, made up of two amino acids, are produced by a special group of cells called melanocytes. The process of producing these pigments of melanocytes is called melanogenesis. Melanocyte cells are found all throughout our bodies, not just in our heads, and these cells not only give the color to the hair but also give color to our eyes and skin.
The reason for our hair color is all about how and where melanocyte cells unite.
However, exactly how the melanocytes join together and give our hair its color is not completely understood. It is also known that genetics play a major role in determining our hair color. Once the melanin that has gained a certain color is produced by the body, it is transferred to the keratinocyte cells present in our hair follicles and the hair coming out from there is colored by melanin.
Keratinocytes are the place where keratin is produced, the dead protein cells that make up our hair.
Once this process has been explained, let's come to gray hair: The less the amount of melanin in the keratin cell, the grayer our hair becomes and the hair becomes totally gray when the melanin is never found. In short, gray hair is the name given to the hair that has no melanin in it.
Hair graying is caused by multiple reasons.
Of course, the first thing that comes to mind is aging. Over the years, our melanocyte cells start to disappear or become passive, and as a result, the amount of melanin produced by our bodies begins to decrease. Our hair starts to gray after this process, and when the melanin in our body is completely consumed, it becomes totally white.
Other factors that cause our hair to become gray are:
Unusual hormone production triggered by genetic disorders, chronic stress and similar things, imbalances that occur in the production of melanin, exposure to toxins or chemical substances, and climatic conditions can also cause hair to become gray. Stress is the most interesting one among these reasons. Stress can cause DNA damage by increasing the production of certain neurotransmitters in our bodies, accelerating the aging process, causing tumors, mental illness and hair graying.
When and how quickly your hair will become gray changes from person to person.
We said that there was more than one factor for our hair to gray. These factors, all of which we can't account for, determine when our hair will become gray. But we can say that if you are a white human being, your hair will probably become gray color by the time you reach the age of fifty ...Squeeze Play System
INTRODUCING STEVE PLAYER'S SQUEEZE PLAY
DON'T WASTE ANOTHER BUCK PLAYING PICK-5 GAMES
Hello to all of my good friends and fellow Lottery players around the country. By now I am sure that most of you have heard all of the rumors about my big breakthrough discovery. It's being touted as the "best kept secret" in the Lottery systems industry, and in many ways I would have to agree with that description. All I can really say is that the rumors are true, but there is a lot more to this story than you may think. My new SQUEEZE PLAY technology will not only knock your socks off, but will very likely change the way that we all play the Pick-5 game forever.
But first, let me tell you my version of the astounding events that surround the development of this ground breaking system. Two years ago I decided to build an elaborate computer simulation of the Pick-5 game. The idea was to replicate as closely as possible, all of the characteristics of the machines that draw the winning numbers. After months of testing I finally had all the algorithms in place and I let the computers run just over 5 million actual drawings. This kind of data simply has never been available before. It would take almost 7,000 years for the Lottery to hold 5 million drawings, and I simply did not want to wait that long! When the results of these drawings were analyzed I discovered some amazing patterns. Although the outcome of the drawings are essentially random, with this much data at my disposal I could clearly see the mathematical laws of probability at work. I knew I was onto something big, so I re-analyzed the results dozens of times more and kept coming up with the same findings.
It all seemed too good to be true, so being a diligent researcher, I let the computer simulators run another 5 million new drawings and then analyzed that data again and again. The pattern results were virtually identical, even though the numbers drawn were different. In all, I ran the simulation 10 times, a total of 50 million actual drawings, and what I saw never changed one bit. To say I was ecstatic would be an understatement at the very least. Standing there late one evening staring at my analysis reports, I suddenly realized that I was holding in my hands might just be the Holy Grail of Lottery number selection technology. Translated into plain English, it meant that I, and others, were going to win a boatload of money using this new technology.
In the weeks that followed, I brought a diluted version of my findings to several of my scholarly mathematician friends and other super nerds with all kinds of letters after their names. They were collectively stunned by my latest discovery. Everyone wanted to see more and everyone wanted to get in on the action. The more excited they became, the more tightly I clutched my papers. I realized I was onto something big here and that I had probably let too much of the cat out of the bag already.
Now it's time for me to tell you about the system itself. As most of you know, the single reason for analyzing past results in a Lottery game is to try to figure out what will most likely happen next, or more specifically, which numbers will be drawn next. Analyzing past results is like studying history. Patterns and trends, just like history, always repeat themselves. We can learn a great deal from this process. For example, if you run down an icy sidewalk, there is a good chance you will fall down. The more times you run down the icy sidewalk, the more times you will fall. Eventually, you learn through repetition, and you develop a sense of certainty about what will happen when you run down an icy sidewalk. In a Lottery game, there are many patterns and trends playing into the outcome of each drawing. Some of them can be spotted in the short term, but many of them do not reveal themselves because we do not have enough history to look at. If the game you are playing is drawn twice a week, then you will only have 104 results to look at by the end of a years time. In five years you will only have 520 drawing results to ponder over. That is simply not enough.
By running my computer simulations of over 50 million consecutive drawings, I amassed an incredible universe of past results, or drawing history, and by analyzing this history with a fine tooth comb, I was able to learn a great deal. By applying the lessons I learned to the current real game history, I am able to predict the most likely numbers to be drawn next with an astounding new degree of accuracy.
You do not have to study 50 million drawings - I have already done that for you. But the lessons which I learned are what make the SQUEEZE PLAY system so powerful. I have set up the number fields in all Pick-5 games into a brand new format which allows you to use the wealth of brand new knowledge I have discovered to cash in for yourselves. This is done through a revolutionary new forecasting tool I call the SQUEEZE BOX. The minute you see it you will understand not only how to use it, but you will immediately understand the power that this visual arrangement of numbers puts at your disposal. Playing and winning the Pick-5 games used to be 99.9% luck. Not any more my friends. Now the most likely numbers to be drawn jump right out at you and beating the games becomes so much easier. Like I said, one look at the SQUEEZE BOX and it will all make sense to you. In fact, using this system is so simple that a child could do it with a high degree of accuracy. I will even go so far as to guarantee that if you can do a simple crossword puzzle, then you can use the SQUEEZE PLAY system effectively in your games!
The most important facet of this system is what I call the "Horseshoe Factor." We have all heard the old saying "close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades." Well, I am here to tell you that from now on close also counts in playing the Pick-5 Lottery games. How many times have you had a potential winning ticket that was only off by a few numbers? We all have, and it can become very frustrating. The good news is that you will not have to worry about that anymore because when you use the SQUEEZE PLAY system, you can cover a much wider range of numbers using my amazing new overlap technique. For example, let's say that you played the numbers 3-20-33-44 and 58 and the numbers 3-21-33-45 and 57 were drawn. You would slap yourself in the forehead, mumble something about how close you came to winning, and walk away with a ticket with only 2 winning numbers on it. Now, if you had used the SQUEEZE PLAY system to cover these same 5 numbers (3-20-33-44 and 58), you would have had all five of the winning numbers (3-21-33-45 and 57) on the same ticket. Is that amazing or what!!! Think about this for a moment. Just by using the overlap technique, your "close" ticket with only 2 numbers correct would have instantly be turned into a 5 out of 5 number right bulls eye winning ticket!!! If this were not absolutely true, then I would not legally be able to print it. And keep in mind that this revolutionary "Horseshoe Factor" is only one part of the SQUEEZE PLAY system...it just gets better and better!!!
I think that by now you are beginning to understand what all the fuss and rumors are about!!! If you can show me any other system on the market that can do this, I will be more than happy to eat my hat! The SQUEEZE PLAY system can be used in all State's Pick-5 games up to 59 numbers, even games with bonus numbers. I urge you to stop picking numbers in the dark and dreaming about the day that your numbers will finally come in. By putting the SQUEEZE PLAY system to work against your game you will be using brand new cutting edge technology to turn your dream of winning the BIG ONE into a viable and achievable reality.
Playing the Lottery is so much fun, but winning it is truly a dream come true. I urge you to order the SQUEEZE PLAY system today and start living your own dreams of winning the BIG.People with weird obsessions are nothing new to American Idol. Some of them are cringe, some of them hilarious. But those weird traits are easy to accept if they have an angelic voice. I mean who cares about socks if they perform The Frank Sinatra perfectly!
When the contestant Zacks starts pulling his pants up and handing out brightly colored socks to the judges, they get a little uncomfortable. But all that is thrown out of the window when he starts singing. In fact, they love it so much that they get up from their chairs to start moving around and dancing with him! With a voice like that, I wouldn’t be able to resist either.
What do you think? Do you agree to the Judges’ love for him?
Please SHARE this with your family and friends if you liked it!Relationship Manager, Enterprise
Job Summary
Perform the duties of a Relationship Manager, Enterprise
- Minimum Qualification: HND
- Experience Level: Mid level
- Experience Length: 2 years
Job Description/Requirements
Branch: Koforidua
Start date: Immediately.
Working hours: Daily 8h00 till 17h00 or as required to fulfill one’s responsibilities.
Description:
The Relationship Manager for the Enterprise product has the following key responsibilities:
Sales
• Responsible for identifying, on-boarding and serving individual / SME type customers who need short term loans.
This process shall include the following:
- Building & maintenance of an active team of Independent Sales Executives
- Organizing customer acquisition activities like market storms
- Assisting prospective customers to fill required forms and put together the list of documents required to apply for Car4cash loans
• Responsible for the achievement of Sales targets agreed for the product on a monthly basis
Credit Analysis
• Responsible for the assessment of applications made by prospective clients in line with provisions, guidelines and standards as set out in the Credit Policy for Car4Cash Loans
• Responsible for the presentation of credit requests to the Credit Manager
Relationship Management
• Must ensure client loan requests are processed within prescribed TAT standard of 72 hours
• Must assist clients by delivering solutions and services as provided by the institution
• Must ensure speedy resolution of customer complaints
Collections
• Responsible for monthly repayments of clients in portfolio; must call to remind clients before repayment date
• Must support collections team with “soft collections” techniques when required
• Responsible for the achievement of monthly portfolio quality standards set for the business
• Responsible for adherence to agreed Compliance standards.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Required:
• HND or Degree in a related field
• Good selling and persuasion skills
• Good analytical skills
• Previous experience in similar role in a reputable institution would be advantageous.
• A demonstrable network of potential clients ready to on-board
• Must be focused, organized and able to meet deadlines
• Must take pride in delivery quality every time.
• Excellent knowledge of the Ghanaian Small business climate and preferences.
Skills / Attributes
• Analytical and hard working
• Self-motivated
• Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
• Ability to drive sales whiles maintaining an eye for portfolio quality
• Team spirit is essential
• Must be very neat and well organized.
All applicants should forward their application letters and CVs to ghanavacancies1@gmail.com
How to Apply?
Please log in to see application instructions.Dr. Vishal Gupta
Dr. Gupta is board certified in gastroenterology by the American Board of Internal Medicine. Dr. Gupta started a solo gastroenterology practice in west Volusia in 2006, which has now become Gastroenterology of Greater Orlando.
Dr. Gupta has interests in all aspects of gastroenterology and hepatology including GERD, ulcer disease, Inflammatory Bowel Disease, Irritable Bowel Syndrome, Colorectal Cancer, Hepatitis C and diseases of the pancreas and liver.
Dr. Gupta has written state of the art review papers in gastroenterology. He is considered an authority in motility disorders (Irritable Bowel Syndrome, gastroparesis, and bacterial overgrowth), pancreatic disease, and inflammatory bowel disease. He is also the lead investigator in developing many new and innovative new gastrointestinal therapies.
A family man and loving husband, Dr. Gupta considers himself blessed to be the father of two children. In his spare time, he enjoys running, water sports, and reading.
Education
Medical School: University of Florida
Residency: Shands Hospital
Fellowship: Shands Hospital
Procedures
- Upper GI endoscopy (EGD)
- Dilation of strictures and management of gastrointestinal bleeding
- Colonoscopy
- Diagnostic and therapeutic ERCP
-!"1. Aminiel,
The playroom web client is now available in beta, for everybody.
Already since a long time, we regularely receive questions to know if one can play on the playroom from a mac, on an iPhone, under linux, or sometimes even from one's TV or fridge.
So we asked ourselves if it wasn't possible, for those who aren't on windows, to play on a common interface. It was of course impossible to begin programming 36 different versions for the 36 currently fashionned systems, first of all simply because of a lake of time, but also because a lake of money, since in order to do that, you must of course buy all these devices, learn how to use them, and find their characteristics and limits.
That's when we though about the web, and especially to HTML5 and javascript in particular; then we started developping the web client using these technologies. Play on the web simply means that we play directly in the web browser, without the need to install anything on your own machine; no setup program, nor the need to go to whatever store to download anything. You just have to go to a particular website, and voilà, you can start playing.
If playing directly in the web browser without the need to install anything seems especially interesting, perhaps even more interesting than installing that good old windows client, in fact, there are also drawbacks.
In particular, even if the web interface can be very well designed, it will never be possible to make something more user-friendly than the native client. The complexity of the web media and its quick evolution on one hand, and the perfect integration of scren readers with native system components on the other hand, make it so that, on the web, the result will always remain less easy and less comfortable to use, whatever could happen.
However, we are happy to present our web client today, which will allow you to play on most of the modern connected computers and devices.
Please note that it has still beta status. This means that it is maybe not very stable, and that some things may not always well function under all configurations. In other words, many bugs are probably still present; you shouldn't be afraid of that, it's the principle of public beta: dig up bugs, and there is nothing better than you to help us finding and fixing them.
we should say that, in web and mobile world, there are lots of different systems and configurations, and we in fact only tested very few of them. The team, and even the pre-beta-testers haven't at their disposal all what you, the users, could ever have in your hands.
Browsers and systems tested
To help you to know if you can connect to the web client using your machine or not, here is a list of combinations that have been tested. This list is divided into several parts :
- Certified compatible browsers: we have sufficiently tested the browsers in this list to tell you with confidence that, globally, it works. Having been tested isn't supposed to say that tehre is no bug anymore, but only that you shoud normally not have big problems with them. Do anyway have a look at known problems further below on the post, you might be concerned by some of them.
- Probably compatible browsers: we didn't tested them much, but according to the information we have, it should work. Tell us if it is effectively the case or not, and if, perhaps, we might improve some details.
- Definitely uncompatible browsers: we have tested those browsers, and we can tell you without any doubt that the playroom web client wont work, and will probably never work with them. Often they are old browsers, or so exotic ones that they don't respect, or only badly web standards.
- Unknown browsers: we know that they exist, but we haven't tested them. We don't know if they work at all. Tell us what are your observations !
Certified compatible browsers
- Internet Explorer 8 under windows XP, but only if flash plugin version 10 or more is available
- Internet explorer 8 and 9 under windows 7, but only if flash plugin version 10 or more is available
- Internet Explorer 10 under windows 7 and 8
- Firefox version 10 and up under windows
- Safari 6 under Mac OS 10.8
- Safari 6 on iPhone with iOS 6.1.4
Probably compatible browsers
- Safari 4 and 5 under Mac OS 10.1 to 10.7
- Safari 6 on iPad and iPod with iOS 6
- Safari 4 and 5 on iPhone, iPad and iPod with iOS 4.2 at least
- Firefox starting with version 10 on Mac OS 10+
- Firefox starting with version 10 under linux
- Chrome in version 6+ under windows
- Chrome in version 6+ under linux
- Chrome on Android phones and tablets.
- Firefox on Android phones and tablets
- Internet explorer 10 on windows RT tablets
Definitely uncompatible browsers
- Firefox 7 and below on all systems
- Safari before version 4 all systems
- Chrome before version 6 all systems
- Internet explorer 4, 5, 5.5, 6 and 7 all systems
- Internet Explorer 8 and 9 without flash plugin
- Internet explorer on braille note takers running windows CE, unless they embed IE8 and flash (what is certainly not the case)
- Nokia and other phones running Symbian
Unknown browsers
- Opera
- Black berry
- Internet Explorer on windows phone 7 and 8
- Firefox OS
- Safari under windows
Known problems
Despite our ahrd work in trying to solve bugs, some problems keep happening and go passt our mind. IF you have a solution to solve them, please contact us !
- Please always remember that the web client will never be as good, as fast, and as simple to use as the windows client. This isn't wanted, but the web remain in any case as is. Nothing can reach the perfection of a native application.
- Some keyboard shortcuts don't always pass correctly. wE can unfortunately do nothing against that, what is possible and what isn't heavily depends on your browsers and its configuration. Ammong the possible problematic shortcuts are the following: escape, F2, F3, F4, Ctrl+U, Ctrl+J, Ctrl+S
- Audio streams support: Thanks to a wonderful friendship between major browsers vendors, all audio formats aren't supported by all browsers everywhere. While Safari and Internet Explorer only support MP3, firefox and Chrome only support OGG. IF you try to listen to a stream in an unsupported format, nothing happen. We can't do anything against that. You shouldn't blame us for that but Apple and Microsoft, sadly.
- Sound on mobile devices: we have noticed that playing sounds on mobile devices like smarphones and tablets tend to seriously slow down performances additionnally to consuming a lot of battery. If sounds aren't played on these devices, it's not a bug, they just have been disabled by default. You can manually reactivate them by going to web options under options menu. Please note that loading multiple sounds may freeze the interface during a couple of seconds and tehre is probably not much to do against that.
- Reading problem with VoiceOver under Mac and iOS: in general, VoiceOver correctly reads messages as they are arriving into the history, but some messages are sometimes cut or ignored, and some others aren't read at all. This often happens when many messages arrive too fast allmost in the same time, in which case only the last one or the few last ones are read while first ones are skipped. For this problem, there is probably a solution, we need your help to find it.
Conclusion
We are quite happy about the amazing work made on the web topic, even in spite of the remaining bugs. We hope that you will have pleasure using the web client !WebLabs - IT Solutions Website Template
Plan to run It business and need a creative and clean and attractive responsive template? Please Try Our WebLabs IT studio templates its build using bootstrap v4 and is 100% responsive. WebLabs its not just a template its provide complete features to make your its business website very fastly with very basic coding skills. WebLabs come with well writen code and 100% valid code and SEO freiendly.
WebLabs is best fit for: IT Startup, Web Studio, Code Studio, Design Studio, Software Engineering Solution. Software Developer, SEO Services, SEO Optimization, SEO and SEM Solution, Freelancers, Graphic Designers, Web Design Solutions, Web and Mobile Application Development, Logo Design Solution, Business Card Design Solutions, Sofware Development, Web Development, Startup Software Houses and It Solutionbn Provider....
This Template provides many other features: pricing, blog, contact, services, showcase or portfolio section and much more
thanks for purchasing.
Styles: Clean, Corporate, Minimalist, Neutral, Artworks, Collage, Dark, Futurist, Web2.0, Mobile, Flat, Material Design
Topic: IT Templates, Software Company Templates, Web Development Templates, Software Templates, Web Design Templates, Design, Design Studio Templates, Designer Portfolio Templates, Software Store Templates, Design & Photography, Business & Services, Computers & Internet
Color: white, yellow, orange
tags: agency, business, company, corporate, creative, design, financial, industry, investment, mobile, multipurpose, personal, portfolio, product, services, studio, technical, technology, web studio, road maps
Free 24/7
Support
Ready Solution
For Any Business
Premium
Quality Templates
1 200 000+
Satisfied
CustomersYou want to develop a tool with more than code editing? You want to allow experts to configure or describe complex systems, such as cars, chips, machines, software systems, insurance contracts, power plants or something similar? You want to do that in an efficient and well-proven way? Join this talk and learn how the EMF ecosystem can help you with this endeavor!
Eclipse is well known to create tools for software engineers with a focus on code editing. However, in many domains, experts need to describe complex systems in a structured way (a.k.a. modeling), rather than writing code. This data is the input for many processes, e.g. generating documents, source code, construction plans, cost calculation or domains specific artifacts. While many projects still rely on Excel, customized tools can help to more efficiently create, maintain, validate and process the data.
Every domain and project has has typically its specific data model, however, cross-cutting requirements are often very overlapping between domains, e.g. displaying, modifying, sharing, versioning or comparing data.
EMF (Eclipse Modeling Framework) and its ecosystem provides a robust and incredibly powerful platform for such domain-specific tools. In this talk, we present a well-proven combination of EMF, EMF Compare, EMF Client Platform and EDAPT, which allows to develop custom tools in a highly efficient way. Due to the reuse of existing frameworks, many cross-cutting requirements such as editing, undo/redo, validation and versioning will work out of the box. Because slides are not to be trusted, we will show a consistent live demonstration building a new application based on EMF from scratch, along with technical details about the used components.
This talk is geared towards EMF newbies and should provide a good jumpstart to use EMF and related technologies in your next tooling project.
Slides:...Triple Stretchy Bracelet With Amber Beads: 8mm
- Brand: AmberMaster
- Product Code: 15-19/B
- Availability: 1
$140
A beautiful stretchy triple bracelet made of natural Baltic amber. Modern designe combines the healing properties of ancient amber with insects & inclusions of natural origin and impressive elegance.
This bracelet is a truly beautiful accessory and consists of three strands of round yellow transparent amber beads, which are connected by a large amber pendant. Transparent central amber pendant and some beads have several ancient flies and mosquitoes inside, were frozen in amber millions of years ago. This modern and simple design can be worn both for special occasions or just to add something special to your daily outfit.
Dimensions:
Size: 8mm
Weight: 21g.
This bracelet is part of our modern collection "Her Elegance" which is specially created to emphasize inner strength and magical natural charm of each woman.What is the Dashboard?
You can identify the online calibration certificates of your data loggers as Favorites by clicking on the star on the right of the serial number in the certificate list.
Opening the dashboard, clicking on your name at the top right and selecting the item from the pop-up menu, you will find all your Favorites certificates which you can also download simultaneously by clicking on DOWNLOAD ALL FAVORITES.
Jacksonville Skilled Nursing and Rehabilitation Center has created a holiday light display on its grounds for the community to drive by and see. The facility at 1517 W. Walnut St. has thousands of lights set up, along with decorations. \u201cThis holiday season is especially welcome by everyone, given the challenges we\u2019ve all faced this year,\u201d administrator Sawyer Zaerr said. \u2014 Rochelle Eiselt0 followers
What could be better than tasting typical Italian dishes in the heart of the eternal city? For us nothing! And for you? Book your table in our restaurant, we are curious to know your answer! The restaurant La Pancia Felice in the center of Rome is waiting for you in Borgo Pio, a few steps from St. Peter's Basilica. It is the ideal and cozy place where you can enjoy the typical Roman cuisine with its traditional dishes, prepared every day with fresh and genuine ingredients. The frame, then, makes the difference. You can decide whether to eat inside the restaurant, with its rustic style that makes the atmosphere warm and familiar, or outdoors, in the reserved outdoor area. If you love the pleasures of the table book now and discover the secrets of the success of our restaurant: food quality, recipes handed down from several generations, the experience of all staff, both in the kitchen and in the dining room. We are waiting for you!
Yes
5
4
3
2
1
0 reviews
La Pancia Felice
Via di Porta Castello, 11, 00193
Business & Organizers
Go out
Events
Popular venues
Artists
Top headlinersLa personalization of gadgets and / or clothing it can be linked both to professional needs and to reasons that belong to the sphere of leisure and entertainment. If in fact, on the one hand, a personalized t-shirt or sweatshirt is the perfect way to make one unforgettable party or special event, on the other hand they also allow you to advertise any brand o message.
This is why more and more people are resorting to this particular type of solution. Furthermore, it should be added that nowadays it is no longer necessary to leave the house in search of a printing house equipped for our type of request, but, on the contrary, it is possible order your own T-shirts and your own personalized sweatshirts without even having to leave the house.
It is enough, in fact, to have a connection available Internet to get in touch with professionals in the sector capable of fulfilling every type of request possible online: the customer will therefore only have to select the color of the requested garment, the quantity and, of course, the customization he prefers (a logo, a writing, an image, etc. .).
A quick, convenient, quality choice
An efficient and reliable name when it comes to custom clothing online is Burger Print, a Spanish online platform that caters to companies as well as to retailers, communication agencies and simple individuals: in short, its services are available to all those interested in having personalized t-shirts and / or sweatshirts printed in high quality and at the right price with a simple click.
In fact, the team guarantees the highest standards on the market thanks to constantly updated technologies. In addition, each customer benefits from a special one-to-one assistance: this means that every single order will be taken over by a Burger Print operator, who will take care to meet any type of need and, of course, to give concrete answers. in the face of possible customer doubts. Add to this speed and punctuality, given that Burger Print is committed to ensuring that fulfilled orders arrive at their destination respecting the expected delivery times.
How to get personalized sweatshirts and more
As already mentioned, with Burger Print it is possible to request T-shirts e sweatshirts customized, but not only. Numerous articles are available on the portal: remaining in the clothing field, it is in fact possible to customize too polo, tank tops, vest, jackets and even K way, as well as shopper and many gadgets present and selectable within the portal.
Once you have identified the desired product, it will be sufficient to follow the instructions present online to obtain a free quote and, in case of acceptance, information in real time on the processing status of your order. Add to this that, in case of need, it is always possible to resort to chat on Burger Print (you will find it at the bottom right of your screen).
Some of the best offers
Burger Print also offers its customers numerous promotions. Looking in detail at customizable sweatshirts, men have for example the possibility to buy lightweight sweatshirts Fruit Of The Loom starting from € 6,96 per piece (the price depends on the quantity of items requested), while for what concerns the women, the Raglan model, also Fruit Of The Loom, can be purchased starting from 7,03 € a piece; finally, for the items from child prices even go down starting at € 5,88 per piece.
Each of these proposals can be customized with one front print, back and even positioned on the single sleeves right and left. The prints can be requested in screen printing up to 6 colors, in direct digital and even in embroidery.Chiropractic Solutions for Hip and Leg Pain
Hip and leg pain sometimes may or may not stem from common causes, but they definitely produce a common result: debilitating pain. Fortunately, our chiropractic team at Infinite Vitality Chiropractic & Massage can offer non-surgical solutions to help put you on the mend.
Causes and Symptoms of Hip and Infinite Vitality Chiropractic & Massage Can Ease Your Pain
Our team at Infinite Vitality Chiropractic & Massage can discover the underlying reason for your hip or leg pain. X-rays, postural analysis, and discussion of your symptoms and lifestyle can lead us to an accurate diagnosis. In many cases, chiropractic adjustments can correct the problem at its source. Dr. Atti can shift specific joint components into a more natural alignment that allows you to carry your weight more symmetrically -- taking the strain off of (503) 252-5911 to learn more about our services and schedule an evaluation.Stream new Torche track, “Minions”
On Feb. 24, Torche will release Restarter, their follow-up to 2012’s Harmonicraft, via Relapse. And today, the band has shared the first track from the album, titled “Minions.” From the get-go, it sounds a lot like Torche: big and meaty guitars, heavy-ass riffs, drums that truly pummel, and hooks that make them stand apart from the rest of the metal pack. Perhaps that’s why they don’t often get called a “metal” band, though you can definitely hear metal in this, even if it’s just one element of the thunderous rock music the group hammers out.
Listen to “Minions” below, and check out the album’s tracklist and the band’s upcoming tour dates.
Torche Restarter tracklist:
1. Annihilation Affair
2. Bishop in Arms
3. Minions
4. Loose Men
5. Undone
6. Blasted
7. No Servants
8. Believe It
9. Barrier Hammer
10. Restarter
Torche tour dates:
12/27 – Cincinnati, OH – Bogart’s (C)
12/28 – Cleveland, OH – House of Blues (C)
12/29 – Sayreville, NJ – Starland Ballroom (C)
12/30 – Philadelphia, PA – Electric Factory (C)
12/31 – Washington, DC – 9:30 Club (C)
1/3 – Atlanta, GA – Center Stage (C)
1/4 – Lake Buena Vista, FL – House of Blues (C)
1/6 – New Orleans, LA – House of Blues (C)
1/7 – Houston, TX – House of Blues (C)
1/8 – Dallas, TX – House of Blues (C)
1/9 – Tulsa, OK – Cain’s Ballroom (C)
1/10 – Austin, TX – Emo’s (C)
1/16 – Winston-Salem, NC – Ziggy’s (M)
1/17 – Wilmington, NC – Ziggy’s by the Sea (M)
1/18 – Tallahassee, FL – Pug’s Live (M)
1/19 – Gainesville, FL – The Atlantic (M)
1/20 – Ybor City, FL – Crowbar (M)
1/21 – Miami, FL – Grand Central (M)
(C) = with Clutch
(M) = with Municipal.About
Vicki Patterson brings a plethora of fire, energy, experience, and knowledge into her Real Estate career, recognized as a top agent.
A South County local since childhood, she has been residing in Dana Point since the 1970s and Capistrano Beach since 1988. Her life-long investment in this area, along with her passion and integrity gives her a special insight on the community.
She opened and operated a internationally known surfboard manufacturing company (T. Patterson) and retail surf shop (T. Patterson Surf Shop-San Clemente) for over 20 years, gaining a comprehensive understanding to every aspect of the business world. A proven business leader, providing her clients not only with outstanding service, but a powerful network of loyal clients in Orange County, and international alike.
She is active in community, and gives her time freely as she currently serves Board of Director on the Sport of Kings Foundation, a prestigious local non-profit institution, that provides assistance for Surfboard Manufactures, and volunteers her time with the SEAL Family Foundation, which provides support and assistance for the families of the Naval Special Warfare community. She is active with the Stand-Up Paddle Association, Surfrider Foundation, the Mongoose Cup, and San O’nofre Surfing Club.
Dedicated and committed to fitness, health and well-being, you will find her bike riding, stand up paddling, surfing, or maybe try to catch one of her yoga classes!
Vicki can be found anywhere there is sunshine or surf!
(current)
Products
Attractive Composite Material Suppliers
Cheap Composite Decking Products Brisbane
Engineered Plank Wood Composite Flooring
Company News
how to get rid of mildew on wood floors
>
Cheap Composite Decking Products Brisbane
> how to get rid of mildew on wood floors
How to Get Rid of Mold - The Home Depot
A bleach solution also works to kill mold. Mix one cup of bleach in a gallon of water, apply to the surface and don't rinse. Mix a 50/50 solution of ammonia...
How to Get Rid of Mildew in the Mustiest Corners of Your House
They're mold and mildew, types of fungus that feed off of fabric, wallpaper, ceiling tiles, wood, or any organic surface exposed to excessive...
6 Quick Ways to Clean Mold Off Wood - Tips Bulletin
When learning how to get rid of mold on wood, the faster you tackle the mold and mildew, ... Removing Mold from Wood – Quick Tips and Recipes to Try.
How to Remove White Mold From Wood - Use baking soda. Mixing baking soda with water and applying it to the white mold is another effective removal method. Pour baking soda and water...
How to Clean Mold Off Wood - The Spruce
Natural surfaces like wood are susceptible to mold when heat and humidity are present. Learn how to safely and properly remove mold from...
How to Remove Mold Stains from Wood Floors - Pinterest
How To Remove Mould Stains From Wood Floors. Wooden floors are a beautiful, sophisticated and elegant design idea for any home. Keeping wooden floors clean and...
Cleaning Wood Floors & Woodwork After A Flood - Brown
After wood floors have been covered with wet mud and dirt, they need to be ... To remove mildew stains or mold from unpainted wood surfaces, wash with warm.
How to Remove a Musty Smell from Hardwood Floors | Hunker
Mix a solution of 1 cup of white distilled vinegar and 1 gallon of warm water in a bucket. Step 2. Place the mop into the bucket, pull it out slowly and squeeze...
Black Mold on Floors? 7 Best Tips to Remove and Clean Floor!
If the hardwood hasn't been penetrated, you can use vinegar and water, soap and water, bleach and water or another household solution to kill it. Hardwood can...
How to get rid of mold in wood floors - Quora
How do I get rid of mold in wood floors? Our landlord said the black color was just water stains but this winter, we had a lot of mold growth around this...
How to Remove Mold from Wood Floors | DoItYourself.com
Next, you need to wash the floor with a bleach solution. The ratio should be 10 parts of water to 1 part bleach to remove mold effectively. For...
Hardwood Floor Troubles - Carey Brothers - On the House
Mildew thrives in moist dark areas, so to kill it you must brighten things up and dry them out. Prune back the spring growth outside your...
PRE Post:
discount flooring and supply
NEXT Post:
reclaimed flooring devon
how to best maintain wooden floors
how thick are porch floor boards
how to build a board over board fence
how to make plywood hardwood floors
how to fix allure flooring
how do say fence in spain
learn how to install wood floor
how to strengthen floor joists with plywood
how long to install laminate wood floors
how to nail deck boards
how to clean floor tile in the bathroom
how to clean black spots on composite decking
how to paint treated wood deck
how to make an outdoor planter bench
how to make weird cuts to plank flooring
how to get rid of mildew on wood floors
chinese wisteria on fence
cap board fence
pallet pergola ideas
22 ft deck boat cover
wood fence privacy ideas
teak and holly flooring marine
backyard and fence
bench cushion outdoor for wicker furniture
is pergo flooring good for bathrooms
copy opponents deck
fence sign meaning
pictures of decks stained gray
hardwood floor grades select better
3d rock wall panels
Seven TrustThree boys from Doncaster, South Yorkshire who Manchester not only embraced open-armed but were wholeheartedly welcomed into its bussom as one of their own have released the “difficult” second album to the hugely critically acclaimed Columbia. It was an album which brought the masses to their live gigs and pricked peoples attention at festivals not just in and around Manchester but all over the north and beyond, even to that there down south so as a young band, a strong debut like that is going to be a tough act to follow.
There are not many bands that can claim their debut album drew along enough folk to fill the legendary Manchester venue The o2 Ritz but The Blinders along with their friends Cabbage (and the incredible The Ninth Wave) in support filled that hallowed hall for one incredibly hot, sweaty lively night in celebration of that debut and to draw a line under it and let the next chapter unfold.
As we’re moving on now, Johnny Dream, Thomas Heywood the lead singers unmistakable antagonistic painted alter ego is apparently no more, how does the following album shape up? The answer is pretty damn well really, while Columbia was a tour de force assault on the senses from the very start and pretty much all the way right through to its dying bars, Fantasies Of A Stay At Home Psychopath takes a much more mature, considered attack.
With so much going on in the world during its creation, the band have had a huge canvas to draw upon and one that has mostly delivered the goods again, indeed the entire album wouldn’t sound out of place being the soundtrack to a 90’s Tarantino movie done in the 2020s.
Opener Something Wicked This Way Comes is a very familiar fare to a Blinders fan, the ballsy swaying blues ladened stuff fans are used to hearing is present and correct as is track two Forty Days Forty Nights, a song anyone who saw one of their later gigs will already be familiar with.
It’s track three Lunatic With A Loaded Gun that starts showing how their maturity and music crafting has advanced since Columbia, a clear swipe at Trump and his policies, restraint in parts but fiery in others it sums up his madness quite well. Track four Circle Song, the first pre-release from this album released now what seems an age ago due to the album’s Covid-19 delay follows.
I Want Gold is an album highlight despite slightly dodgy lyrics involving a certain big-eared cartoon character, it’s full of the swagger and screaming guitars that fans of the Blinders love about them but it’s showing a level of craftsmanship that the debut album lacked. Track Five, Interlude completely changes the tempo, Tom’s sounding like a softer Ewan McGregor’s Renton from the Trainspotting movies set to a slow jazz beat, unexpected but quite welcome and any listener who was lucky enough to be at last year’s Night At The Museum in Blackburn or the tiny 33 Oldham Street gigs in Manchester will be pleased to see that the softer side of the band has been finally recorded.
Up next comes current release Mule Track, again somewhat familiar style from the band that won’t disappoint fans of Columbia, nor will Rage At The Dying Of The Light, both full of the cocksure swagger the band are known for and it’s a similar story with From Nothing To Abundance but there’s that attention to detail again within this that only experience can bring along with a level of staged production going on that hasn’t been heard from the band before.
Talking of staged production next up is surely the bands West End debut, Black Glass. A track that’s moody and dark, initially it’s sounding like it’s from the highlight of the psychedelic 60″s movement before it kicks into something Fleetwood Mac would be proud of. Having had the luxury to listen to the album over several weeks whilst writing this review, when you wake with a guitar hook earworming away from the moment your eyes open you know you’ve listened to something special, it’s as a fitting closer to an album that could have come from any time or space in the last 60 years.
Except Black Glass isn’t the closer, the closing and final track belongs to In this decade, something that truly sounds like Nick Cave wrote and Bob Dylan sang, a cleverly written and performed folk song, indeed this single track shows not only the years that this band have are well beyond their actual own but that they aren’t afraid to experiment, it’s hard to believe they are as young as they are listening to this song.
So to summarise, is this another angry fighting album like Columbia was? No, not really. There’s a lot that might even disappoint initial fans even tho there’s a familiar theme with the debut in some tracks but this is a much more intelligent approach, it’s still got fire in its belly and there’s still a call to arms that’s really worth listening to. We’re not talking current IDLES levels of political instructions and understanding but there’s a similar ask, it’s just delivered in a much more artistic way, way beyond what you would expect at face value by three young lads from “Donny”. Overall Psychopath is actually quite an impressive advancement, it’s far beyond the levels of their previous debut and further proof that this band aren’t going to be going away anytime soon.
Written by Ric BrookWrestling Session with Mistress Kara
-Tom
Every once in a great while one comes across a consummate professional who is conscientious, knowledgeable and of high integrity. It becomes quickly apparent from the first moment that Mistress Kara is such an individual. From the first few minutes she sets the tone in which she is the unquestioned superior and in complete control. She lets you know her expectations and that for the duration of the session you are to devote your complete attention to her instructions, and that you definitely belong to her. Then She proceeds to demonstrate her unquestioned mastery, physically, mentally and psychologically. She may allow you to worship her incredibly powerful biceps and then without warning, may put you into a hold and taunt you into attempting to free yourself. Good luck with that. The more you struggle, the more she relishes her control and dominance and when you finally surrender, she will simply shift her position and continue to toy with you like a pet or rag doll. As your predicament begins to sink in, you recognize and accept your complete helplessness and perhaps try to negotiate or banter, but Mistress Kara will see through your desperate ruses and sit on your chest, pinch your nipples, and look down and laugh at your predicament. At this point she will encourage you to begin to divulge your deepest desires and secrets, and you will want to tell her everything. With each piece of information she will probe further, and use the insights to continue to completely work her magic and force you into complete submission. The feeling this brings about is exhilarating – you have been holding onto to these secrets and the control you feel the necessity to maintain your whole life, and now there is simply no choice – you surrender. This brings you closer to Mistress Kara and the conversation as she continues to toy with you goes deeper. You explorer every nook and cranny of your demons and the shadow spaces in your soul; you want to tell her everything and there is a sense of complete trust that envelopes you. At all times her eyes probe you like lasers and you intimately feel that if you dare to try to deceive her she will see through it, and then you’ll really be in trouble. And of course it feels so good to just let go – there is a surge of energy as you feel her thighs around your waist or neck, as she lowers her incredible rear onto your face, and controls your breath as she laughs and interrogates you further. Before you know it the time is over – and you gratefully get dressed and thank Her for her time and attention. She is the real deal and you feel fortunate to have found her.
Thank you!
Tom B
Saul from Alaska
I had the pleasure of having a light fantasy scissor session with the lovely Mistress Kara last night. She was gracious and flexible in agreeing to meet the same day I contacted her.
The first thing I noticed when we met is that, while being attractive in pictures, she is even more stunning in person. She has a lovely figure with a beautiful face, statuesque legs, and large biceps.
We started off with leg worship. Her quads were soft to the touch but with a layer of rock hard muscle below the surface. After that, we went into some wrestling in which I was easily overmatched despite having at least 70 pounds on her and being over 8 inches taller.
I can overpower most wrestlers, but with Kara, I found myself more and more tangled up after every attempt. She has a maddening and seductive style she called "catch and release" where she would trap me in her python like legs and squeeze me to the point of almost tapping out, and then toning down the pressure just a little before cranking it back up.
When you're trapped in her gorgeous legs, there's simply no escape. And it's only a matter of time (and how much you beg) before you're released.
Besides her phenomenal strength, Mistress Kara is an expert at using her voice and intellect to humiliate and seduce you. She doesn't just overpower you, but really gets into your mind and entrances you with wonderful conversation.
I will be sure to see her again when I'm in LA. My only regret is that I don't visit there much. But after a dozen sessions in the past, I can honestly say Mistress Kara was my favorite. She's simply the best.
Saul from Alaska
Afar from Dubai
...I just wanted to share some of my thoughts about the session. I truly enjoyed every aspect of my session with you. You were even more stunning than you are in your pictures and everything you did was even better than I had imagined it would be before the session started. You are a true femme fatale in every sense of the word. I wish we had more mistresses like you in Dubai, but now I have a good reason to come back to L.A soon!
...Once again it was great meeting you and keep up the amazing work making the dreams of submissives become a reality.
Sincerely,
Jafar from Dubai
J.S. from San Francisco
Wow - thanks for a fantastic session. I had good feelings about you going in and you exceeded my expectations in every way - stronger, sexier, more fun. You really hit my fantasy perfectly. Look forward to seeing you again. Thanks!
J.S. from San Francisco
Mikey from California
Mistress Kara=Real ( such a complete and fitting single word definition)
Not since the Legendary JoAnna Needham has a Full Grown Woman vanquished, and deflated this Inflateded Male's ego with such power, grace, speed, efficiency, and skill.
Hankering for a Real wrestling match with a Real Woman, Look No Further, E Mail Mistress Kara TODAY. Commit to her, and the Mistress will completely commit herself to you. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED ~ MISTRESS KARA DELIVERS !!!
She was on time for our appointment, and had already changed into her wrasslin' attire when arrived, Mistress Kara is as I would soon come to find, breath~taking, she looked fabulous. A striking natural beauty, very soft spoken,articulate, is very approachable, sports a wonderful and bright smile. This dominate female greets ya with a hug, and an enthusiasm that is contagious. She really is happy to be there, and is there for you. I found this Fine Mistress to be very attentive, and generous with her time. Since she had described her current incall location as matted, but a little challenge for space, at my suggestion Mistress Kara even agreed, site unseen, to gas up her own vehicle and meet me at a location I knew of that I described as the perfect location for a private introduction of this nature, only increasing her charitable donation requirement enough to make the hours travel in either direction "worth her time " and cover her own added expense ... What a trooper !!!
Mistress Kara and I are a perfect match on paper an identical 5'7" and both weigh in at 155 pounds, no excuses to be made here, if there was any dissappointment at all, it was that in asking for a competitive match it was I, not the Mistress that did not deliver. ; ( ( tail tucked between legs)
Mistress Kara's skill set, and strength are quite REAL, the moment we engaged she put on her game face and was more than ready to "play~chess" with our torsos and limbs interlocking, a power play battle for control.The Mistress calm cool and collected, patient, bold, confident, and not a bit shy. Mistress Kara was ready to play ...with a hand shake and an devilish grin, we were ready to begin ... GAME ON !!!
Mistres Kara's defense is her greatest offense, her mental focus is phenominal, thinking and working seemingly three moves ahead, and battling for a finish from the start. She matched my power with her own power, countered my every attempt to gain advantage, and when things became a bit heated was more than able, with the greatest of ease, to take full, complete,and total, DOMINATING CONTROL. It is then this wonderful dom began to really enjoy herself, playing and toying with me until she was ready to finish., and finish me is what she did in convincing fashion, again, and again, it was INSANE. Total and complete cataclysmic destruction. Mistress Kara mopped the mat with my sorry butt !!!
Mistress Kara is solid, and thick ( check out her fore arms, biceps, shoulders, lats, hips, thighs and calves in her photos she has out on display, what you see is what you get, and then some. With a unimaginable strength and power lurking just under under those oh so girlie curves that must be felt to be understood. She is also a great sport and advocate of fair play.
Success favors preparation, and Misteress Kara is prepared !!! Take look, like what you see, go for it ... I did ... a pure delight !!!
Until we meet again, my pretty, insanity, I know , you are my new found addiction, I have Mistress Kara on my back !!!
Thank you Mistress Kara ~ Queen of the Wrestling Mat !!! ~ Aloha ~
YOUR FRIEND, MIKE> Comments. > > Another impression I got was that the audience seems to have really > sharp eyes and preconceptions about the politcs and aesthetics of > documentary (except perhaps for Barbara Hammer's personal fiction). In > another words, by attending the festival, it is not so important to see > the films but to witness the film culture in Japan. It is particularly > exciting given the lame commercial film market there and the lack of > institutional support for full-fledged film studies programs. > Yeh Yueh-yu Hong Kong Baptist UniversityCut in a breathable cotton-linen blend fabrication, ST MRLO's Oceanside Shorts boast endless styling potential.
Our model is wearing a size AU 8 shorts. She usually takes a standard size AU 8/small, is 176cm tall, has a 84cm bust, a 58cm waist and 84cm hips.
- Length: Inside leg: 5cm, Front rise: 28cm, Leg opening: 35cm (Size AU 8)
- High waisted mini shorts, cut in a breathable cotton-linen blend fabrication
- Zip, hook and bar closure
- High waisted silhouette
- Functional pockets
Care instructions: Cold machine wash
ST MRLO Women's Oceanside Shorts Chocolate Cost CRSLOXT
ST MRLO Women's Oceanside Shorts Chocolate Cost CRSLOXT
- Product Code: CRSLOXT
- Availability: In Stock
- $184.93
$25.46
Available Options
Related Products
Lost in Lunar Women's Opal Shorts Chocolate IPKWUDT
Introducing the Opal Shorts by Lost in Lunar, the ultimate when it comes to comfort! This style is h..
$21.19 $155.99
The Fated Women's Noah Shorts Black shopping WEWFPUD
The Fated's Noah Shorts are an effortless alternative to everyday dressing. A must-have addition to ..
$46.83 $171.81
ST MRLO Women's Bligh Shirt Dress Abstract Tonal guide OPEJALO
Enthuse effortless style with ST MRLO's Bligh Shirt Dress.Our model is wearing a size AU 8 dress. Sh..
$45.97 $139.94
Savel Women's Mia Denim Shorts Light Blue Wash Collection XHCVYTD
Keep your weekend wear worry-free in Savel's Mia Denim Shorts.Our model is wearing a size AU 8 short..
$39.90 $196.88
ST MRLO Women Maui Shorts Grey Marle Cost XPWQGSZ
The Maui Shorts by ST MRLO have been crafted with a neutral colour palette. This piece aims to compl..
$26.97 $154.84Migration & Consulting
- Lift & Shift
- Replatforming applications and rearchitecting for the cloud
- Containerize existing solution stacks to become Cloud Ready
- Creating AWS System Architectures and Deploying to the Cloud
- AWS WorkSpaces
CIS as an AWS Select Consulting Partner helps customers to bring existing workloads to the cloud securely and quickly with an optimal migration path. Digital business models are now a priority, and it is more important than ever to make the right decision here and rely on a flexible, highly scalable cloud infrastructure. This means that you will be able on the one hand to react quickly to the agile market in the future and on the other hand to develop completely new business models during digital transformation.
The high level of automation of the cloud infrastructure reduces your time to market for new applications. In conjunction with e.g. „Infrastructure as Code“, new cloud solutions can be deployed quickly and thus made available to customers more quickly and the documentation is thus virtually on the fly.
There is no standard approach to the cloud migration. The requirements are very different, and not all workloads are suitable for the public cloud. A large number of services is now available and the abundance of offers on the market quickly make cloud migration unmanageable and complex.
Therefore, it is essential to have an experienced partner at your side who will succeed based on his expertise (AWS certified consultants) and experience, including your migration plan.
The basis of responsibility for the systems is clearly defined by the so-called Shared Responsibility Model of AWS:
CIS offers both software and IT consulting services and can support its customers with experts on site, as well as on their own responsibility (remote). We accompany you in all phases of cloud migration.
Starting with planning, recording, and analyzing existing systems and preparing the migration, including selecting the right tools and technologies. Then, together with you, we will migrate to the cloud infrastructure of Amazon Web Services.
With that our activities are not completed, but we are at your disposal, also after the migration, for the introduction of operations and the operating. We live the DevOps culture and address the topics integration, deployment CI/CD and cloud automation directly at the customer.
Our AWS experts help optimize the software delivery process using agile methods. Here, the change from per team – to pro infrastructure „thinking“ must take place and this must be considered in the digital strategy from the very beginning.
We also conduct reviews of your cloud environment based on the AWS Well Architected Framework quasi standard and show you other ways to optimize resources and costs.
We accompany you throughout the entire cloud migration and thus also lead your cloud journey to success.By creating an account, I agree to the
Choose your country and language:
Africa
Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe
CComing this close to nature is a sense-tingling reminder of why we have always been inspired by the untouched wild. With world-renowned nature reserves and preservation areas in every province, there’s no shortage of places to.
South Africa on social media
Find Best Price For Saatva Mattress … There are numerous choices offered in the market today when one wants to have the best bed mattress. In order to select the best one, it is needed to understand the advantages of the various bed mattress types and their specific uses. Selecting the right type of bed mattress is necessary for the convenience and health of the customer. As a result, there are 3 main types of bed mattress that are discussed in this post:
The Saatva bed mattress are manufactured by the Saatva company, producer of these mattresses consisting of the Loom, Leaf and Zenhaven. The Saatva bed mattress is generally an innerspring bed which comes with three firmness (plush, luxury and firm). This bed mattress is highly recommended by the majority of doctors, as it provides excellent support to the body while sleeping. The other benefits of choosing the Saatva innerspring mattresses include:
o A quality bed mattress of the Saatva firmness is a lot more costly than the other 2 kinds of bed mattress. It offers a great deal of convenience and assistance to the customers. The Hybrid innerspring bed mattress of the Saatva are suggested by doctors due to the fact that of its greater firmness level.
The Sauna bed mattress is specifically designed for supporting the lower back portion of the body and alleviating lower back discomfort and stiff limbs. Online mattresses from this business are offered at affordable prices, making them an excellent option for your house.
The topmost layer of the bed mattress includes memory foam. If you desire a bed mattress that offers an excellent quantity of support as well as pressure relief, then the Memory Foam Mattress from Sauna might be a good choice for you. Best Price For Saatva Mattress
When buying a mattress, o Firmness and support coils are likewise aspects to consider. The optimum density of the bed mattress coils is six inches. Furthermore, there are likewise two versions of the product, which are built in a different way. The “U” design, which are developed with two assistance coils beneath package spring, and the “SB” model, which consist of only one coil. The SB model is understood to provide more assistance than the “U” model. If you desire to purchase a bed mattress with more support, the Sauna mattress from Sauna might be a good alternative. Best Price For Saatva MattressGolf resort Trump Turnberry has completed a £250,000 refurbishment of its spa and fitness facilities.
The Ayrshire venue has appointed new fitness manager Tamas Kranauer to help guests get the best out of the facilities with personal training sessions on the new cardio equipment from Life Fitness.
Kranauer, who has worked at hotels and gyms across Europe, said: “It’s a pleasure to be able to count myself among the ranks of the fantastic team at Trump Turnberry.
"My mission at the resort is to show people how to live a healthy life through sports and fitness and how to improve their nutrition. I hope that with this new role, I can reach out to even more people and have a hugely positive impact on their lives.”
The spa now boasts a new poolside and relaxation room furniture and a rejuvenating Hydrobath and new manicure and pedicure equipment.
Joy McQuiston has also joined the team as a dedicated nail technician, offering a range of Jessica, GELeration and ZenSpa treatments.
Ralph Porciani, general manager at Trump Turnberry,.”.

19,95 €
50,00 €
6,00 €
5,00 €
7,00 €
6,00 €
7,50 €
8,50 €Benefits of exhibiting
5 reasons why you should participate as exhibitor:
- Generate new sales prospects in the new key industry event
- Be part of ideal synergy of 2 industrial events – TRANSPACK and CeMAT RUSSIA
- Promote your brands and products among a professional audience
- Meet face to face with actual decision makers
- Take a strong position in the growing Russian market
Russian market
- With 146 Mio consumers Russia is one of the five fasted growing packaging markets in the world.
- Russian e-commerce market volume reached € 14,5 bn and could triple by 2023 according to Morgan Stanley.
- In last four years warehousing & logistics industries in Russia got a double-digit boost in sales volume.
5214 visitors from 70 regions of Russia
TRANSPACK visitor profile:
- Chief Engineers and Chief Technologists
- Process Automation Engineers
- Heads of warehouse departments
- Heads of packaging departments /co packing
- Heads of order picking and logistic department
TRANSPACK key visitors target groups
Retail, distribution centres, Online stores
- X5 Group
- Leroy Merlin
- IKEA
- Ives Rocher
- Metro Cash&Carry
- Decathlon
- Auchan
Transport and logistics services
- FM Logistic
- DHL
- KUEHNE+NAGEL
- Major
- PONY EXPRESS
- Russian Post
E-commerce
- Yandex.Market
- Lamoda
- OZON.ru
- AliExpress Rus
- Wildberries
- Yandex.Market
Food production
- MARS
- Bonduelle
- PepsiCo Russia
- Nestle Russia
- Hochland
Industrial and consumer goods producers
- Procter&Gamble
- Gazprom
- VW Group
- Nissan Manufacturing Rus
- SurgutNeftegaz
- KERAMA MARAZZI
- KAMAZ
- Schneider ElectricIf you looking on the internet an AVEVA SimCentral Simulation Platform 4 Free Download So, you come to the right place now a day share with you an amazing application the new update for Windows is available for download from AVEVA SimCentral Platform 4. Once the software is updated it …Read More »Ivanka Trump might get an office in the space typically reserved for the first lady at the White House, according to a CNN report that was later refuted by a spokesperson of the president-elect.
“This is false. No decisions regarding Ivanka’s involvement have been made,” Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks told The Hill, referring to the CNN report.
On Wednesday, CNN’s Lisa Miranda tweeted that Ivanka could get the office, saying that her “title is still [to-be-decided].” She cited a “transition source” for her report.
Donald Trump’s wife, Melania, will not be moving full-time to the White House in January following Inauguration Day—as their 10-year-old son, Barron, needs to finish his school year.
Via @SaraMurray: Ivanka Trump to get office in same space reserved for First Lady in WH; Ivanka’s title still TBD, per transition source
— Lisa Mirando (@LisaMirandoCNN) December 14, 2016
The president-elect previously said he would “love” to have Ivanka and husband, Jared Kushner, a key Trump confidant, involved in his administration.
“If you look at Ivanka—she’s so strongly, as you know, into the women’s issues and childcare, … nobody could do better than her,” Trump said a few weeks ago. Meanwhile, his two sons, Eric and Donald Jr., and executives will take over his businesses before Inauguration Day.
On Thursday, a top adviser said that Ivanka and.
Trump plans a news conference on the issue Thursday.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.“Let all of your earthly thoughts be a prayer“. Damn a fine line. This guy Dylan might have a future as a songwriter.
The use of the word “rider” goes way back in the blues. “Rider” is a reference to a sexual partner. An example:
See see, rider See what you done done Lawd, lawd, lawd Made me love you Now your girl done come You made me love you Now your gal done come
A few examples that Dylan might be familiar with: Easy Rider Blues, Blind Lemon Jefferson. Black Snake Blues, Victoria Spivey. See See Rider Blues, Ma Rainey.
A lot of films used the word Rider in their title well.
The phrase “black rider” also brings to mind biblical images. Those knowledgeable of the Bible might think of Revelations. I don’t think this song has any direct reference to it, although it surely inspired some of the blues songs mentioned above.:
A short commentary on the Black Horse imagery.
A related image, “black dog”, has often been used to describe battles with depression. See Jesse Winchester’s Black Dog.
Dylan is certainly familiar with William Borough’s play “Black Rider”, for which Tom Waits did the soundtrack. Perhaps there’s a connection there. Watch the whole thing here.
Just one obvious song reference. “Some enchanted evening”
I’m not a big fan of the performance on the album. Dylan sounds like a goat being strangled.
Lyrics out a sword and have to hack off your armGraduate Certificate
Graduate Certificate in French
The Graduate Certificate in French provides students with the opportunity to earn a Certificate after successful completion of 18-credit hours of intensive language proficiency training in French, including courses in French/Francophone cultures and literature. For those students interested in language teaching, these 18 credits could include six credits in language teaching pedagogy.
The Graduate Certificate in French presents a rigorous language program that seeks to serve these student populations:
- High school faculty interested in teaching dual enrollment classes and who are required to have 18 graduate credit hours in their discipline to be eligible.
- Individuals in various fields (e.g., law enforcement, social work, psychological services, healthcare) who work with French-speaking individuals..
- Competence in French with at least an intermediate-high level (based on ACTFL guidelines) as assessed through an oral interview and through a statement of purpose written in French.
- Two references.
Required Courses
Required course
FREN 8036 Advanced French Conversation
Elective courses
Five 3-credit graduate level courses in French (a variety of courses in literature, culture, and linguistics/language for the professions)
Students interested in French language teaching may replace up to two elective courses with the following courses:
FLNG 8020 Seminar FL/TESOL Research Methods
FLNG 8030 Seminar Second Language Acquisition Theory
FLNG 8040 Seminar Assessment and Curriculum Design
FLNG 8960 Seminar: Special TopicsSpellbound Audience: Narrator with PSO Musicians
A spellbound audience of children, their parents and caregivers, thrilled to the story of Abby Burgess, introduced and performed by dramatic reader, Laura Harris. Ms. Harris had introduced the instruments, Antoaneta Angelova & Mina Lavcheva, Violin I and II; George Calvert, bass; Jim Kennedy, cello; Jean Alvord, viola, one by one as the audience settled into their out-of-doors seating on the grounds of the Kennebunk Free Library. The musicians were to perform dramatic background music for a true story set at a lighthouse on the Maine Coast in the 19th century. The music reminded me of the impressionist music, “La Mer,” by Claude Debussy (1862-1918). The narrator, Laura Harris, was delightfully engaging, obviously an actor of professional stature. The instruments blended dramatically to describe and support the stormy action of the script. The performing artists who are members of the Portland Symphony Orchestra interpreted the score with a perfection that could make only a positive lasting impression on the young audience.
Several in the back row decided to join the “standing room only” line at the rear of the area. I slipped into one of the back seats and allowed myself to become mesmerized along with the children. This was not your typical weekend kiddie concert playing down to children. It was music that appeals to the basic instincts, programmed by the Portland Symphony for String Quintet recognizing that children respond to basic rhythms and sounds of life, albeit classical style, before they are channeled into one form of music or another by peer pressure, limitations of access or environment. The composer of the musical setting for the story is Delwyn Chase.
“Program music” that can also be called Impressionist, is descriptive of specific scenes. It is both a clever and sensible choice with which to introduce new audiences to classical music. Ludwig van Beethoven (1770-1827) introduced program music during the romantic music era with his Symphony No. 6, the Pastoral Symphony, describing scenes in nature. Composers of the baroque and classical periods offered what was solely music for music’s sake. Both modern and contemporary music for orchestra, soloist or ensemble, if of a “serious” nature, are referred to as “classical music.”
Performances of this outstanding KinderKonzert continue through August 7 at various Maine locations. It is highly recommended not only for youngsters, but also for people in their second childhood. (I am an octogenarian, and I was charmed by the presentation). You can learn more about the Portland Symphony summer tour at their website.
The writer donated this review in loving memory of the late Edith Germane Hurd, classical music lover of Martha’s Vineyard. She was the last teacher to serve eight grades in a one-room schoolhouse in New Hampton, New Hampshire, 1947-48. Her birthday is August 8. It also honors the memory of the late Dr. J. Norman Wilkinson, a founding collaborator at the organizational meeting in the spring of 2006 called to establish Classical Voice North of Boston. The brainstormers enlarged the concept to cover New England. Norman’s principal career was in theater at the University of Maine, Orono. He was a lover of classical music and served on Classical Voice of New England’s Board of Advisors for the rest of his life. Both teachers no doubt continue to support the spirit of Performing Arts of New England with unseen guidance.Impressive entry into 3 levels of all glass provides exterior views of the sparkling pool, spa, eating bar and lawn. Incredible views of Peters Canyon from this gorgeous, contemporary private estate, which sits on over one acre of land. This well-designed floor plan maximizes the view and captures the outdoor space in, featuring polished cement and stone floors, Venetian plastered walls, vaulted distressed pine ceilings, and plenty of floor to ceiling glass windows leading to numerous outdoor patios throughout. Top of the line modern kitchen includes an outdoor balcony area where you can enjoy the outdoors and look out into an adjacent open interior courtyard with lush succulent garden and sitting area. The unique chrome and textured glass staircase completes the center of home, and several other terraces. Truly a one of a kind home for entertaining.Fact check: more jobs for African Americans since Trump took office
Trump said that African Americans have more jobs under his administration.
Before the pandemic, the unemployment rate was falling overall but increasing for African Americans. For example, in December 2019, the unemployment rate had fallen 3.5% for all Americans and increased to 5.9% for black Americans. So far, the mass layoffs seem to have been proportionally higher for Asians and Hispanics. Last week’s unemployment benefits claims’ figures showed that while whites and blacks saw job loss rates rise at the same pace, the unemployment rate for blacks stood at 6.7% - 65% higher than for whites.
Updated
Fact check: Testing
Trump said “there’s not a lot of issues with testing”... “We’ve done more testing than any country in the world.”
While the US has ramped up testing, it still lags behind other countries, including South Korea and Germany. South Korea has administered 486,003 tests, according to the Korean Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. With a population of 51.5m, the country has tested about 1 in every 102 people. Germany has done even better, testing every 1 in 63 people. The UK is still way behind, having tested only 1 in 230 people by Wednesday 8 April.
Meanwhile, the United States, with a population of 329 million, has administered at least 2,391,119 tests, according to the Atlantic’s Covid Tracking Project — so the US has tested about 1 in every 138 people.
Epidemiologists prefer to use tests per capita to compare countries: “I think the important clarification is that we should be considering the number of cases per 1 million population and considering a rate of people tested and not the absolute numbers,” Jennifer Horney, founding director of the University of Delaware’s epidemiology program, told CNN. “The absolute number of tests is not very meaningful.”
And despite the increase in testing, backlogs are reported in labs across the country, and many folks with symptoms - including health workers - are still struggling to access tests.
Fact check: testing
Trump bragged about the quality of tests in the US, boasting that “we’ve made the best tests in the world”.
In fact, some of the initial coronavirus tests sent out to states were seriously flawed. Part of the problem came from the CDC shunned the WHO template for tests, and insisted on developing a more complicated version that correctly identified Covid-19, but also flagged other viruses – resulting in false positives.
Other countries – after their first coronavirus case – swiftly asked private companies to develop their own tests. South Korea, which recorded its first case on the same day as the US, did so within a week. The US only allowed laboratories and hospitals to conduct their own tests on 29 February, almost six weeks after the first case was confirmed.
Updated
Fact check: oil reserves
Trump said the US probably has the biggest oil reserves in the world.
According to the World Population Review, Venezuela has the biggest crude oil reserves, followed by Saudi Arabia, Canada, Iran and Iraq. The US is 11th – sandwiched in between Nigeria and Kazakhstan.
UpdatedEngineering Technicians in the aerospace, aviation, automotive, maritime defence and wider advanced manufacturing and engineering sector, are predominantly involved in highly-skilled, complex work.
As an Apprentice in one of these sectors, you’ll learn to make a technical contribution to the design, development, quality assurance, manufacture, installation, commissioning, decommissioning, operation or maintenance of products, equipment, systems, processes or services.
You’ll apply proven techniques and procedures to solve engineering/manufacturing problems, while effectively communicating technical and non-technical information and committing to continued professional development.
You could work on mechanical, electrical, electronic, electromechanical and manufacturing..
Portfolio, practical observation and professional discussion.
Higher or Degree Level Apprenticeship in Engineering.Portrait of five women laughing and
- Portrait Photos
- Senior Adult Photos
- Mature Women Photos
- Multiracial Group Photos
- Friendship Photos
- Studio Shot Photos
- African Ethnicity Photos
- Diversity Photos
- Coloured Background Photos
- Happiness Photos
- Confidence Photos
- People Photos
- Black Colour Photos
- Mature Adult Photos
- Laughing Photos
- Senior Women Photos
- 50-54 Years Photos
- Vitality Photos
- Girl Power Photos
- Fun Photos
- Togetherness Photos
- Colour Image Photos
- Yellow Background Photos
- Embracing Photos
- Latin American and Hispanic Ethnicity Photos
- Multiracial Person Photos
- Female Friendship Photos
- Five People Photos
- Photography Photos
- 60-64 Years Photos
- Role Model Photos
- White People Photos
- Adult
- Looking At Camera Photos
- Beautiful Woman Photos
- 55-59 Years Photos
- Active Seniors Photos
- Social Gathering Photos
- 65-69 Years Photos
- UK Photos
- Real People Photos
- Beautiful People Photos
- Conformity Photos
- Femininity Photos
- Horizontal Photos
- Adults Only Photos
- Three Quarter Length Photos
- Toothy Smile PhotosAt the beginning of July the UK held it’s first National Thank You Day, all about saying Thank You to those in our communities who have helped us particularly during the pandemic.
It got us thinking here at Rosedale who we would like to thank, and so we decided to order over 140 chocolate bars to pass to people in the wider community who we owe a debt of gratitude to for their help over the pandemic.
Our staff fed back to us the people and places they said thank you to:
I’d like to offer a big thank you to Maxine – the chapel attendant at Earlham Crematorium.
She is so very super supportive and always asks if the person likes something in particular so she can change the picture that shows on the screen in the chapel – one family I worked with noted the fact that a Spitfire aeroplane was displayed for their family member who had worked on them – it’s the little things that make the day special and Maxine is always ready to support and go the extra mile to make it special for the family.
She also thinks about the music and tidies any long intros up without even asking but always checks in with me to make sure that is okay. She once even sorted the music perfectly to a photo tribute that was longer than the music – doing this seamlessly without any fuss as she had checked it before we arrived.
So I have given my chocolate (I felt like a Mrs Willy Wonka!) to the amazing man in NatWest who has banked, pretty much, all Rosedale’s donation banking without complaint – even though it meant others had to wait a bit longer to be served.
I would like to thank our lovely local florist who has looked after the floral tributes for our families and finally the Royal Mail posties who had such an additional workload.
I wanted to thank our new Minister in Bungay, Revd Joshua Bailey.
I gave a chocolate bar to say thank you to Raymond, who does acts of kindness for the Bungay office.
A big thank you to Wendy Mayhew who dedicates her time for free to help with the Beccles Bereavement Support Groups.
I’ve given thank you chocolate to the Senior Nurse at Bungay Doctors Surgery, and the Cancer Specialist Nurse at The Norfolk and Norwich Hospital.
We met with Halesworth’s Compassionate Community in Kali Woods where we gave thank you chocolates. They were enjoyed with coffee during the break and were very much appreciated.
We’d like to thank Clive at Mazwell for always providing a good service.
We thanked Park Flowers by Emily Rose with a chocolate bar – even through the pandemic she provided beautiful flowers and never let our families down.
Thank you to the driver of the hired Landrover Hearse from Bennetts Funerals who recently helped us with a service, he was here in very good time and he and his vehicle was pristine.
A big thank you to Bradnam Joinery, their drivers and office staff, who are always helpful and provide a friendly service.
A massive thank you to our colleague Barry, who prepares the ground at our services, for supporting us and always being so organised and helpful.
Thank you to the UEA – for sharing our ethos and care for the deceased and entrusting us to look after the people who donate their bodies to research.
We gave a chocolate bar to Reverend Canon Tony Billett to thank him for always being available to help or organising someone that can. He is always helpful even when he is stretched himself.LoRa Alliance®
The leading open global standard for secure, carrier-grade IoT LPWAN connectivity.
« All Events
/>
IoT Tech Expo – Europe November 23-24 in Amsterdam!
Find the event website here.
LoRaWAN Ambassador Wienke Giezeman, CEO of The Things Network, will participate on behalf of the LoRa Alliance.
24th November, Connected Infrastructures track
11:55 am CET – Panel: Connectivity for 2022 and Beyond
Find the full details on the panel here.
LoRa Alliance®5177 Brandin CourtFremont, CA 94538
Phone: +1 510-492-4044Fax: +1 510 492 4001admin@lora-alliance.org caricature artist in Commerce City, Colorado? Look no further. Browse our list of caricaturists in Commerce City to find the perfect hire for your event. Things to look for include experience working similar events, skill and experience, and recommendations from others.
Once you find a Commerce City caricature artist for hire, you'll want to check their availability. It is general...Read more
Once you find a Commerce City caricature artist for hire, you'll want to check their availability. It is general...Read moreOf The Earth
Ancient Buff Sand Candle Holder
$ 48.00
Hand-built candle holder made from a buff sandy clay. Black clay slip is applied with a sea sponge to create an ancient patina finish. Clear glaze is also applied with a sea sponge to finish it off.
Approximately width: 4-5"
fits approximately 3/4"-1” candle
Made By Of The Earth, Vancouver BC, CA© 2021 MJH Life Sciences™ and Clinical Care Targeted Communications, LLC. All rights reserved.
The findings of a poll of emergency department physicians were presented at American College of Emergency Physicians' annual Scientific Assembly, which is meeting in Las Vegas.
A poll of emergency department (ED) physicians finds that more report seeing mental health patients waiting for psychiatric placement, and 21% say patients wait 2 to 5 days for an inpatient bed.
The poll by the American College of Emergency Physicians (ACEP) found that 52% of ED doctors said that the mental health system where they practice has become worse in the past year.
“Psychiatric patients wait in the emergency department for hours and even days for a bed, which delays the psychiatric care they so desperately need,” said Rebecca Parker, MD, FACEP, the president of ACEP. “It also leads to delays in care and diminished resources for other emergency patients. The emergency department has become the dumping ground for these vulnerable patients who have been abandoned by every other part of the health care system."
The findings were reported at ACEP16, which is holding its Scientific Assembly in Las Vegas, Nevada. Other findings of the poll include:
Patients with a psychiatric diagnosis are more likely to require admission to the hospital—21% need admission vs 13.5% of medical patients. Patients with psychiatric illnesses, such as bipolar disorder, depression, or dual diagnosis, were far more likely to end up in the ED for more than a 24-hour period, according to research presented at the meeting.
The phenomenon of a loss of psychiatric beds and an increase of psychiatric visits to the ED accounts for the long wait times for patients who need to be admitted to psychiatric care. Psychiatric patients usually wait significantly longer in the ED compared with medical patients, said lead author Suzanne Catherine Lippert, MD, MS, FACEP, of Stanford University.
"In a time of decreased psychiatric inpatient beds and variable access to outpatient psychiatric centers, we are looking at a potential crisis of unmet psychiatric need," she said. "Clinical outcomes for psychiatric patients subjected to prolonged emergency department lengths of stay must be examined alongside the impact of these stays on emergency department crowding."Traditional in form but uniquely organic, the oversized Cyprus Beaded Chandelier draped in white wooden beads blurs the lines between modern classicism. Thoughtfully designed with an antique gold finished or black iron framework this six bulb chandelier is the perfect addition to a coastal interior.
Dimensions: 65cm Dia x 105cm H
Advisable to check availability prior to ordering.
Small discount given for purchases of 2 or more. Please enquire. Does not apply if you pay via Credit Card, Afterpay or Zip.
Details
Dimensions: 65cm Dia x 105cm H
Chain Length: 100cm
Weight: 13.00 kg
Electrical - 1 year Statutory Warranty
6 x E14 - Edison Screw - max 40w (bulb/s not included)
Care Instructions: Dust Regularly6. The price point where the crowds thin out at open houses is about $1.5 million. Priced below that, hordes of people will go to the open house. Above that, it’s more like one or two dozen families.
7. Look for unlisted homes. Try to find a well-connected agent who has knowledge of upcoming listings, and use sites like aaltohomes.com to find unlisted properties, advised Baker. “Some sellers don’t want to deal with listing on the MLS or open houses,” he said. “The house we bought was unlisted, and there was only one family bidding against us instead of six.”
8. Get fully underwritten by your lender, not just pre-approved. “Many houses go on/off the market in a matter of days, so you’ll want a letter ready to go in your offer packet with the bank saying ‘Yes, we are prepared to loan them the money,'” Baker shared.
9. You will most likely lose your first offer, and it will crush you. “It will be sadness on the level of a pet dying,” he said. “Try to remember the family that just outbid you is no longer in the market, and you just moved up a spot.”By Michael P Coleman
It took director M. Night Shyamalan over 15 years to get around to making a sequel to 2000’s phenomenal Unbreakable, which foreshadowed Hollywood’s fascination with the superhero genre. As hard as it is to believe, that movie (featuring compelling performances by Samuel Jackson and Bruce Willis) was years before multiplexes were home to big budget movies based on comic books.
Unbreakable holds a spot in my Top 10 movies of all time, and it’s 2016 sequel scared me Split-less. James McAvoy deserved an Oscar nomination for his portrayal of a troubled, hungry guy with multiple personalities.
Now, with the new Glass, those two movies collide for an epic conclusion to the trilogy. While you could enjoy Glass without seeing the prior movies, you wouldn’t enjoy it nearly as much.
Willis and Jackson are back as David Dunn and Mr. Glass, and they’ve lost none of their magnetism or onscreen chemistry. McAvoy, unbelievably, ups the ante by playing even more characters than he did in Split.
And as is the case with the best of Shyamalan’s movies, the director is always one or two steps ahead of the audience. Comparisons to Hitchcock and Spielberg are very well deserved.
Make sure you watch Unbreakable and Split before seeing Glass, and trust me on this: you’ll be pouring a glass of wine (I had to) and thinking about this new film long after the lights go back up in that theatre.
Just trust me.
Wow.
Split is playing in theaters everywhere.
Connect with freelancer writer Michael P Coleman at michaelpcoleman.com or follow him on Twitter: @ColemanMichaelP./cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/63108053/usa_today_12222790.0.jpg)
The New Orleans Pelicans were without Anthony Davis tonight as the playoff-hopeful Los Angeles Lakers, with LeBron James and a wealth of explosive young talent behind him, came into the Smoothie King Center looking for an easy win.
pic.twitter.com/r9mG57V0Qu— New Orleans Pelicans (@PelicansNBA) February 24, 2019
Alas, they failed!
The Pelicans took down the purple-and-gold 128-115, leading by double-digits for almost the entire contest. The off-the-court matters that loom large over this matchup have been covered at length, and given the circumstances, this post will celebrate the wonderful on-court show New Orleans put on rather than all of that extra noise.
Despite an abundance of productive performances up and down the roster, the best player on the court tonight was none other than Jrue Holiday. He put on a display that was equal parts aggressive (his 18 field goal attempts were tied for the most in the game), efficient (10-18 shooting overall, 5-9 from three point range) and unselfish (seven assists and only one turnover).
It seemed like whenever the Lakers attempted to make a dent in their deficit, Holiday would force a turnover, knock down a triple or create an opportunity for a teammate. He will be the first to tell you that he leads by example on the court, and fortunately for the Pelicans, nearly everyone on the team did just that.
Kenrich getting it done on both ends. He taps the loose ball away from James and Bullock to get the Pels into transition and then is ready to shoot when the ball swings back to him. He has 3 triples here in the first half. pic.twitter.com/KubvZYUxHZ— David M. Grubb (@DMGrubb) February 24, 2019
Diallo has been awesome again tonight. Now if only we could get him to work with Jerry Rice over the summer.— Chris Conner (@Impatientbull) February 24, 2019
Elfrid Payton's effort has been incredible. After stripping LeBron James moments earlier, he flies in for an offensive rebound to keep the Pelicans possession alive.— Oleh Kosel (@OlehKosel) February 24, 2019
Pelicans taking a 69-57 lead into halftime and it's been a glorious time without Anthony Davis.
Elfrid Payton played in just his 20th game of the season tonight, but it may have been his best. His 14 points, nine assists and five rebounds contributed to a game-high +20, which is 31 points greater than the -11 mark for the Pelicans’ starting point guard from last season, Rajon Rondo. As Oleh noted above, the effort was never lacking. The fact that it was productive makes it all the better.
With four minutes to play in the second quarter, Rondo tossed an alley that LeBron James ooped, making the score 57-54. It was the closest the Lakers would get to the lead for the rest of the evening.
For most of the game, Julius Randle and Kenrich Williams were on LeBron James duty, (which the unofficial The Bird Writes style guide calls “playing defense on LeBron James” as opposed to the interpretation of some Pelicans, who believe it to mean “bowing to every whim of LeBron James”) and did about as good a job as could have been asked of them. James got his numbers, totaling 27 points, 12 assists and seven rebounds, but holding him to a standard performance with the teammates he has will more often than not result in a win.
Enough beating around the bush: it’s time to talk Cheick Diallo. If Holiday energized his teammates with his play, Diallo did so to Pelicans fans both in the Smoothie King Center and out of it with his.
Diallo with a one-man block party on Bourbon Street. #doitBIG #LakeShow #NBA— SBR Sports Picks (@SBRSportsPicks) February 24, 2019
pic.twitter.com/9yMlYkQVQE
He had two highlight-reel blocks, each of which was followed by an amalgamation of celebrations. Whether he was signaling for the crowd to make some noise or simply expressing his pride for Wakanda, he was a spark plug.
The highlights were complemented by a pristine stat line as well: 18 points (just one below his career high) and 10 rebounds on a perfect 8-8 from the field. Jahlil Okafor played only 13 minutes in this contest, which would have seemed like a bummer if not for Diallo’s performance. The work ethic of Diallo has probably been praised by everyone in the Pelicans organization at this point, and seeing it come to fruition on a stage such as this is just plain sweet. That the New Orleans Pelicans Twitter immortalize him after the game was the perfect cherry on top:
Pelicans win in good faith. #PelicansGameday | #doitBIG— New Orleans Pelicans (@PelicansNBA) February 24, 2019
(via: @Zatarains) pic.twitter.com/bacVOuVLM8
If the season ended tonight, I don’t think many Pelicans fans would complain. It is a feel-good win for a multitude of reasons. But the grind cannot stop just yet. The Joel Embiid-less Philadelphia 76ers await the team on Monday, February 25, before they make their way to the Staples Center for a rematch against the Lakers on Wednesday, February 27. If the Pelicans continue to follow Holiday’s lead, they could very well win both of those games. For now, we will relish in the victory in this one.
Playing for his teammates & the city of New Orleans - congratulations @Jrue_Holiday11 and the @PelicansNBA on a fabulous Mardi Gras W! pic.twitter.com/qCJkswdAan— Jennifer Hale (@JenHale504) February 24, 2019Sarakiniko Beach Weather
Sarakiniko Beach Weather Info
Current weather (Sat Nov 27th 02:00)
(Cloudy)
20°C / 68°F
Sea temperature19.2°C
66.6 Sarakiniko Beach UV Index
A UV Index reading of 3 or more means some precautions should be taken. For more information visit our guide to the UV Index.After months of speculations, Motorola is all set to finally unveil the company's new mid-range phone Moto Z3 Play early next month.
The Lenovo-owned company is sending invites to local media outlets for product briefing on June 6 in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Like previous times, Motorola has not specifically mentioned the name of the device but has left a teaser to build curiosity among fans. The invitation shows a woman model holding a big-screen phone with 'Save the date 06.06.18' message on the screen.
The phone in question is quite similar to Moto Z3 Play image leaked by renowned tipster Evan Blass (@evleaks), at least the front part.
Moto Z3 Play features FullView display with thin bezels on the right and left side; whereas the top and bottom bezels too have been trimmed just enough to keep the front-camera, LED flash and companion sensors on the top, and a slim chin at the base for Motorola brand engraving and two mics.
It can be noted that there is no physical home button in the front panel. In previous editions, it used to house fingerprint sensor. Now, there is no sign of it even on the back. Rumour has it that Motorola has trans-located the biometric sensor more convenient place on the right side edge.
Moto Z3 Play in Deep Indigo pic.twitter.com/868WiA3CG6— Evan Blass (@evleaks) May 11, 2018
We can see there is an empty space on the right side edge below the volume rockers (up and down). We believe it might be the new home of the finger scanner. In the predecessor, that space was occupied by the power button, now looks like, it's been shifted to the left side edge.
On the back side, Moto Z3 Play comes with glossy glass back, which exudes premium feel. And yet, it retains the unique modular design factor of the previous generation. It features the familiar big circular camera module on the rear-side with dual snappers and multi-tone LED flash on the top and also the 16-pin connector at the base to dock the snap-on mods with a lone mic below it.
Other stipulated features of the Moto Z3 Play includes a 6.0-inch screen with full HD+ (2160x1080p) resolution, Android Oreo software, Qualcomm Snapdragon 636 octa-core CPU, 4GB/6GB RAM, 32GB/64GB storage and a 3,000mAh battery, which is more than enough to keep the phone running for a whole day under mixed usage.
With close to two weeks left before the official launch, Motorola like the Moto G6 series is expected to tease key features of the Moto Z3 Play to keep the fans excited for the launch. We expect the company to reveal Moto Z2 Play may come with face unlock feature, which has become a new norm in the industry.
Like all previous editions, Moto Z3 Play will also be releasing in India. It will be retailed in the price range of Rs 20,000 and Rs 30,000 and will be competing with Vivo V9 and Oppo F7, among others.The 12th annual Wings & Wheels Over Wadena Fly/Drive In and Community Day is set for 7 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturday, June 30 at the Wadena Airport.
The show includes airplane rides, static displays of helicopter, emergency vehicles, bounce houses, warbirds, car show, food, activities and contests for the kids, Screaming Eagles model airplane demonstrations and raffle tickets are available.
The event is free and a breakfast at the event goes from 7 a.m. to noon for a fee.
This event is put on by the Wadena Pilot's Association Inc., a non-profit association made up of pilots from the Wadena area. It is their goal to raise awareness for general aviation and raise funds to promote aviation education.
Organizers say this event is for the entire family. Raffle tickets get you a chance at winning a $1,000 grand prize, freezer full of meat, guns, tools, women's gift baskets, gift certificates and more.
Wadena Pilot's Association president Dano Ostrander said there are added events for the youngsters this year like a free raffle that gives kids a chance to win a pedal tractor, camping packages and a autographed Twins baseball. And the first 100 kids take home a styrofoam airplane.
Ostrander said if the weather is good, he hopes to see upwards of 50-60 planes as well as helicopters from Life Link III, North Memorial and the Minnesota State Patrol. You can also expect to see emergency vehicles from the area.
"We're hoping this event is one of the best," Ostrander said.
New this year to go with the pancakes is a popcorn vendor.
Those with show cars are encouraged to come out as there is a nice payout for top prize winner at the car show also on the grounds, according to Ostrander. Aside from the work of Wadena Pilot's Association, Ostrander thanks the city of Wadena and area sponsors for making this event happen.
For more information or to volunteer, contact Dano Ostrander at 218-282-6623 or email at bellelaneaviation@outlook.com. The airport is located 3 miles west of Wadena on State Hwy 29.In the present day, take up great modern casino game titles online web-sites happen to be presenting a fabulous extra to gamers..
These may end up being the precise analyzable assessment to the Superstar Silhouette Eastern Mediterranean sea Luxury cruise Review..A new report shows parents are giving increasingly large financial gifts so their kids can afford down payments in Canada’s hot housing market.
The report by CIBC deputy chief economist Benjamin Tal found the average gift for first time homebuyers rose to $82,000 in 2020, compared to $52,000 in 2015. It found 30 per cent of Canadians received financial help from their families in 2020.
The numbers were larger in bigger cities, with the average gift in Toronto during the first three quarters of 2021 estimated at more than $130,000, and $180,000 in Vancouver.
For people getting assistance to move from a starter condo or townhouse to a larger family home, the gifts were larger yet, with an average of $340,000 in gifts in Vancouver.
“The involvement of parents in their kids’ life has risen when it comes to wanting a house, there’s no question about it,” said Tal, adding that two-thirds of people who received financial gifts reported the money was their main source for a down payment.
He said it’s a worrying sign about affordability in Canada’s housing market, but said that interest rates are low enough that Canadians can still largely afford mortgage payments without the same kind of help.
“Given the increase in home prices, you need a significant down payment just to enter the market,” said Tal.
“But interest rates are very very low, so people can afford dealing with the mortgage.”
Murtaza Haider, a professor of Data Science and Real Estate Management at Ryerson University, said the increase in the size of gifts is worrying because it widens the gap between the growth in housing prices versus the growth in Canadian wages.
“In the absence of such transfers of gifts, there would be some relationship between how prices increase, and they usually are in some relation to household incomes,” said Haider.
“But if people have access to these large amount of savings from their payments, then that link further decouples and prices can appreciate even faster.”
He said widespread gift giving becomes a self-feeding cycle, where financial gifts are a factor in rising housing costs, which in turn make parents inclined to give even more gifts.
“This clearly shows that buyers with wealthy parents, or parents who have access to credit, are giving their kids an advantage that the rest would not have, and it obviously increases the affordability gap.”
Both Haider and Tal said parents seem to be treating their financial gifts as a sort of fast-tracked inheritance, and Tal said this trend grew because people who remained employed during the pandemic ended up saving more money than usual.
There are other ways parents are helping their children secure a home.
Tal said some parents co-sign on homes, while others use their equity or credit scores to take out better loans to help their children save on interest.
Others are choosing to buy the home outright while their children are still young, so they can secure the home before the price balloons.
The rapidly growing prices causing parents to take these actions are here to stay while supply is tight, Tal said.
“Unfortunately, this is the reality we’re in, unless we fix the supply issues facing the market,” said Tal.
—Salmaan Farooqui, The Canadian PressClub Mykonos Indoor Fireplace Accommodation
Club Mykonos in Western Cape
11 Sunset Heights
20% OFF
- Wi-Fi
- Swimming Pool
- Braai/Barbecue
- On-site Parking
The Loft House
The loft is a spacious 2 bedroom house, situated 5 min walk to the beach and club Mykonos. Tastefully furnished with everything at hand. Inside and...
- Braai/Barbecue
- On-site Parking
>>IMAGE Indoor FireplaceTimely as ever. Ten new TV shows and movies have just landed on Netflix ahead of the weekend - choose your poison from the list below, grab some treats, and you're sorted!
Cursed (Now on Netflix) Business of Drugs (Now on Netflix).
Father Soldier Son (Now on Netflix)
When Sgt. First Class Brian Eisch is critically wounded in Afghanistan, it sets him and his sons on a journey of love, loss, redemption and legacy..
Dark Desire (Now on Netflix)
Alma Solares, a prestigious lawyer and college professor, a dangerous obsession, unravelling a chain of secrets of a past that fatally binds them all.
Skin Decision: Before and After (Now on Netflix)
Plastic surgeon Dr. Sheila Nazarian and skin-care expert Nurse Jamie use the latest procedures to transform clients and bring out their best selves.
Indian Matchmaking (Now on Netflix)
Matchmaker Sima Taparia guides clients in the U.S. and India in the arranged marriage process, offering an inside look at the custom in a modern era.
Fatal Affair (Now.
MILF (FR) (Now on Netflix)
Three best friends in their 40s start relationships with younger men while on vacation.
Urzila Carlson: Overqualified Loser (Now on Netflix)
Urzila Carlson keeps the laughs coming with thoughts on "The Biggest Loser," sex tapes and boxed wine in a stand-up special from Melbourne, Australia
Cinderella Pop (Now on Netflix)
Fiercely independent and disillusioned with love, a teen DJ is determined to chart her own path, till a pop heartthrob falls for her awesome.San Francisco 49ers chief executive Jed York responded quickly and decisively, condemning President Trump’s remarks in a matter of hours Saturday. New York Jets acting owner Christopher Johnson, whose brother Woody is U.S. ambassador to the United Kingdom, waited until after kickoff Sunday to issue a statement that avoided the president, instead expressing generic support for his players.
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, usually prone to speak off the cuff about mostly anything, was one of just two NFL owners, along with Carolina Panthers owner Jerry Richardson, who remained silent as a political firestorm engulfed the league. And Daniel Snyder of the Redskins waited until kickoff of Washington’s game against the Oakland Raiders on Sunday night to issue a statement that also didn’t mention Trump or his comments, instead ambiguously promising the team would “work to address divisions and bring unity, civility and respect to our greater community.”
Trump’s decision to wage a social media offensive this weekend against NFL players who protest racial injustice during the national anthem created an uncomfortable situation for NFL owners, a heavily white, wealthy group that includes several Trump friends and supporters. Before Friday, NFL owners had registered an implicit vote against such protests by leaving former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick unemployed, but Trump’s derision of any player protesting as a “son of a bitch” who should be released drew direct rebukes from the owners of 10 clubs, including some Trump friends.
[NFL protests grow as Trump again urges boycott]
Perhaps the most surprising response came from New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, a friend and donor to the president who arranged for Trump to receive a Super Bowl ring after New England’s latest title.
“I am deeply disappointed by the tone of the comments made by the president on Friday,” Kraft said in a statement issued Sunday morning. “Our players are intelligent, thoughtful and care deeply about our community and I support their right to peacefully affect social change and raise awareness in a manner that they feel is most impactful.”
York issued one of the stronger rebukes, terming Trump’s comments “callous and offensive” and “contradictory to what this great country stands for.”
“Our players have exercised their rights as United States citizens in order to spark conversation and action to address social injustice. We will continue to support them in their peaceful pursuit of positive change in our country and around the world,” York said.
Snyder, who donated $1 million to Trump's inaugural committee, was the last owner to weigh in Sunday evening with a statement released minutes before the Redskins owner appeared on the sideline, arms locked with his players, during the anthem.
Kraft was one of three owners who donated to the president’s campaign or inaugural committee who criticized Trump, along with the owners of the Cleveland Browns and Houston Texans.
Browns owners Jimmy and Dee Haslam called the president’s comments “misguided, uninformed and divisive.”
.
Texans owner Bob McNair said Trump’s remarks “were divisive and counterproductive to what our country needs right now.”
“I hope the reaction from our players results in positive action for our league, our communities and our country as a whole to make a positive difference in our society,” McNair said.
Jones — whose corporation Glenstone Limited Partnership donated $1 million to Trump’s inaugural committee — remained silent, as did Richardson.
[Shahid Khan has long espoused the American Dream]
Jacksonville Jaguars owner Shahid Khan, the league’s only Muslim owner, stood on the sideline with his players during the anthem, then released a statement terming Trump’s remarks “divisive and contentious.”
“Our team and the National Football League reflects our nation, with diversity coming in many forms — race, faith, our views and our goals. We have a lot of work to do, and we can do it, but the comments by the President make it harder,” Khan said.
Owners or top executives from the Buffalo Bills, Green Bay Packers, Indianapolis Colts, New Orleans Saints and New York Giants also criticized Trump directly in comments.
The remaining clubs and owners released statements that, in a variety of ways, avoided mentioning Trump while expressing support for players.
Perhaps the blandest statement came from Johnson, whose brother Woody donated $1 million to Trump’s inaugural committee. Christopher Johnson stood on the sideline with the Jets on Sunday and then released a statement that said, in part, “We are very proud of our players and their strong commitment to work in our community to make a positive, constructive, and unifying impact.”
Philadelphia Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie and Detroit Lions owner Martha Firestone Ford were among those who decided to join their players on the field as well.
“Thanks primarily to our players, the NFL also has been a unifying force in our country, and impactful change has and hopefully will continue to be the result of peaceful expression, done so in order to highlight social injustices of all kind,” Ford said. “Negative and disrespectful comments suggesting otherwise are contrary to the founding principles of our country, and we do not support those comments or opinions.”
Read more coverage:
Broncos’ Derek Wolfe says he stands during anthem for ‘the men who died in real battle’
Sally Jenkins: NFL shows restraint in the face of vulgarity — and gets it right
‘We?What is Heavy Duty Towing?
Do you have heavy vehicles or equipment and meet accidents or trouble along the way? Have you experienced difficulties in bringing your heavy equipment or vehicles to the nearest repair shop? If yes, then hiring our company tow truck Denton for heavy duty towing is the best solution to your difficulties. Our company has high-quality tow trucks that can help you in towing your heavy equipment immediately. Apart from that, you do not need to worry about our schedule since we are available any time of the day!
Do you have any idea about heavy duty towing? Well, if none you do not have to worry since this article will help you. Heavy duty towing services is the option when heavy equipment is can`t be towed in normal way. The torque and horsepower play significant role in heavy duty towing since they will be the one to pull and move the heavy equipment.
There are instances that heavy equipment owners are having difficulties on transferring or bringing their heavy equipment on the repair shop when in trouble or transferring it to another workplace. But with the help of the heavy-duty towing, their difficulties are being solved immediately. However, finding the best company that will ensure that your equipment is in good hands is not easy. Some heavy-duty towing company cause damages to the heavy equipment that gains bunches of negative feedback. Some company meets accidents because they do not have high-quality tools and equipment for heavy duty towing. There are types of vehicles that require heavy duty towing, these include the following:
Buses. It requires full power and strength by heavy duty trucks to tow a bus.
Vehicle that is extreme.
Semi-trucks and trailers
Motorhomes
RVs
Garbage trucks
Trailers
Bobtails
Big rigs
Back hoes
You do not have to worry about any vehicles since our company has appropriate heavy-duty trucks that can accommodate those. For your information, we are one of the most fast-growing companies in terms of heavy-duty towing. We have served not just our community but all over the world. We will ensure that every process that we will undergo is accurate and well-planned.
Furthermore, you do not have to worry about the charges since we will give you written charges that includes where your money goes. It is to ensure that we do not have hidden agenda in giving services to our customers. Rest assured that your money is worth spending for.
If you want to keep in touch with us and avail our services, you can visit our website or send us messages. We are overwhelmed that you have chosen our company for your heavy-duty towing. We are also honored and beyond grateful giving services like no other. We will ensure that the trust that you give to us is worthwhile. Stay tuned for more details and for more excellent services from our company. Stay safe and have a blast!
Recent CommentsORLANDO, Fla., April 19, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- SME's RAPID Conference & Exposition will be hosted at the Orange County Convention Center in Orlando, Florida, from May 16-19. RAPID is known worldwide as the unrivaled authority on 3D knowledge and expertise. RAPID will feature keynotes from the industry's foremost additive manufacturing experts, who will speak on groundbreaking processes, applications, materials, and research in additive manufacturing. The conversations will focus on digital manufacturing, 4D printing in medical, and the future of additive manufacturing.
Transition to Production (Monday, May 16)
RAPID kicks off on Monday with a special keynote presentation about the opportunities and challenges in progressing additive manufacturing technology to full part production. The discussion will feature Kevin Creehan, director of technology transition, America Makes – National Additive Manufacturing Innovation Institute (NAMII), National Center for Defense Manufacturing and Machining (NCDMM), Leo Christodoulou, PhD, director, engineering structures and materials technology, chief engineer, materials and manufacturing technology, The Boeing Company, and Barbara Negroe, advanced manufacturing initiatives – additive manufacturing, GE Corporate Supply Chain & Operations.
Participants will hear how manufacturers are working to facilitate their transition from prototypes and to larger production volumes. The presentation will help professionals understand how repeatable and reliable processes, standards development and a qualified workforce play a role.
Factory of the Future (Tuesday, May 17)
Stephen Nigro, president of 3D printing, HP Inc., will take part in Tuesday's presentation discussing additive manufacturing and how 3D technologies impact the "Factory of the Future." Joining him in the discussion will be John Vickers, principal technologist, space technology mission directorate, National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), and Dean Bartles, chief manufacturing officer and executive director, Digital Manufacturing & Design Innovation Institute (DMDI), UI LABS.
The discussion will delve deep into how 3D technologies and additive manufacturing are uniquely positioned for the digital factory. The Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) provides a new opportunity for devices to make their own decisions and to create digital twin parts that operate in the virtual realm.
4D Printing in Medicine (Wednesday, May 18)
Additive manufacturing is increasingly being used in the production of medical devices, particularly for static applications in orthopedics and orthodontics. On Wednesday, RAPID attendees can join Robert Morrison, MD, resident, otolaryngology - head & neck surgery, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor and Scott Hollister, PhD, professor of biomedical engineering and mechanical engineering, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, as they discuss how thoughtful device design and biomaterial selection allows production of medical devices that change with growing anatomy, also referred to as "4D printing". Morrison and Hollister will explore the usage of 4D printing to produce patient-specific additively manufactured implants for children with disorders of the windpipe.
What's next for additive manufacturing? (Thursday, May 19)
Another highlight this year is Thursday's keynote, "The Future of Additive Manufacturing and 3D Printing" with Terry Wohlers, FSME, principal consultant and president, Wohlers Associates, Inc. Wohlers is a principal author of Wohlers Report, a yearly publication that provides data of critical importance to product developers, manufacturers, service providers, investors, researchers, and educators in the additive manufacturing industry. He will discuss astounding changes in the industry and share why current trends will help to expand the underdeveloped supply chain, resulting in many new jobs, opportunities, and challenges worldwide.
"Once again, I am thrilled to be a part of this year's RAPID event," said Wohlers. "As additive manufacturing continues to evolve and gain traction for production applications, RAPID gives us a great opportunity to explore ways of further advancing this exciting industry."
Registration is currently open for attendees and media. To register or learn more about the event and keynote presentations, please visit.
About RAPID
For.
Logo -
SOURCE SME
Share this article- Origin: CN(Origin)
- Formulation: Pencil
- Number of Pieces: One Unit
- Country/Region of Manufacture: China
- Certificate Number: //
- Type: Eyeliner
- Ingredient: Eyeliner
- Waterproof / Water-Resistant: Yes
- Model Number: Eyeliner pen
- Quantity: 1pc
- Benefit: Long-lasting
- Benefit: Easy to Wear
- Benefit: Fast/Quick Dry
- Benefit: Natural Factors
- NET WT: 11g
- Color: 12 colors (optional)
- Shelf life: 3 years
- Size: 1*1*15cm
- Shipping: Fast delivery
- In Stock: Adequate
- Support: Wholesale/Dropshiping
- Package Included: 1* eyeliner
14 colors Eyeliner Pencil Waterproof Eyeliner Pen Precision Long-lasting Liquid Eye Liner Smooth Pro women Make Up Tools TSLM1<<
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.ANTHONY A MAGALETTA is a Electricians - Electrician Journeyman licensed to practice in New Hampshire. This licensed professional license is not current. The license was granted 08/31/1976 and expired on 03/31/1985.
New Hampshire
Office of Professional Licensure and Certification
Share this license
This website is unaffiliated with the Office of Professional Licensure and Certification.
Please verify all information directly with the relevant official government authority.
Are you familiar with ANTHONY A MAGALETTA's work? Add a comment below. You can write anonymously and
without
having to create an account.AgriTech
Cohort 2
Hey, AgriTech stakeholders!
Are you ready to join X-Europe?
The open call for Cohort 2 - AgriTech is now closed for startups. The cohort itself will last for five months from October 2020 to February 2021. Learn more about the benefits below.
Cohort 2 key dates
4 September
Applications close
24 September
Selection announcement
8 October
X-Europe Intro Webinar
2 November - 15 January
Investment matchmaking,
1-on-1 mentoring
23 October
Remote Training with
Growth Tribe
16 - 17 November
Design Terminal
AgriTech Conference
9 - 13 November
Acceleration at Design Terminal
November - February
Incubation at TechChill
January - February
Incubation at TNW
27 - 28 October
Group Online Workshop Design Terminal Event 2020
CORPORATIONS
An event day for you to meet selected startups and identify the best startup partner for you.
Invite to an event specific to your industry, bringing together Investors, ecosystem builders and of course startups in your domain
Design Terminal Event 2020 conference presence and exposure
Direct access to matchmaking with the 25 most innovative European AgriTech startups
Connections to ecosystem builders and deeptech stakeholders at Design Terminal Event 2020
Matchmake with corporate and government representatives
Network with other investors
INVESTORS
Take a look back at the Future of AgriTech Summit
In the middle of November, X-Europe’s second cohort reached an exciting milestone: Design Terminal organised the Future of Agritech Online Summit with huge success. We are here to present you a cool behind-the-scenes video of the event. 2 eventful days, 14 hot topics, 23 experts from 14 countries – and a whole lot of electronic devices and cords. Take a look at how we succeeded in tackling the obstacles! It was an honor to lighten up the enormous X sign behind all the great minds of the conference. To look back on the event, you can also watch the panels of the summit on Design Terminal’s Youtube channel.We are engaged in complex production of cable harnesses for various customer applications (from simple to complex systems). Our products find their application not only in many industrial and transport applications, but also in households. We have many years of experience in the production and design of cable harnesses, our cable harnesses work reliably in a number of very demanding applications. We gladly manufacture for you from simple jumpers, power cables to sets of larger cable harnesses. We can also create higher assemblies of wiring harnesses, carry out their assembling, thus saving time in your production (e.g. connect the motor to the cable harnesses, soldering cable harnesses to printed circuits, connect flexo cord or cable harnesses to appliances).
We proceed in the same way both in the production of prototypes and in serial production. At least once during the production process, all wiring harnesses are 100% checked. The system of all checking is designed to ensure perfect cable harness quality at all stages of the production process. During the production we proceed according to the documentation supplied by the customer, or we design and create our own documentation according to your requirements. Our team is ready to meet the challenges of your needs - whether in the field of traditional cable connections or in the realization of your individual projects.
We will be pleased to provide you with free advice on cable harness design, using of appropriate technologies or materials, and help to improve the design, functionality or use of your cable harness.
We ensure material only from well-established and reliable suppliers proven by long-term business cooperation.Will the Fed raise interest rates in 2021? Here’s what experts are was downside risks (like the Delta variant) by determining how much you pay to borrow and how much you’re paid to save.
The Fed at this point is expecting to lift borrowing costs from their rock-bottom levels in 2023, and on deck is another key policy change: slowing down their massive asset-purchasing program worth at least $120 billion a month, which could potentially lift interest rates on other longer-dated debt, such as mortgages.
“Inflection points are really hard,” says Vincent Reinhart, chief economist and macro strategist at Mellon who spent 24 years at the Fed. “When you’re going down a straight road, you can go really fast, and you know what to do when the unemployment rate is double digits. Fed communication is easy at that point because everybody agrees to the problem. … But if the driver has said, ‘No, I’m going to wait until we see the yellow caution signs on the road before I slow down,’ you may have more concerns.”
Consumers are starting to see inflation, and that could threaten the Fed’s patience
Consumer prices in July rose 5.3 percent from a year ago, marking the fourth straight month that inflation had increased by the fastest pace in 13 years.
Americans.
Fed officials in their latest economic projections see prices rising above target this year, then moderating back down near 2 percent in 2022 and 2023.
“To the extent people are implementing price increases because raw materials are going up or labor costs or something is going up, the question for inflation really is, does that mean they’re going to go up the next year by the same amount?” Powell said during a July press conference, describing what he means by transitory inflation. “I don’t mean that producers are going to take those price increases back.”
A persistent upward movement in inflation could create an environment similar to the Great Inflation of the late 1970s and early 1980s, a lengthy period where prices skyrocketed after years of big government spending on the Vietnam War, two oil shocks and a too-accommodative monetary policy. Back then, the Fed had to manufacture a recession to get prices back on track by raising interest rates to intentionally slow down the economy.
Former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers warned in May that the Fed is laying the groundwork for another high-inflationary period, calling the Fed’s patience stance a “dangerous complacency.”
Yet, the Fed is unlikely to see one month’s worth of a price burst as a sign that the Great Inflation is here again, experts say.
“It took 15 years to get to the peak, where inflation expectations were out of control and the Fed stepped in with a recession,” says David Beckworth, senior research fellow at the Mercatus Center at George Mason University and a former Treasury Department economist. “Even if we are reciprocating the 1970s like Larry Summers claims, it’s a long journey. It’s not going to happen overnight.”
Beckworth adds that a sustained period of inflation above 2 percent for at least a year might be enough to warrant a rate hike.
But the longer prices continue to rise, the trickier the situation could get for the Fed. Consumers’ opinions on where prices are going to rise have a lot to do with the current inflation rate, meaning inflation expectations could perk back up the longer prices keep climbing.
Rising inflation expectations could prove to create the inflation that’s feared all along. That’s because it gives businesses more wherewithal to hike prices and workers more room to ask for higher pay if the general public starts to expect that their money won’t be worth as much.
Bill English, finance professor at the Yale School of Management who spent more than 20 years at the Fed, calls it “the dealbreaker” — especially if expectation gauges across the board move up by more than a few tenths. “At that point, they might feel that they have to pull back more quickly than they had intended. It could go too far, and that is the risk,” he says.
“If we saw signs that the path of inflation or longer-term inflation expectations were moving materially and persistently beyond levels consistent with our goal, we’d be prepared to adjust the stance of policy,” Powell also said in July.
Before the Fed raises interest rates, expect this key policy change
Another factor that could ultimately delay the Fed’s rate-hike timeline: its asset purchases.
When a downturn is severe enough, the Fed won’t just slash interest rates to zero but also buy government-backed debt on the open market. That helps push down the longer-term interest rates that aren’t traditionally influenced by the Fed’s main policy lever, the federal funds rate.
The Fed each month is currently purchasing $40 billion worth of mortgage-backed securities and $80 billion a month of Treasurys. That’s provided an extra form of economic stimulus by weighing on mortgage rates, fueling a refinance and housing market boom with borrowing costs sinking to some of their lowest levels in history.
But the Fed has already made it clear that it’d like to stop buying assets before hiking interest rates, mainly because the two policies would contradict each other.
Yet, the Fed is still mulling over when the economy might be able to stand on its own two feet without the extra juice. Officials have said they’d like to see “substantial further progress” on their two economic objectives — stable prices and maximum employment — by the time they back away from their bond-buying program.
While inflation has risen, the job market is still being held down by labor shortages and work disruptions as virus cases, enhanced unemployment benefits and child care issues combine to keep workers on the sidelines.
About 3.1 million people have dropped out of the labor force since the start of the pandemic, and up in the air is how many of those exits became permanent. Some workers might have realized they could get by with fewer people working in their household, while others may have decided to retire early. The unemployment rate has steadily declined to 5.4 percent from 14.6 percent, yet the U.S. economy is still short some 5.7 million jobs compared to pre-outbreak levels.
Virus resurgence a downside risk to the economy
Virus variants could also derail progress, bringing back restrictions that could hold the economy back. And even without formal lockdowns, consumers may already be growing apprehensive about dining and shopping outside of their homes again, with retail sales in July falling by 1.1 percent as fears about the virus mounted and government stimulus dried up. On the other hand, factories could close both in the U.S. and abroad if virus cases continue to surge, further dismembering supply chains and exacerbating inflationary pressures.
Fed officials in July admitted that the economy had shown progress, while records of their July meeting showed that “most” participants said a bond-buying slowdown could be warranted this year.
When that time comes, however, rate hikes might not exactly be around the corner. “It would be important that the committee clearly reaffirm the absence of any mechanical link between the timing of tapering and that of an eventual increase in the target range for the federal funds rate,” according to the July Fed meeting minutes.
“There are going to be a lot of crosscurrents, and it’s not going to be a one-way stream,” says Rhea Thomas, senior economist at Wilmington Trust. “They will hold off on withdrawing policy as much as they can to avoid harming the labor market recovery, but it will be the virus that determines whether those rate hikes get pushed further out or are faster than expected and depend on inflation expectations.”
If the Fed arrives ‘late to the party,’ experts say you might have to brace for faster and more aggressive rate hikes
Experts say the longer the Fed waits to take the punch bowl away from the economy’s party, the bigger the likelihood that they might have to shut down the boom more quickly. That might mean a faster pace of borrowing cost increases at a bigger rate to get inflation and economic growth under control.
That would be in direct contrast with the gradual rate-hike rhythm Fed officials found after the Great Recession of 2007-2009. The Fed hiked rates nine times throughout the decade-plus expansion, though later walked back three of those increases in 2019.
“If you push back an awful long way, then there’s really some probability that you have to raise rates pretty fast, depending on, of course, what the economy is doing,” English says. “Markets will potentially have to get comfortable with that, but for now, we just don’t know.”
The Fed “is coming late to the party, but that’s by design,” Beckworth says. Coronavirus pandemic aside, the U.S. central bank is now juggling its twin goals — maximum employment and stable prices — differently. In plain English: The Fed is now willing to stomach higher inflation for longer periods of time to let the job market run hot, leading to lower-for-longer interest rates.
“Imagine a world where you didn’t have the pandemic happen,” Beckworth says. “The Fed’s new framework would still require some amount of temporary inflation overshoot intentionally, if there’s been a recession.”
Officials might also not want to risk getting the next rate-hiking cycle wrong. The Fed knows that raising interest rates too soon risks needlessly slowing down the economy, keeping millions of Americans jobless who would’ve otherwise found employment if the financial system had a bit more time to grow.
“Their policy tool is asymmetric,” Reinhart says. “If they get it wrong and convey a sense of tightening too soon and the rebound lags, there’s not a lot they can do other than push out when they would ultimately remove that accommodation. They get it wrong on the other side, inflation expectations rise, they’ve got tools at a later date to deal with it.”
Bottom line
It’s a tricky juggling act moving forward for Powell, who won’t want to spook investors by brushing the economic rebound under the rug or prime them for a rate hike before the economy is ready.
“The front-end risk is that investors come to expect inappropriate policy tightening too soon; the back-end risk is that investors come to expect inappropriate delay in policy tightening. Powell is more worried about the front-end risk than the back-end risk,” Reinhart says. “From a central bank’s perspective, raising rates is either a thing they look forward to or they really, really worry about. When the date comes, the Fed will raise rates because it will be the economy forcing them to do it.”
Learn more:
- 8 best low-risk investments
- Boomers, here’s your 5-point plan to fight back against low savings interest rates
- Even with yields declining, a savings account is still an important part of your financial planCarbide Boring Bar Set
Hss chucking reamer lot 5 lbs read notes.
Carbide boring bar set. 1 16 of 26 results for carbide tipped. The shafts are finished with black oxide for corrosion resistance. 8 pc high precision expanding arbors set mandrels 1 4 to 1 1 4 lathe milling. Msc 08036105 everede tool 100 set.
The super hard c6 carbide cutters hold an edge for long term clean cutting. 9 pc 1 2 shank bore c6 carbide tip boring bar set. The most effective means possible for creating precise hole cuts with your metal lathe and boring head on a milling machine. Deep into wood metal or plastic.
Use this boring bar set and your mill or drill press to bore holes up to 3 in. 2 boring combo set with 9 pc 1 2 boring bar set. Set 1 2 shank comparison charts. Grizzly g4053 carbide boring bar 9 pc.
Commercial quality boring bars offer outstanding accuracy and long lasting durability. New 5 8 boring bar set 12 pcs carbide tipped bars 5 8 shank lathe tool. Titanium nitride tin is a multi purpose coating that iincreases chip flow in softer materials. Includes 2 boring head r8 shank adjusting wrenches and 9 pieces 1 2 shank carbide tipped boring bar set 6.
8 40 shipping. Hardened and ground adjusting screw along with a wide base design guarantees long life and trouble free use. Carbide insert holder sets these sets have a variety of indexable boring insert holders with carbide inserts and a wood storage stand. It is extremely heat resistant and used on cast iron nonferrous metals and other tough to machine materials.
Solid carbide is used for high performace applications. Borite b 500 6 9pc premium 1 2 shank c6 boring bar set carbide tipped list price. C 6 carbide tipped boring bar set 1 2 shank new 18 55. Boring bar set carbide tipped.
Boring bars are used to enlarge or finish the inside diameter of a workpiece. 7 32 min diam smallest bar 3 8 min diam largest bar carbide indexable boring bar set 1 7 16 1 5 8 1 3 4 6 max bore depth.
Random Posts
- Chiara Ferragni Red Carpet Venezia 2018
- Certainteed S Vinyl Siding
- Carpet Cleaning Wagga
- Carpet Cleaning Services Northern Nj
- Cat Shaped Marble Cutting Board
- Central Electric Power Cooperative North Carolina
- Chesterfield Sofa Showroom London
- Cheap Wedding Linen Napkins
- Bug Repellent With Deet For Babies
- Cb500f Vinyl Wrap
- Build Your Own Herb Garden Box
- Bud Severino Gutters
- Cheap Wooden Doors External
- Cheap Carpets Accrington
- Carpet Cleaning Siloam Springs Ar
- Cemeteries Barrow Vinyl
- Carpet Color Orlando
- Cerca Electrica Solar Medellin
- Chemical Composition Of Marble Rocks
- Burnt Orange Couch Decorating"Influencing change every step of the way."
We feel passionate about facilitating change whenever and wherever we can – even outside the therapy room! Empowering children and members of the community is crucial to our story. Our experienced speakers and trainers have run workshops and programs in a multitude of corporate, educational and government organisations.
Here are some examples of past interesting topics put together. Each of these can be tailored to meet individual organization’s needs.
Workshops for Students
- An intro into Cognitive Behavior Therapy for Anxiety and Depression
- Stress Management and Self-Care for Students
- The Power of Language. How we get stuck with our private experiences? Understanding how to get unstuck using practical skills from Acceptance Commitment Therapy.
- Bullying Prevention
- Mindfulness in schools
Parent Training Workshops
- Stress Management and Self-Care for Parents
- Understanding Mood Disorders Better
- Understanding Self-Harm
- Meeting My Child’s Core Emotional Needs
Group-Based Therapy Programs for Students in School
- Anger Management Groups
- Facing your Fears Groups
- Misty The Shy Cat – A Group Program for Children with Selective Mutism
Please contact us for more information.- Description
Disney Store Mickey Mouse London T-Shirt for Adults cheapItem no.2403050290048M
Let Mickey be your guide as you reminisce about your trip to London. It features a round neck, 'LONDON' wording, and a large print of Mickey Mouse.
Magic in the details...
- Part of the City Collection for the whole family
- Unisex style
- 100% cotton
- Machine washable
- Warning: keep away from fire
- Created for Disney Store
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Disney Store Disney Studios Opening Ceremony Keys discount
Regular Price: £35.00
Special Price £24.50
LEGO Disney Train and Station Set 71044 discount
Regular Price: £299.00
Special Price £82.00
Disney American Tourister The Little Mermaid Small Rolling Luggage discount
Regular Price: £109.00
Special Price £61.04Conversations with myself
Available copies
Current holds
0 current holds with 1 total copy.
Summary:Nelson Mandela brings these documents into a sweeping narrative of great immediacy and stunning power.
View other formats and editions
Record details
- ISBN: 1410434214 (hardcover)
- ISBN: 9781410434210 (hardcover)
- Physical Description: 667 pages (large print) : illustrations, map ; 23 cm.
text (large print)
- Edition: Large print edition.
- Publisher: Waterville, Maine : Thorndike Press, 2011.Hyundai Mobis has announced plans to build two new hydrogen fuel cell system plants in Incheon and Ulsan in South Korea.
The company has also held a ground-breaking ceremony for one of the new plants located at the Industrial Complex in Cheongna International City, Incheon.
It has planned to invest KRW1.3tn ($1.1bn) in the two new plants, which will produce hydrogen fuel cell stacks.
Both the facilities are scheduled to commence production in the second half of 2023.
Once fully operational, they are estimated to have capacity to produce 100,000 hydrogen fuel cells per year.
Hyundai Mobis president and CEO Sung Hwan Cho said: “Despite uncertainties, including Covid-19, we have decided to make this large-scale investment to secure the market-leading competitiveness in the global fuel cell industry.
“We will continue to invest more in facilities and strengthen our research and development (R&D) capability for the development of the hydrogen industry and expand the ecosystem.”
In 2018, the company established its first fuel cell stack production facility in Chungju, South Korea. It has the capacity to produce around 23,000 hydrogen cell systems per year.
With the addition of new facilities, Hyundai Mobis will have three fuel cell plants in the country.
The company is also planning to expand its production capacity to further diversify its hydrogen business with the completion of the new plants.
Last year, Hyundai Mobis announced plans to set up its second technical centre in India.
The new technical centre was intended to boost software development for autonomous vehicles. It was planned to be built in a new information technology (IT) complex next to its existing one in the Indian city of Hyderabad.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hyundai Mobis to build 2 new hydrogen fuel cell system plants in Korea. Credit: Hyundai Mobis/ PRNewswire.Jeff Thomas Catering
Caterers
1 wedding, 1 rating, 1 review
815 Oak St
Ludlow, KY,
Visit Vendor Website Add Your Rating/Review
Information in this listing has not yet been claimed and verified.
If you own this business you can claim this listing:Claim Listing
Jeff Thomas and team were so easy to work with. They took our ideas and made them even better than we could have imagined. Soooo Yummy! We even had a "Cincinnati Station" for all of our guests from out-of)Audio Recording
Inner Explorer Compassion Mindfulness Practice
Activity
Inner Explorer shares a mindfulness practice designed to fill your body with more happiness by focusing on being thankful and realizing that there is a lot in our lives to be grateful for, even when we don’t get what we want.
Press play and practice..
Nice points! I try not to put anything on my like list that I don’t truly have an interest in. Most of my “Like” sites are authors that I read on a regular basis or book sites that keep me updated on the newest releases. I pare down my friend’s list now and then but think of it more as a contact list. People I don’t necessarily interact with all the time but who I might want to touch base with in the future. I also only have one social media account. Maybe we should go back to a good old fashioned letter in the mail but we’ve become an instant gratification society.
I am trying to weed out my Facebook friend list right now and you are right! I don’t necessarily want to lose contact with these people. (I’m at just under 200, so I think that is actually a manageable contact list.) Something you said here really resonates with me, as a writer. You “like” or “follow” writers you are already reading. You probably do not find authors by discovering their Facebook or blog randomly. It’s time for me to rethink what role blogging/social media will play in my writerly pursuits.
Read your post Shelley AND am posting here for the first time. I enjoy reading your blog. Keep meaning to ‘pear down’ my lists and reorganize a bit myself, so thanks for the incentive Shelley. Nz
🙂
I have many of the same misgivings. I avoided social media for a long time, but I wanted to blog (I’ve always kept a journal, but hitting that “publish” button seemed a better way to maintain the discipline, and also to think about content and quality before I put it out there) and joined facebook to put the blog where my family and friends could easily access it if they wanted to – or not. I’m careful what, beyond blog entries, I post. Sometimes it seems like a useful tool for keeping in touch – or aware – of family and friends. Sometimes it is overwhelming and ridiculous. The last election almost caused me to abandon it all. I see others succeed at it, but the way that I manage all of it, it isn’t a good way for me to promote my art or my writing. So my participation level has to be just what I want for personal satisfaction. Thoughtful post!
And Cindy, you are one of the people I consider part of my “blogging circle.” I like to read your posts, and it has been intriguing to see how you have developed your style here on WordPress. Many of your posts speak to me on a personal level. I will continue to “follow” you as long as you are posting.
Ironically, I picked up a few more followers after this post.Nic.
Dengue fever is a virus spread through mosquito bites. The most common symptoms of dengue are fever and one or more of the following symptoms: headache; eye pain (typically behind the eyes); muscle, joint, or bone pain; rash; nausea and vomiting; or unusual bleeding (nose or gum bleed, small red spots under the skin, or unusual bruising).
Dengue is preventable, but not treatable
- No vaccine to prevent, or medicine to treat, infection is available.
- Mosquitoes that spread dengue bite during the day. Avoid infection by preventing mosquito bites.
- Use insect repellents. Repellents containing DEET, picaridin, IR3535, and some oil of lemon eucalyptus or para-menthane-diol products provide long-lasting protection.
- Use air conditioning or window/door screens.
- Wear long-sleeved shirts and long pants or permethrin-treated clothing.
- Once a week, empty and scrub, turn over, cover, or throw out items that hold water, such as tires, buckets, planters, toys, or trash containers. Check inside and outside your home.Ever since I heard a movie about pickup was coming to theaters, I have waited patiently to snag it from BitTorrent and see what the fuss was about. Unfortunately, I was greeted with a clicheed Hollwood pile of dogshit that was anything but Red Pill.
The movie follows a horribly miscast Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Jon, a man who runs the town hard and pulls beautiful women frequently despite his addiction to masturbating to internet porn, which he finds to be more satisfying than actual women.
The first clue that this film was written by manginas was its portrayal of pickup process, which was roughly: “Guy sees incredibly hot girl” —> A miracle happens —> “Guy is dancing with/banging girl.” The smashcuts of him fornicating with 9s and 10s is the kind of just-so story that someone without the faintest clue of pickup (e.g. a beta male or a woman) would posit as feasible. He’s reasonably good-looking and has some muscles, so OF COURSE dimes are throwing themselves at him. He can’t miss.
During his club dalliances, Don Jon finally meets “the one,” a dolled-up Jersey version of Scarlett Johansson. She’s obviously an incredibly attractive woman (though many of the women he’s shown pumping-and-dumping are on the same level), but as soon as he begins his courtship of her he makes all of the rookie mistakes: he tries to change his behavior, forsakes going out with his friends, and scoffs at the idea of getting some strange. We all know the pull a new hottie can have on a man, but a player who has been in the trenches is not so easily snared, and also knows not to cut off his relationships with important people in his life just because of some new ass. When they finally have sex it is middling, so Jon continues his internet porn habit.
An obviously disappointing aspect was that the female characters in the film could do no wrong—it shows early on that Johannson’s character is addicted to the fake emotional rush of romantic comedies, yet the movie does nothing to explore the parallelism of her reliance on this artificial stimulation. Once again, it is only the man’s behavior that is maladaptive, despite the fact that it is an outgrowth of his girlfriend being sorely deficient in fulfilling his sexual needs.
There were occasional bits of Red Pill wisdom sprinkled throughout the movie, but they were taken to farcical and illogical conclusions. For example, Jon’s girlfriend openly mocks him for being less of a man for cleaning his own apartment rather than paying someone else to do it. We know that women often don’t respect men who do the housework, but castigating him for sweeping his apartment floor was a reductio ad absurdum example of this principle.
Though the entirety of this movie was saccharine Hollywood pablum, the ending of the movie was the worst part. Throughout the movie, we see an aged Julianne Moore skulking around the main character, the same way an orbiter will follow around a cute girl for a chance at currying favor. After being dumped by his girlfriend for his masturbation habits, he caves in and sleeps with Moore in a moment of weakness. Jon smokes pot with her and bangs her in a car, and all of a sudden he is smitten.
Over a short time, Jon becomes infatuated with skeletor — I mean, Julianne Moore’s character. He begins a relationship with her and the movie just sort of…ends. Yes, just your typical young-player-hangs-up-his-boots-to-settle-down-with-grandmother story, despite no common life situation or any significant bond that is built between them.
This screenplay came off like a bad book report on what people think the player lifestyle is like, epitomized by its romanticization of giving up the lifestyle to court post-wall women (obviously while in their “sexual peak”). I saw nothing redeeming about the movie, barely even entertaining in its cringeworthiness. Save your time and go see one of these films that will teach you something.
Read Next: Red Pill Wisdom From Patrice O’NealThe Holden Commodore is a fantastic sport sedan for the Australian market, with a V8 up front, a drive axle at the back, and an available six-speed stick in between. Here in the U.S., we call it the Chevy SS, and/or the closest thing to a brand-new E39 M5. But who could say no to a few hundred more horses?
Since at least this summer, rumors have been swirling that GM's Australian arm could be prepped to drop the supercharged LS9 V8 from the departed Corvette ZR1 into the Commodore's welcoming engine bay. Now, we've got some more evidence: According to Australian car blog Car Advice, Holden has just trademarked the "HSV GTS-R" nameplate.
For those of you not up-to-speed on Australian limited-run super sedans, the GTS-R was last applied to a Holden Special Vehicles product in 1996, when the company produced a mere 85 hot-rod street sedans to commemorate Holden Racing's dominating V8 Supercar racers.
With the current Commodore set to disappear in 2017, a last hurrah super sedan makes sense. And with 638 horsepower and 604 lb.-ft. of torque from the ZR1's supercharged 6.2-liter V8, this rumored HSV GTS-R would be one hell of a hurrah.
We'd love to see how such a machine would line up against that other steroid-ripped super sedan, the Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat. Such an event would probably require a Chevrolet version of the rumored Holden to be made. Sadly, that is probably rather unlikely. But that won't stop us from dreaming about it.Covid update 23/11/2021
I just wanted to take this opportunity and thank all my students for their continued support over the past 18 months, it has been and continues to be a trying time for many of us. Although SA has now opened its borders, there has been no additional guidance or recommendations for gyms and yoga studios, so as such, for now, I ask that you continue to be vigilant in and around the studio and ensure we stay committed to maintaining a safe space for all. With that in mind please :-
DO NOT attend if you are feeling unwell. MAINTAIN social distance if and when possible. SCAN your QR code when entering the studio. SANITISE your hands before entering and exiting the studio. BRING your own mat and props.
If you do not feel comfortable attending face to face sessions at this time, please remember I also offer all sessions via YouTube video, so feel free to inquire.
Namaste'🙏💚Blundstone Black Elastic Sided V-Cut Premium 510 Boots
£135.00
Born in Tasmania in 1870, Blundstone has been producing the toughest, comfortable, universal footwear. Known as one of the world's most recognisable boot brand, Blundstone is dedicated to design and production while maximising the use of recycled and recyclable materials.WHY WE STARTED PAW.COM
And we believe we should treat them that way. After being frustrated with the lack of beautiful and functional dog products, we knew we had to do something.
DESIGNED FOR YOUR DOG WITH YOU IN MIND
Every dog bed and product that we put out is an original in-house design. They’re rigorously tested by dogs (and humans) and the materials are selected ourselves.
I'm Dave. I may be the founder of Paw.com, but really Marlie is the CEO. Marlie is my dog. She's my roommate. She's my partner. She's my inspiration. She's family. I love her, and I know, from her looks and her licks, that she loves me.
I started Paw.com to create pet products worthy of a family member - worthy of Marlie. She literally tests every dog bed and product we design. If Marlie doesn't love it, we won't sell it. But I have to love it too, and I want Marlie's stuff to look as good in my home as my stuff does.
So that's what Paw is all about - creating innovative pet products that satisfy Marlie and me... that make you and your pet truly feel at home together.
Sincerely,
We watch, listen and create with an understanding of what dogs (and their humans) need.
Our goal is to make something both functional and beautiful that allows your pet to lead a happier and healthier life.
We don’t believe in cutting corners and obsess over every detail. No product ends up on Paw.com without our CEO, Marlie’s, paw-print of approval.
Sometimes we don’t get it right the first time. We learn something new with everything that we make and iterate on each design until it’s perfect.
This is when things get exciting. Each product is carefully crafted with only the best materials to ensure it stands the test of time.
Your dog is our number one customer and nothing makes us happier than seeing them (and you) enjoying our products. Thank you for choosing Paw!Now you can skip hours of internet research and jump straight to getting answers with our meaningful at-a-glance Demographics by Zip Code Report. With the most current & most popular demographic data, it's the perfect starting point for your research about 98587 and the rest of Washington.
We know 98587 747 people, 98587 is the 438th most populated zip code in the state of Washington out of 581 zip codes. But watch out, 98587, because 99113 with 739 people and 99129 with 746 people are right behind you.
The largest 98587 racial/ethnic groups are American Indian (77.4%) followed by Hispanic (11.8%) and White (7.2%).
In 2019, the median household income of 98587 households was $34,205. 98587 households made slightly more than 98536 households ($34,125) and 99144 households ($34,063) . However, 22.7% of 98587 families live in poverty.
The median age for 98587.Fund will be used for SoftBank’s HAPS business to connect the unconnected
SoftBank Corp. (TOKYO: 9434, “SoftBank”) today announced it decided to issue a Sustainability Bond* (an unsecured straight bond, also referred to as the “HAPS Bond”) during the fiscal year ending March 31, 2022. Funds raised from the HAPS Bond will be used exclusively for SoftBank’s High Altitude Platform Station (HAPS) business that aims to provide wide-area and stable telecommunications connectivity from the stratosphere. SoftBank plans to utilize the funds for capital expenditures, research and development, business operations and other areas related to its HAPS business. This issuance will be SoftBank’s first for a Sustainability Bond.
Guided by its concept of “a world where all things, information and minds are connected” to contribute to the creation of a sustainable society, SoftBank aims to help resolve social and environmental issues and enhance its corporate value by utilizing its robust business infrastructure and technologies such as 5G, IoT and IoT.
SoftBank provides telecommunications networks that are essential social infrastructure for daily life. “Building high-quality social communication networks” and “connecting people and information to create new excitement” are two of the managerial priorities (materiality, or key initiatives) SoftBank has identified, and by building stable telecommunication networks, it is working to foster an environment where all people have equal access to information. This initiative is helping to achieve SDGs Goal 9: “Build resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization and foster innovation,” and Goal 10: “Reduce inequality within and among countries.” The HAPS business will play a key role in promoting this SoftBank initiative.
SoftBank’s HAPS are unmanned aircraft systems (UAS) flown in the stratosphere that act as airborne base stations. The UAS are operated to construct stable Internet environments that deliver connectivity to mountainous areas, remote islands, developed countries and other areas and regions lacking access to traditional telecommunications networks. Capable of providing LTE and 5G, HAPS services deliver connectivity directly to existing smartphones and other devices, eliminating the need for dedicated antennas and devices. By effectively using HAPS-based networks to complement terrestrial telecommunication networks, network operators can realize even wider network area coverage. As network infrastructure, HAPS is also expected to contribute to the digital transformation (DX) of industry. Furthermore, since HAPS provides stable telecommunications network connectivity from the stratosphere, HAPS is expected to play a role in rescue efforts and network recovery when large-scale natural disasters occur on the ground. In addition, “Sunglider,” the unmanned aircraft system developed by SoftBank’s subsidiary HAPSMobile Inc. (“HAPSMobile”), runs on solar power. Accordingly, the HAPS business will also help contribute to SDGs Goal 7: “Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all.”
SoftBank’s HAPS business is currently at the development stage, and full-scale commercial services from SoftBank are expected to begin in 2027. Since the establishment of HAPSMobile in 2017, research and development, global standardization activites, core network construction, business planning and spectrum usage initiatives have been ongoing, and an unmanned aircraft stratospheric test flight and test to deliver LTE connectivity from the stratosphere were successful. With the funds raised from the issuance of the HAPS Bond, SoftBank will further accelerate the development of its HAPS business.).
SoftBank will continue to work to resolve social and environmental issues and contribute to the realization of a sustainable society through its business activities.
For more on SoftBank’s sustainability initiatives, please visit this website.Search Results for "Amazon" (7)
35:59
The Bitcoin Group #1 (Live) - Walmart and Bitcoin - Amazon.com - Bitcoin Trust - Bitcoin Mining
6 September 2021
12:26
Today in Bitcoin (2018-04-18) - FUD campaign expands - Tax Day Rally? - Heist Suspect Escapes!
19 April 2018
4:52
Today in Bitcoin News Podcast (2017-10-27) - Peter Thiel warns not to underestimate Bitcoin
27 October 2017
4:31
Today in Bitcoin News Podcast (2017-10-23) - Institutional Money - Giffen Good - Amazon Bubble
23 October 2017
36:06
The Bitcoin Group #71 - Greece, Kleiner Perkins, The Price and Silk Road Agent Pleads Guilty
3 July 2015r Pradesh government will soon launch ‘Pink’ air-conditioned buses exclusively for women, an official said on Monday.
The union government’s Ministry of Women and Child Development has sanctioned funds for the 50 buses from its ‘Nirbhaya Fund’.
The staff, including.Blackboard Footpath Sign and Base
$220.00 inc GST
Durable 4mm aluminium composite panel approx 600mm (w) x 800mm (h) with blackboard film applied to both sides.
Can be written on with chalk or chalk pen.
Supplied with matching plastic (water fillable) footpath sign base.
Available with optional handle cut in panel (see below).Cashier
Company: Chicken Salad Chick
Location: Monroe
Posted on: November 19, 2021
Job Description:.
Requirements:
We are looking for applicants who exhibit the following qualities:
We ask you to:
Smile
Company Introduction:
-!
- Consistency and Reliability
- Cheerful and Positive Attitude
- Values Teamwork
- Loves Serving and Helping Others
-Applicants will also be expected to be able to work on their feet for several hours at a time and lift potentially heavy objects when necessary. Prior experience is preferred, but not necessary.
Keywords: Chicken Salad Chick, Monroe , Cashier, Hospitality & Tourism , Monroe, LouisianaI’ve been doing quite a bit of these comparison posts lately. If you’re wondering whether or not I have developed a complex, the answer is: Yes, I have. Consider these posts as pleas for help.
Anyway, following the draft, twitter was a flutter with exclamatory posts regarding the strength of the Warriors young core. If memory serves me correctly, the general tenor was something along the lines of “I’ll take this roster, I guess” and “At least we’re not the Bobcats.”
Surpisingly, Sacramento Kings’ fans shared in Warriors’ fans optimism. It’s a wonder that Kings’ fans still care, given how badly the team has managed recently. That is to say, I thought Kings’ fans would be extinct—in Sacramento anyway (they’re probably alive and well in Seattle).
In any case, I wondered which team actually had the better core of young players. It would appear as though the Kings and Warriors are veritable equals.
Age: Is a complex formula. In its basic form, age equals the player’s birth subtracted from the current year. In its more complex form, age is some weird amalgamation of clothing, plastic surgery, and money spent on cars.
TS%: True Shooting Percentage is a measure of shooting efficiency that takes into account field goals, 3-point field goals, and free throws.
TOR: Turnover Rate, or Turnover Percentage is an estimate of turnovers per 100 plays.
ORtg: Offensive Rating is points produced per 100 possessions.
DRtg: Defensive Rating is points allowed per 100 possessions.
WS: Win Shares is an estimate of the number of wins contributed by a player.
PER: Performance Rating is rating based on a player’s positive accomplishments minus their negative ones.
Analysis:
Each team has one above average player (Cousins and Curry), but beyond those two, each has a dearth of talent.
Bogut’s poor season might be explained by his injury, but his career PER is only 17. So, while he’s an upgrade over Biedrins, it would be absurd to expect much out of him.
That Isaiah Thomas finished behind Thompson in Rookie of the Year voting is dumbfounding. I realize Thompson’s final six weeks were rivaled only by Kyrie Irving, but, as you can see, he was hardly the player Thomas was. If Thompson made huge strides last year, as Marc Jackson believes, where did Thompson start from?
Speaking of Thomas, what an absolute steal he could turn out to be for the Kings. He clearly needs to improve his defense, which might be difficult given his size, but quickness and court vision like his don’t often come in pairs.
Each team clearly needs a strong defensive presence. Such a need likely explains each teams’ 2012 draft pick.
With relatively weak offensive abilities, it seems unlikely either Thomas Robinson or Harrison Barnes will be asked to do anything other than defend. If their defensive skills translate to the NBA, their teams will benefit greatly, especially Sacramento.
In all, neither team skill level separates itself from the other. Both are composed of players who possess equal parts skill and inexperience. It would seem the team destined to have the better season would be the team that is better coached. Warriors’ fans should know which team that will be.We-3 3476/3423D Tapered Roller Bearing Specification. 3476/3423D Timken Bearing Specifications Series : 3400 Design Units : 1.8016 Cage Type : Stamped Steel Bearing Weight kg: 1.8016 3476/3423D Timken Bearing Dimensions D/Cup Outer Diameter : 82.550 mm B/Cone Width : 29.771 mm C/Double Cup Width : 74.93 mm Z/Number of Rollers Per Row : 15 ...
Bearing a is a leading online supplier and distributor of over 1,000,000 bearings and ancillary products, from some of the world’s most trusted brands including SKF, FAG, NTN, NSK, Timken, INA, IKO cheap NACHI 32236 Bearing bearings for sale.
We supply various of FAG N230-E-M1 bearing. bearings is purity material and high precision , the varieties of FAG N230-E-M1 bearing is up to thousands of species .FAG N230-E-M1 bearing size:( mm x mm x mm);FAG N230-E-M1 bearing type:Deep Groove bearing, and widely used in different environment and mechanical.The purpose of FAG N230-E-M1 bearing is the operation and control..
The bearing SF3503506 manufactured by NTN you can email ... sales offices, 9 technology and engineering center and 14 distribution and service center, spread all over the world in 29 countries and ...
The bearing M-16161 M-16161 manufactured by Timken you can email us [email protected]
TIMKEN 3490/3423D bearings - SKF bearings|FAG bearings|INA. The TIMKEN bearing company was founded in 1899 in the USA .For more than 10 decades, the TIMKEN bearing specialized in the manufacture and research and development of. GET PRICE BY E-MAIL. TIMKEN 3490/3423D bearing TIMKEN 3490/3423D dimensions price
We are one of the best dealers for - TIMKEN 21075a-2 Bearing - Model:21075a-2.Wholesale Various High Quality Competitive Price Tapered Roller Bearing Products from Global Competitive Price Tapered Roller Bearing Suppliers and Competitive Price Tap. If you want to understand the - TIMKEN 21075a-2 Bearing - Model:21075a-2 Price,Dimensions,Size,Specification,Supplier..
I would like to remind you that all of the sources are available in my Github repository. Moreover, in the README file, you can find short project description with its main assumptions.
Tools
As far as I’m aware, the most suitable model for gesture recognition will be a neural network. I don’t want to implement it from scratch so I did a research. I found two promising open-source frameworks. The first one is called Neuroph. I have used it once in a university project. Unfortunately, this framework seems to be very slow. Its main opponent, considerably faster, is called Encog. One thing to be said for using Encog is that it has a fantastic guide book in which we can find many well-described examples. As well as that, its API seems to be more readable and user-friendly.
Potential problems
How many potential problems do I see? A lot. First of all, I know how the neural network works, however, I’m not fluent in its usage. It will probably force me to spend plenty of hours on reading and analyzing thesis.
Secondly, there could be some problems with a gesture representation. In which format should we pass it into the neural network? Moreover, we need a big data set for the purpose of training the network. Probably creating some kind of gestures generator will be necessary.
Another problem will be scaling and normalization. The neural network input requires a constant number of input data. As we know, gestures made by users not always consist of the same amount of points.
The next problem is connected with points coordinates. jQuery provides coordinates relative to the top-left corner of the document. Depending on a location where the drawing area is displayed on a site, points will have completely different (x,y) values. It will be required to somehow scale or adjust them.
From my point of view, there is a lot of work to do but it’s worth it. After implementing the network and feeding it with training data, Aksesi will be able to provide support for wider range of gestures. Not only simple lines but also circles, squares, triangles, etc.World Class Ink.com - 47 Cooper Street, Middle Unit, Woodbury, NJ 08096 - Philadelphia / New York / South New Jersey Metro Area. East Coast.
This web page is intended to display the details of our offering for Canon 1520A002AA Toner Cartridge, which can be referenced by the following part # variations: 1520A002AA, EP-82 Black, 1520A002, EP82 Black.17 Mar March Matness 2018 Results
US Elite Combat Management
NCAA D1 Wrestling Championships
The Oldest & Toughest Sport
Results for the finals from Cleveland, Ohio
Team scores
1. Penn State – 141.5
2. Ohio State – 134.5
3. Iowa – 97
T4. North Carolina State – 80
T4. Michigan – 80
Finals results
125: No. 3 Spencer Lee (Iowa) dec. No. 4 Nick Suriano (Rutgers), 5-1
133: No. 1 Seth Gross (South Dakota State) dec. No. 2 Stevan Micic (Michigan), 13-8
141: No. 3 Yianni Diakomihalis (Cornell) dec. Bryce Meredith (Wyoming), 7-4
149: No. 1 Zain Retherford (Penn State) dec. No. 15 Ronnie Perry (Lock Haven), 6-2
157: No. 3 Jason Nolf (Penn State) dec. No. 1 Hayden Hidlay (NC State), 6-2
165: No. 3 Vincenzo Joseph (Penn State) dec. No. 1 Isaiah Martinez (Illinois), 6-1
174: No. 1 Zahid Valencia (Arizona State) dec. Mark Hall (Penn State), 8-2
184: No. 1 Bo Nickal (Penn State) win by fall No. 2 Myles Martin (Ohio State), 2:29
197: No. 4 Michael Macchiavello (NC State) dec. No. 3 Jared Haught (Virginia Tech), 3-1
285: No. 1 Kyle Snyder (Ohio State) dec. No. 2 Adam Coon (Michigan), 3-1
Do you have the heart?
Join Wrestling.
You want discipline ?
Join wrestling.
You want to be a MMA Athlete ?
Join Wrestling.Why is the oil warning light no longer on?
Once you’ve topped up the oil, start the car again and you should hopefully see that the oil warning light is no longer on. 2. Your oil pump needs replacing If your oil pump isn’t working properly, or has become worn out over time, it will cause your oil pressure to drop.
What should you do if your oil light comes on?
The Oil Light may come on for a few different reasons, which include low oil pressure or a low oil level. If your Oil Light comes on while you are driving down the road, the first thing you should do is safely pull over and turn off the vehicle.
Why does the oil light come on on my car?
There are a variety of reasons why your engine oil light has become illuminated on your dashboard, but let’s have a look at the three most common reasons. 1. Your oil level is low Oil keeps your engine lubricated and all the moving parts working properly.
Why is the oil pressure light on my dashboard?
There are actually two scenarios when the oil pressure light is on your dashboard. One of them is that it is a false alarm and there is a problem with the oil pressure sensor or the wirings to it. The other scenario is that your engine actually has low oil pressure, which is a little bit more serious.
What does the oil life percentage on a Honda tell you?. With fresh engine oil, your percentage starts/resets at 100%.
What does the oil percentage mean on a Honda Accord?
The oil life percentage is just another part of a maintenance minder system meant to save Honda owners time and money. With fresh engine oil, your percentage starts/resets at 100%. From there, your Honda will automatically monitor engine operating conditions to measure the lubricating ability of your motor oil.
When does the oil warning light come on?
by Byron Walsh. Your car’s oil warning light tells you when your oil pressure is dangerously low. Often mistaken for an indication of the oil level, the light actually activates when there isn’t enough pressure to inject oil into the cylinders in the egine.
The Oil Light may come on for a few different reasons, which include low oil pressure or a low oil level. If your Oil Light comes on while you are driving down the road, the first thing you should do is safely pull over and turn off the vehicle.
Can a bad oil pressure sensor cause low oil levels?.
What happens if there is no oil in the engine?
Without engine oil, important components in your engine would suffer irreparable damage, resulting in your car possibly needing a new engine. Firstly, you need to make sure your car is stopped and turned off. Before you open the bonnet, have a quick look underneath the car for any signs of a leak.
Why does my Yamaha low oil buzzer go off?
Turn the key and no alarm. Cranked the boat and it ran as normal for 10 minutes with the lower unit submerged in the test barrel. I took it to the ramp and ran her for about 30 minutes and everything seemed normal. I’m guessing the strainer was holding the float down???
Why does my Nissan Murano make a whining noise?
If it changes with the engine, it’s most likely going to be an accessory bolted to the engine (or the radio, shut it off and see if it stops). If it stay constant as you rev the engine it’s going to be something else. A whining sound when accelerating is almost always caused by a bad accessory attached to your Murano’s engine.
Why does the oil pressure light come on when there is no oil in the engine?
Low Engine Oil Level low engine oil level may cause it.
What happens when the serpentine belt goes bad on a Murano?
Your Murano’s serpentine belt turns all of the engine accessories. As they go bad, they begin to glaze and stretch. When a serpentine belt stretches, it doesn’t grip the accessories that it is turning as well. It’ll squeal until it grabs all the way. to do when your oil soon light comes on?
Press and hold the odometer button. Insert the key and just turn long enough for the inside lights to turn on, but not try to start the car. Hold this position for about 20–30s, and then the check engine light should turn off. Now you can release everything, shut the door and start the car.
Do you have to reset the oil change light?
It is not a sensor to check if your oil is clean or dirty, if you just changed your engine oil 2 weeks ago, you have to reset the timer (The change oil light) All you have to do is to reset the oil change light by following the step by step procedures in your car’s owner manual. Save up to 80% on your next printer ink cartridges!
Why does the oil light come back on when you add oil?
If you add oil and the light comes back on, it means the issue is oil pressure, not the amount of oil. Oil pressure is created by the oil pump forcing the oil through the engine. If the pump fails to function, the engine will not be properly lubricated and running it will cause damage.
In my case, and in the case of the OP, the warning light comes one for a few minutes, then goes off. This happens when the oil level is getting close to the LOW mark on the dipstick, but still in the normal range. Engine not running: Light will come one when approx 2.2 qt (US) remain.
How often does oil pressure light come on?
Most of the time, it does not come on at all. Yesterday, for a short while (one 15 minute trip), the threshold seemed to be closer to 1,000 RPM. But, after that, it never came on again for that day.
When does the second oil light come on?
This light is designed to come on whenever it’s been a certain length of time since the oil has been changed or when you’ve driven a certain number of miles. The second oil light has been used in vehicles for a long time, and requires serious attention.Opinion: A perfect fit at Texas Tech, Chris Beard will face choices after his fast rise
MINNEAPOLIS — As natural as it might be to attach words like “breakthrough” or “life-changing” to a coach when they make a Final Four for the first time, it’s rarely true.
Just think about 46-year old Chris Beard, whose coaching résumé sounds more like a Robert Earl Keen tour through Texas music halls than a path to competing against Tom Izzo for national titles. You want to talk about the kind of breakthrough that matters? How about going from a Division II job at Angelo State to making $260,000 at Arkansas-Little Rock, then getting a million-dollar rise to coach at Texas Tech. That’ll really change your life.
But it’s fair to say this about Beard, whose debut news conference here dripped with charming stories about how he’d come to the Final Four years earlier trying to crash on someone else’s hotel room floor and movie-theater bonding with assistant Mark Adams years ago at the late showing of “Sex and the City”: He’s now a legitimate coaching star.
And as with all new coaching stars, Beard’s emergence has started a growing conversation across college athletics about what someone who has built a nouveau powerhouse out of the West Texas dust might be capable of at a place like UCLA or Arkansas, whose jobs are open right now, or perhaps even his alma mater Texas someday down the road.
But as much as there’s wide agreement that Beard is one heck of a basketball coach who could probably win anywhere, there will also be a fundamental question if and when he decides he wants to try something else: Is a bigger stage really suited for the kind of program that suits him?
CLEAN LIVING:Beard gave up beer, dessert, candy during season
GETTING DEFENSIVE:Historically good defense has powered Texas Tech into its first Final Four
At a blue blood, the expected path to success requires collecting McDonald’s All-Americans, coddling egos and placating handlers whose only motivation is protecting their players’ NBA ambitions.
At Texas Tech under Beard, the formula has been about stitching together a roster of overlooked recruits and well-traveled transfers, a reflection of the journey he’s taken himself.
“I tell the guys to never forget where they come from and be you,” Beard said. “I’m proud of it. I wouldn’t trade my path for anything.”
In short four years as a Division I head coach, Beard’s formula of attracting basketball nomads and getting them to buy into a dogged defensive mentality has produced undeniable results. At Arkansas-Little Rock, he completely remade the roster in one summer, went 30-5 and knocked off Purdue in an NCAA tournament upset. This year, his rotation at Texas Tech includes three transfers, a former junior college player a guard he plucked out of Italy and a future NBA lottery pick who was ranked in the 300s coming out of high school.
At some point, that's not a fluke. It's merely who you are as a coach.
“I mean, it's not arrogance. It's just the truth: We’re really good at coaching one-year guys,” Beard said. “(John Calipari) at Kentucky is pretty good at it too, it just goes back to different backgrounds. In junior college, (Division)-II, low major, your roster is always changing. My experience in professional basketball, the rosters always change. Guys come in on contract and just leave. I think there's an art to it.”
Guard Matt Mooney, whose career took him from Air Force to South Dakota and eventually to Texas Tech as a graduate transfer, said Beard’s track record of rebuilding his roster on the fly was a major factor in deciding to spend final year in Lubbock.
“I knew he had success at Little Rock with 10 new players and grad transfers, transfers, redshirt guys, whatever,” Mooney said. “And when I got there, I got to see why first-hand because he put me in a position right away where he told the guys that I was going to be a key piece. He put that confidence in me and had a vision for me even when I wasn’t playing my best.”
But it’s also true that for many athletics directors and search firms, projecting him at a higher-profile program will require some guessing about how he'd fit. Maybe he'll be a future Hall of Famer. Or maybe he'll be the second coming of Billy Gillispie.
Though fans now only remember Gillispie’s implosion once he got to the big stage — his inability to recruit top prospects to Kentucky, the allegations of verbal abuse, the alcoholism — it’s easy to forget that he came out of the Hill Country backwaters just like Beard and was the hottest coaching prospect in the country for a time in 2006 and 2007 while leading Texas A&M from nowhere to the Sweet 16.
His style didn’t translate to Kentucky, where the spotlight ate him up and the difference between how high-rated players and last-chance vagabonds respond to old-school coaching tactics sent him into a spiral.
Texas Tech assistant Glynn Cyprien, who worked under Gillispie for those two disastrous seasons at Kentucky, acknowledged that Beard is Texas tough but suggested without naming Gillispie specifically that there are clear differences in style.
“You’ve got to want to be coached,” Cyprien said. “You have to want to be told the truth. I’ve worked for some guys who were probably demeaning on the players, may say some things that aren’t acceptable, but he doesn’t cuss at guys. It’s not personal. That’s what separates him. We call it truth-telling, and if you’re a good player, that’s what you want to hear.”
The admiration Texas Tech players have for Beard was obvious Thursday as they attended his news conference for winning the Associated Press national coach of the year award, one of them grabbing a microphone and playfully asking “if you were to consider yourself to be a dog, what kind of dog would you be?”
Still, senior Brandone Francis, a transfer from Florida, acknowledged that Beard’s style might not be for everyone.
“You have to take coaching,” Francis said. “You have to put that in your mind way before (you decide to play for him). You have to do some research. I think he’s an unbelievable coach. He demands a lot of his players, but at the same time he makes you reach for something that isn’t there until you find it.”
Tariq Owens, whose career took him from Tennessee to St. John’s and then Texas Tech, said Beard’s authenticity was why the Red Raiders play hard. When he visited Lubbock last year shortly after Texas Tech’s Elite Eight appearance, Owens was struck by how players were coming into the practice facility to work on their own multiple times a day.
“I’ve been in the gym a lot more than I’ve ever been in the gym because I know how much he demands from us and he’s someone I don’t ever want to let down,” Owens said. “He coaches us hard but at the end of the day we know how much he cares. He’d do anything for his players.”
In that sense, Beard’s performance thus far at the Final Four can only help his national image. He’s been witty, charming and willing to tell stories, including how he gave up beer and desserts this year as part of a team-building exercise to sacrifice something during the season (he considers Pop-Tarts breakfast and not dessert, thus making them exempt).
He’s talked about wanting his team to “smell the roses” from this experience and being able to honor all the small-school guys just like him who know how to coach but never got a chance to do it at this level.
And pretty soon, no matter what happens this weekend, Chris Beard will probably have some decisions to make. Is he more comfortable at an off-brand like Texas Tech, where he can keep thriving with ragged rosters who embrace his style, or will he try to go mainstream where there may be more complications to go along with greater talent?
“Don't tell Kirby Hocutt, my AD, this, but I would do this job for free,” he said.
Whether he stays at Texas Tech forever or eventually takes a chance on a blue blood, he's in no danger of that ever again being an option.
This article originally appeared on USA TODAY: Opinion: A perfect fit at Texas Tech, Chris Beard will face choices after his fast riseAquariums lights are an important accessory for your fish tanks. They provide artificial light that mimics the natural lighting conditions. The light illuminates your aquarium and makes it look appealing. It is also important for the growth of the plants and coral reef in the tank. Aquarium lights come in different types and are available from various manufacturers. Some of them are for aesthetic purposes while others are essential to the health of the aquarium’s inhabitants. Here are the ten best aquarium lights that will suit fish tanks of different sizes and types.
1. Smiful LED Aquarium Light
Smiful LED aquarium light is a great option for the buyers searching for the ten best aquarium lights. It comes with IP68 waterproof certification and can be submerged under the water for illuminating your tank. You can also install it externally. The light uses 5050 LEDs that are brighter, last longer, and consume low power. They are enclosed in acrylic glass for providing maximum illumination. It comes with two suction cups that allow you to install the light inside or on top of the aquarium. Smiful LED aquarium light is available in 7.5”, 11”, and 15” sizes that come with either blue or white LEDs.
2. NICREW Submersible LED Aquarium Light
NICREW Submersible LED is an alternate underwater product among the ten best aquarium lights. It comes with both white and blue LEDs to provide natural lighting for illuminating your tank during the day or night. The blue LEDs will highlight the coral and plants in aquariums really well. A shatter-resistant quartz glass tube encloses the LEDs. It comes with a pair of adjustable suction cups that make it easy to install. You can submerge the light under the water or place it on the top of the tank. NICREW Submersible LED aquarium light is available in 8” and 11” variants.
3. Mingdak Blue LED Aquarium Light
Do you need an aquarium light for illuminating your fish tank at night? Then the Mingdak blue LED aquarium light is the perfect fit for you among the ten best aquarium lights. It comes with only blue LEDs that are a great source of night light. The light is suitable for night illumination and envelops your fish tank in artificial moonlight. It highlights fishes, coral reef, and plants inside the aquarium. Mingdak blue LED aquarium light is IP68 certified and can be safely submerged under the water. It comes in lengths ranging from 7.5” to 18.5”.
4. SMIFUL RGB LED Aquarium Light
SMIFUL RGB LED aquarium light is a multicolor item on the list of the ten best aquarium lights. The light comes with RGB LEDs that allow you to set different colors. You can control them using an included remote and choose one of the sixteen supported colors. It also enables you to adjust the LED brightness and select one of the four lighting modes. The LED light bar is IP68 certified for waterproofness and can be submerged under the water. There are two suction cups provided to install the LED light inside or on the tank. SMIFUL RGB LED aquarium light comes in different sizes.
5. NICREW ClassicLED Aquarium Light
When it comes to the ten best aquarium lights, the NICREW ClassicLED aquarium light is a highly popular offering. It features white and blue LEDs that have a high brightness output and are long-lasting. It supports two lighting modes – the daylight mode where both white and blue LEDs are on, and the nightlight mode in which only the blue LEDs are switched on. The light is designed to be installed on the top of aquariums and has extendable brackets for a perfect fit. NICREW ClassicLED aquarium light comes in various sizes and can be used with a single-channel timer available optionally.
6. All Glass Aquarium AAG25916 Fluorescent Strip Light
All Glass Aquarium AAG25916 is a fluorescent option out of the ten best aquarium lights. It is designed to be used with Versa-Tops and is a suitable replacement for aquariums with full hoods. The light is 16” in length and will substitute strips having the same size. Hobbyists who want to change the light of their old aquariums or want a fluorescent light over LEDs can consider the All Glass Aquarium AAG25916 fluorescent strip light. A 30” version of the fluorescent strip light (AAG25930) is also available that will suit larger aquariums.
7. Bozily Aquarium Light for Coral Reef Aquatic Plants Growth
Bozily Aquarium Light is one of the ten best aquarium lights that will suit aquariums with a coral reef. It has dual heads each with its own light for illuminating the aquarium effectively. Each head has a flexible gooseneck for 360° adjustment. The lights in the heads are replaceable, and you don’t have to throw away the fixture if they fail. They use white and blue LEDs that provide the required spectrum of light for promoting coral reef growth. You can choose from four different brightness settings as desired. Bozily Aquarium Light is suitable for up to 20-gallon aquariums. It comes with a C-clamp that enhances its mounting flexibility.
8. JackSuper Aquarium Air Stone Bubble Light
JackSuper aquarium air stone bubble light is a multipurpose product among the ten best aquarium lights. It is a round bubble light that can enhance the appearance of your aquarium. It can be attached to an aquarium air pump for generating bubbles in the aquarium and creating a billowing effect. The light has RGB LEDs that illuminate the interior of the tank and highlight the bubbles created. It is IP68 certified and can be used in freshwater and saltwater aquarium. The JackSuper aquarium air stone bubble light is heavy enough to sit at the bottom of an aquarium without requiring any additional weight.
9. Koval Aquarium Lighting Fish Tank Light
Koval aquarium LED light is an excellent choice for the buyers who are searching for the ten best aquarium lights. It comes with different colored LEDs for illuminating the interior of the aquarium and promoting the health and growth of its inhabitants. The fixture has blue, pink, red, and green LEDs in addition to 8000K white LEDs for providing the required spectrum of light. It supports two modes – a daylight mode with all the LEDs on and a nightlight mode with only the blue LEDs on. Koval aquarium LED light is available in three different sizes ranging from 24” to 45”.
10. Aquatic Life LED Aquarium Light Fixture
Aquatic Life LED is a high-quality offering when it comes to the ten best aquarium lights. The light contains different types of LEDs that include blue, red, and blue lunar LEDs as well as 6K, 9K, and 10K white LEDs. They collectively provide the required spectrum of light for your aquarium. The light fixture comes in two types, one of which supports Wi-Fi and can be controlled via a smartphone application while the other has a built-in three-channel timer. There are freshwater and marine variants of the Aquatic Life LED aquarium light fixture available as well.Just re-posted this below.. from last week - my dear friend Mama Blue is about to do a traditional "W0O HOO" I think.....and has asked me to re-post to highight ANOTHER ZERO!! It is now the next week and still celebrating here..... in addition (Oct 07) CJ's T level within normal range too. All good.
Posted last week 19 Oct on Strange experience thread:
"Dear Lee & Buddy (+ Murphy of course), Jim & MaryLu, Cedar, Puget, Pete42, "Green" (my dear cyber-drinking partner), Kat and others,
Guess What! Another undetectable test with 0.02 PSA today - 19th October!
CJ hung the washing out, vaccumed and cleaned the bathroom before he rang up for the results today! I rang him at 11am today from work to ask him what it (PSA) was and he told me he had not rung up yet.... Anyway, thank goodness he finally did ring ....(and I have a really clean house!)...
It (the test) was 0.02 (19/10/07), and since the tests are ultra sensitive these days, we are happy with that, as is still undetectable for CJ, for which I thank God sincerely.
Thank you all for your kind words of support in the last few weeks. It has lifted my mood immensely, so I guess I should get out more now, and share with a few friends closer by! We are going out to dinner tonight with our son to celebrate soon. Love to you all, Lana & CJ.
PS. The updated signature is a little over-the-top! However, you know me Lee, I WILL edit this one a little in a while! In fact have already done so once... cheers....
Parents of 7 yr old son, and share 2 adult kids (30 and 22 yrs)
Married 7 years.. 2 x small cancerous lesions near R. Apex identified (Gleeson 7 - intermediate). Size of larger lesion was approx 1/5th of a sugar cube. Smaller lesion was smaller than that.
In good health 6 months post-op. No continence issues to 6 months.
1st PSA 0.01 - undetectable (June 07)
2nd PSA 0.02 - undetectable (Oct 07)
Very thankful to many friends on this "healing well" prostate cancer forum!"
REPLY FROM MY CYBER-DRINKING PARTNER - Greenacres (also recently celebrating another undetectable)... on 19/10/07
Hey, Creed - it's PARTY time! That's the best news - and while no excuses are ever needed for tipping a glass or two - here's one for you! We just got our undetectable, so I think this calls for a "double."
PSA test "Un-zero-detectable" on 10/16/07.
If it stays that way for 7 years, recurrence rate drops to 9%.
Future: PSA tests twice-yearly for now.
Swim
Any hints on how to train my German Shepherds to vacuum the house?Here's a toast to your listening hearts, Lana & CJ.CCEdarFriday, April 15, 2016
Pricing is Erratic on New Listings
Some agents are utilizing the classic 'auction' approach with a seemingly low list price and multiple offers on day one. This can be effective but only if the house is really clean and truly move-in ready. There is always the risk of not getting the highest offer possible using this technique but for some sellers it's about a quick sale and this can be effective. These types of scenarios will often land a back up offer so the seller can bid on another property with confidence that the current property will sell.
Some agents are listing high, way high in some cases, in hopes of getting that desperate buyer that has been outbid several times and is ready with a high offer. Sellers need to be prepared for a soft appraisal and the possibility of having to reduce the price later in transaction.
Buyers need to know where the listing is in the market place before presenting their offer. The buyer's agent needs to give sound advice or the buyer may not get the house they want. If the seller is priced to create a multiple offer 'auction' environment then the buyer needs to come in strong with their offer. Some buyers have a hard time bidding a house way up above asking but that is the nature of a robust market. The buyer's agent needs to research the market and determine where the house is on the price scale.
If the house is priced up high, the buyer can use that as a means to soften the seller or get the seller to agree to concessions such as closing cost credits and such. All of these variables will determine the way the buyer needs to present their offer to get the best deal for themselves and most importantly get the house they want.
Some buyers need help with closing costs and often they puff up the offer price and ask for seller concessions. This may work but the appraiser may not bite. Sellers need to be wary of 'over-puffed' offers.
In the end, no one truly knows how the transaction will unfold. There are many variables in a real estate deal and buyers and sellers always need to be prepared to encounter some turbulence during the process. Buyers need to follow the counsel of their loan officer to a 'T'. There is no room for screw ups in the loan process and there is a good chance a back up buyer is in place should the buyer stumble.
Buyers need to realize that trying to "steal" a house in this market will almost certainly cause them to ultimately pay more for less house. I have buyers that can't seem to get the notion that they have to bid good houses up and as they wait, prices rise. We are seeing price move up at about 1/2 to 3/4 of a percent each month. That may not seem like much but on a $300,000 house a 1/2 point increase is $1500. A buyer that takes three months to buy a house will spend $5000 more than if they get aggressive now and get the house they want sooner rather than later. The market is cold and cruel and cares not about anyone's hopes, dreams, and ambitions. As prices creep up buyers lose purchasing power and sometimes are priced out of the market altogether.
Choose your agent wisely and he or she will get you the best opportunity to buy or sell a home.
Posted by Rod Sager at 8:36 AM
Labels: auction, high, listing styles, marketThis U.S. typecase configuration is shown in Barnhart Bros & Spindler Pony Specimen, 1890s and is also the Improved Lower of Cleveland Type Foundry Catalogue and Price List of Type and Material, 1893. The lay is Boss News Lower. Note the different arrangement of boxes in the right hand bay, bottom row, and left hand bay, third column, and bottom row of fourth column, compared with the normal U.S. Lower case.IRS among feds investigating GOP Senator
Tuesday, July 31, 2007
Ted Stevens, the longest-serving Republican in the U.S. Senate, is under investigation by the FBI, IRS and Interior Department in connection with a political corruption case. Federal lawmen on Monday raided the 83-year-old Alaskan's personal home in the ski resort area of Girdwood. Of apparent interest to officials who served the search warrant are Steven's ties to an Alaska energy services company, Veco. That company's chief executive has pleaded guilty to a bribery scheme involving state lawmakers. The Washington Post has published a time line of the Steven's investigation. Last year, Stevens gained recognition beyond Alaska's borders when he succeeded... Read more →Ulanzi overhead ring lamp Ring-10
Are you looking for a ringlight for taking pictures or videos from above? This Top shot overhead ring lamp with tripod is ideal for macrophotography, (make-up beauty) vlogs, YouTube, TikTok or live video streaming. The ring lamp has a height-adjustable arm and phone holder. The LED lamp provides cold, neutral and warm light.Northeastern nears completion of award-winning technology upgrade
When Chief Information Officer Sam Kann arrived at Northeastern Illinois University in March 2017, one of his first points of business was to complete an environmental scan and health assessment of the institution’s technology.
What the assessment found was a technology environment that was ready for an upgrade to keep up with modern advances and practices. With the approval of the Board of Trustees, Kann’s team in the Office of University Technology Services embarked on a $1 million information technology (IT) project.
“We started this process with two variables in mind: One was student experience, and the other was student convenience,” Kann said. “We embarked on this IT modernization project by moving the data system out of the University and into cloud computing technology. The idea is to get out of the hardware business completely and focus on areas like Wi-Fi, application automation, distance education and instructional technology.”
This innovative approach to the University’s technology systems earned Northeastern the Hybrid Iaas/Paas and Cloud Storage awards at Educause’s annual conference, which took place in Denver from Oct. 30 through Nov. 2.
By moving the data system into a cloud-based format and adopting a pay-as-you-go billing (consumption) model for cloud usage, Northeastern is saving 48 percent on IT services, Kann said. Information is safely secured through a dark fibre system that connects the University network across locations as well as remotely with password protection and other security measures, which minimizes phishing attacks and improves NEIU information systems security presence.
The University was also able to implement Starfish, a computing system that generates data points about students each week, such as alerts if a student hasn’t attended a class. Through data analytics, the software can help advisors better understand student retention as well as possible student barriers by comparing outcomes from schools with similar student demographics and online offerings.
“By the end of this year, we plan to go live with our IT modernization,” Kann said. “Once that’s done, then our goal is to put a concerted effort into application automation, streamlining of process workflows, digitizing of forms and paperless initiatives. All these changes would help administrators and staff to process things faster for our students.”
As a result of this modernization, students will experience increased Wi-Fi speed and more modern data protection for the entire Northeastern online system, including NEIUport and Nmail.
“It’s been like a bullet train for the past 18 months,” Kann said. “I’m glad I joined NEIU at the right time. It helped us to champion the IT modernization need and get it going. The key to all of this is to socially engage with the students. When you socially engage with students, they respond to it, which can contribute to successful enrollment and retention.”
Middle photo: The University Technology Services staff
Above photo: Sam Kann holds Northeastern’s Hybrid Iaas/Paas and Cloud Storage awards.This article has been corrected
For its fourth season of high school baseball, DODDS-Europe appears ready to offer us a replay of 2011.
On the eve of Saturday’s opening doubleheaders at Ramstein and SHAPE, all signs point to Patch vs. Ramstein (Round 4) in the May 26 Division I title game, the return of 2011 king Bitburg, which also won in 2009, to the D-II title game, and D-III again struggling to survive as a separate European tournament.
Here’s a look at the preseason picture:
Division IPatch, which defeated Ramstein by a single run in each of the last two championship games, and Ramstein, which won the first D-I title game 10-2 in 2009, seem to be on a collision course again.
Darke Marbury’s Panthers return All-Europeans Dylan Measells, the Stars and Stripes’ 2011 player of the year, Jack Smith and Ryan Tannebaum, along with C.J. Kellogg and Austin Lemay.
Not a bad foundation on which to build a three-peat contender. Measells, a senior, posted an 0.79 ERA during his 8-0 season and dug deep to go the distance in Patch’s 8-7 title-game victory over Ramstein. He batted .718 during the regular seaon.
Smith, a junior catcher of considerable defensive prowess, according to Marbury, batted .568 last season, and Tannenbaum, a senior whom Marbury called the best defensive third baseman in Europe, batted .702 and drove in 30 runs.
If that weren’t enough, Marbury expects contributions in 2012 from newcomer Ruben Rodriguez.
For all that, Glenn Porter’s Royals remain competitive behind its All-Europe quartet of John Grotelueschen, Caleb Guerrido, and Dustin Labit, all seniors, and junior Justin Pendergrass.
All four pitch, giving the Royals the deepest staff in Europe.
And when they’re not on the mound, the four batted .488, .488, .479 and .521, respectively. Playing catcher, moreover, Grotelueschen threw out nine would-be base-stealers.
In addition to Patch, Porter sees Heidelberg as a potential contender; Marbury is wary of Steve Jewell’s Wiesbaden Warriors, who have added Heidelberg’s Justin Jones to a roster which was plagued by inexperience last season, and Vilseck.
Tom Burriss’ 2012 Kaiserslautern squad will build around two-time All-Europe shortstop Aaren Blossom.
Division IIDefending D-II champ Bitburg, coached again by Chris Moran, might rival Ramstein in pitching depth, according to Barons’ assistant Wayne Phillips. He emailed that half of Bitburg’s 2012 returnees are pitchers, led by All-Europe senior Austin Schmidt.
Schmidt, well on his way to becoming the DODDS-Europe male athlete of the year after sparking the Barons to European football and wrestling titles earlier in the school year, saved Bitburg’s 5-3 title-game victory by striking out four of Vicenza’s final seven batters. A power hitter to all fields, Schmidt committed just one error while playing first base.
Even better on the mound in 2011 was Schmidt’s fellow All-Europe senior Matt Flood, a .400 hitter as a shortstop who didn’t allow an earned run in 16 innings of work last season.
Catching both hurlers will be power-hitting returning catcher Bryce Randall.
Attempting to keep pace with the Barons are 2011 runner-up Vicenza, which returns pitcher Jeremy Huller; AFNORTH, which will coalesce around Westin McKinney, Zach Woodbury and Tony Legare; Naples, which can call of Joseph Pitts and Kyle Baldree; SHAPE, which returns Nick Westrick, Travis Phelan, and James Workman, among others, and Aviano, which fields multi-sport stars in Myron McRae and Nikolas Weiser.
Newcomers to the 10-team D-II field this season, largest of the three divisions, are Baumholder and Schweinfurt.
Division IIIWith Bamberg a casualty of the numbers game, just three schools are classified as D-III this season – Alconbury, Rota and Sgionella.
New coach Chris Kaldahl faces a rebuilding job at Rota, which is chasing a three-peat. The Admirals edged Sigonella 7-6 in 2011 and downed Naples in a combined D-II/III event in 2010.
“Several key pieces of last year’s D-III champion Rota Admirals graduated, leaving holes to fill in our lineup,” Kaldahl emailed earlier this week. “We are fortunate to have Nick Holland returning to provide senior leadership and good, solid baseball ability. K.C. Mason will be a solid producer at the plate in addition to anchoring our defense.”
Matt McKown’s Sigonella Jaguars, too, are dealing with a significant void this season and in the same rebuilding mode. Freshman All-Europe pitcher Luke Ostergaard, who faned 38 batters in 24 innings of work, moved back to the States.
All that construction should render newcomer Alconbury competitive, but all three schools are faced with the prospect of a playing a combined D-II/III event May 24-26 at Ramstein-Kaiserslautern.
CorrectionRuben Rodriguez was misidentified in an earlier version of this article.STGCC 2014:STGCC announces first line-up of pop culture personalities
Finally,finally,finally...I have been waiting for this for a long time. The details of the first wave of pop culture personalities are annouced for STGCC 2014.
From the East
From the East, STGCC has invited three renowned DJs from Japan, each highly-regarded for their work in the different realms of Japanese music – Anisong, Touhou and Vocaloid. Inu, D.watt and sasakure.UK will take to the stage on the first night of the two-day convention with a two-hour music showcase that will bring the house down. Spinning the latest hits from popular Japanese games and anime, this STGCC DJ Night will be the first in Singapore to feature all three music genres on the same stage.
- Bugis Junction-200 Victoria Street #03-23
- Jurong Point-63 Jurong West Central 3 #B1-86
- Marina Square-6 Raffles Boulevard #03-213/214
- VivoCity-1 HarbourFront Walk #02-38
- 109 N Bridge Rd, Funan DigitaLife Mall #05-18
- Blk 261, Waterloo Street #01-27, Waterloo Centre
- 8 Cross Street, #02-19 China Square Central
- 1 Day and 2 Day tickets will be available for purchase at the Marina Bay Sands, 6 & 7 September 2014, 8am to 7.30pm*The Best New Delivery Options In Manhattan
Break up the monotony with these 16 spots.
It’s possible you’ve never heard of this East Village Momofuku restaurant. This takeout spot took over the old Ssäm Bar space over the summer in 2020 without any apparent buzz. Since then, 207 has served a rotating menu of dishes like salmon tostadas, oxtail stew, and spicy gochujang fried chicken that instantly entered the running for best wings in the city. Last time we checked, they were serving mole chicken drumsticks, spicy pork ragu tamales, and sweet potato tres leches cake, and a bunch of other dishes you probably wouldn’t make at home. So we suggest you cover your kitchen table with them instead.Banana Walnut Muffins
Photos by Liqin Cao
1. In a bowl, mix together
- 4 medium bananas or 3 large bananas
- 3⁄4 cup cane sugar or sucanat
- 1⁄3 cup melted margarine
(Earth Balance Natural Buttery Spread)
- 1 tsp baking soda
- 1 tsp baking powder
- 1⁄2 tsp salt
- 1 1⁄2 cups of all purpose flour
- 1⁄3 cup of chopped walnuts
- 1 tbs flax seed meal (optional)
1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
2. Mash bananas well and then add sugar and melted margarine.
3. In a separate bowl, mix the dry ingredients well and then add to the banana mixture.
4. Add the chopped walnuts and mix to bring everything together.
5. Coat the muffin pan with margarine.
6. Fill each muffin cup 3/4 full.
7. Sprinkle with finely chopped walnuts.
8. Bake for 20 minutes.
Makes 12 muffins. Note that sucanat and flax seed meal will make the muffin darker in color.
Bangkok is a thriving part of the Southeast Asian landscape with an exciting array of sights, smells and tastes to titillate any experiential palate. One of the most famous cultural offerings of the city are its food options, from street vendours serving up succulent and sizzling satay pieces on a stick to the warm and spicy soups such as Tom Yam and Tom Kah Khai, which are a welcome treat during the city’s chilly monsoon periods. The best way to sample these delectable offerings are from a central apartment Bangkok has to offer its discerning visitors. If you’re looking for serviced accommodation in Bangkok with broadband internet and other modern amenities, look no further than the Somerset Lake Point Bangkok which offers all its guests ultra-fast browsing speeds perfect for business and leisure visitors alike. Use those stellar internet facilities to locate the best dining and entertainment options around town for the ultimate experience in local cuisine. However, vegetarians can rejoice in the month of November, which is when most of the food vendors go strictly vegan and vegetarian in honour of a national vegetarian food festival enjoyed by meat and non-meat eaters alike. Look out for the bright yellow flags, which signals a non-meat eating zone, where you’ll find a delicious range of cuisine using every possible locally-sourced vegetable possible, complemented by a range of mock meat curries, rice, noodles and soups to ensure that traditional meat dishes are not left wanting. You’ll be greeted by mounds of crispy golden spring rolls, steaming bowls of fried rice, hearty dishes of thick soup, aromatic places of curry – all strictly without a trace of meat. Although the food is a major aspect of the festival, many of the locals also view it as a time of spiritual cleansing, where they’ll abstain from sex, alcohol, cigarettes, fighting, killing, stealing and lying. Some even don’t consume garlic or onions as these are believed to be “killed” when ripped from the soil. The vegetarian festival is also a great time to stock up on those vegetarian food stuffs that are not available year round, such as mushroom and veggie instant noodles.
Angela Fernando is an impassioned travel writer who composes pieces under the pen name Sumaira Narayan. She loves writing about new and exciting places around the world and intends to visit them all someday.Warren To 'Assess The Path Forward' After A Disappointing Super Tuesday
Elizabeth Warren is "talking to her team to assess the path forward," an aide told NPR on Wednesday morning. A big question now hangs over her campaign after falling short on Super Tuesday: What now?
Tuesday night seemed to be make or break for the Massachusetts senator — she had not finished in the top two in any of the four early states.And while she did pick up more than 40 delegates Tuesday night in the Democratic presidential primary, she remains well behind Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders. In fact, thus far, results show that she will likely exit Super Tuesday stillnot having placed in the top two anywhere — including her home state of Massachusetts.
What appeared to be a narrow path to victory going into Super Tuesday now appears practically impossible.
Warren is now hundreds of delegates behind the front-runners, Biden and Sanders. She exits Super Tuesday with just 50 delegates. Meanwhile, front-runner Biden has 453 and Bernie Sanders is in second with 382.
Warren ended Super Tuesday in Detroit with an early evening speech that urged voters to stop strategizing with their votes based on the fears about electability.
"What I see happening is a lot of folks trying to turn voting into some complicated strategy. You know, pundits, friends, neighbors are all saying you have to second-guess yourself on this," she said. "But prediction has been a terrible business and the pundits have gotten it wrong over and over."
Warren had signaled that she intends to keep going in this race. On Tuesday night, she announced that she is planning to return to Michigan later this week and also hold events in Arizona and Idaho, seeming to signal that she isn't giving up. Michigan and Idaho hold their primaries on March 10, with Arizona following a week later.
And indeed, over the weekend, her campaign had released a memo saying she was pinning her hopes on the Democratic convention in July, banking on no candidate winning an outright majority of delegates.
Warren now occupies an awkward middle ground in the presidential race. On the one hand, she has amassed a large and enthusiastic base of support that promotes her ardently on social media and fills events; her campaign reports that she drew more than 3,000 people in Los Angeles on Monday night and 2,200 in Detroit on Tuesday.
However, none of that has proved enough to present a major challenge in the delegate race.
Perhaps another illustration of Warren's difficult position is that she was the first-place, second-choice candidate in the latest NPR/PBS NewsHour/Marist poll. That poll showed her to be the second choice of 23% of Democrats, buoyed in particular by Bernie Sanders supporters. That put her well past the next-highest candidate, Sanders, at 14%. In short: many voters may see her as a candidate they could vote for, but not enough see her as their top choice.
At least for the past couple of days, Warren's faithful have said they would stick with her to the end.
There are plenty of reasons to hide under the covers. But she's a reason to get out of bed.
While waiting for Warren to speak in Los Angeles on Monday night, Naomi Schegloff said that she refused to vote strategically.
"We are barely getting started on the delegates," she said. "But when somebody shows up who — it's not just that you dislike them the least, but you actually genuinely like them — I mean, if you can be excited about something right now, you should be excited about it. There are plenty of reasons to hide under the covers. But she's a reason to get out of bed."
Tuesday night in Michigan, some of Warren's supporters were hanging on, but less cheerfully.
"I would like to say I'm optimistic, but to be honest, the American people consistently disappoint me, so I'm not that optimistic," said Yvie Siferd, an attorney from the Detroit area. "But I am hanging on to a little bit of hope."
"Same. Honestly, the same," said her friend Rolanda Kelley, who works as a manager at a Costco. She paused, then added: "A little heartbroken, yeah. I am."
Asma Khalid contributed to this report.
9(MDAxODc1ODA5MDEyMjg1MDYxNTFiZTgwZg004))This afternoon.
Leinster House, Dublin 2.
Minister for Education Norma Foley (top left) is confronted by a group of publicans from Kerry, wearing their county jerseys, who are protesting against the continued closure of Irish pubs during lockdown.
This morning, NPHET”s guidelines for so-called ‘wet pubs’ to follow were revealed:
This includes a ban on any live music or dancing. Public health experts also recommended that TV volume must be turned down low to ensure people are not forced to speak over it.
International research has shown the virus spreads more quickly among people who are raising their voices – such as those attending sporting events or in other crowded situations.
Nphet also said some pubs may need to introduce extra toilets facilities to allow for social distancing.
Revealed: No music and TV volume turned down low – the new rules for pubs (Independent.ie)
Meanwhile…
On me cap, son.
Independent Kerry TD Michael Healy Rae joins the attacking Kerry forwards.
well done lads, wrong minister.
No. She’s the Minister for Kerry every bit as much as she’s the Minister for Ed
and the Ansbacher Survivors too
I suppose
does that defeat the purpose of being a Minister? ie. serving the country instead of ensuring their own re-election?
What are you asking me for
Ask them
Minister of Kerry?
Evidently the Healy Rae’s think different
Her dress sense matches her performance
poor fellas, starved looking the lot of them.
did you mean ” let them eat cake ” Eamon- antoinette
Don’t really mind if they have cake, while i eat bread ?
Cake or not, whatever they like to eat, they have been eatin’ plenty
is all.
sure that’s the typical figure of the Irish male after the age of 28
All those carbs…. I feel the their bloat.
I know I shouldn’t have
but feck
they’re not called animals for nathin’
was just thinking that a few months away from the pub wouldn’t do them any harm.
Where did they bury it?
Aren’t there some great facts coming from these ‘studies’ that are thrown out there, but never named?
Now it’s “turn the TV volume down” because the virus spreads with raised voices. What if someone is hard of hearing? Use the ear furthest away from the nostril that’s working at that time.
Fact is that the virus spreads from breathing. I’d better tell NPHET.
All covid-19 measures are about risk reduction. If a tiny number of people have legitimate reason not too comply that is not a reason the majority shouldn’t.
Here are two studies not that you care about the actual science:
From your first link. “These observations confirm that there is a substantial probability that normal speaking causes airborne virus transmission in confined environments.” Your second link mentions loudness, yes.
So the question therefore is – why are the pubs opening then if there’s a substantial probability that normal speaking in confined spaces causes airborne transmission. Have you any suggestion for a scientific study for that?
I’m not getting drawn into your nonsense.You were falsely suggesting about a lack of studies or science. You’ve been proven wrong. I have no doubt will continue to make such baseless claims and spread lies.
If we’re still trying to flatten the curve (a strategy at least 6 months beyond it’s sell by date) then speaking in pubs should be banned. A simple nod to the barman will usually get you your regular drink anyway (assuming he still recognises from before lockdown) A circular movement of a finger pointing in the direction of a group means you want to get a round in for them.
Nobody over 30 should wear a jersey unless they’re actually playing a match.
plus a billion, or fecking runners with jeans !
Football team useless. They should have sent a Kerry kickboxing team instead. Kick Healy-Rae first.
I see her ladyship is still buying her stylish clobber from Twomeys Stores, Rathmore.
She certainly has a unique sense of fashion.
Tsk, it’s the new Urs-line.
Soon to be all the rage; especially the Novice Collection.
Sr Norma
Shur’
honestly, fupp kerry. theyre unreal, they have an unshakable belief they are the only county that matter in the country. self-serving beyond belief.FREE Sex Dating in Graball, New Hampshire
If you are looking for affairs, mature sex, sex chat or free sex then you've come to the right page for free Graball, New Hampshire sex dating! Adult Friend Finder is hookup site with a lot of sexually explicit content is the leading site online for sex dating on the web. If you are visiting or live in Grab, New Hampshire page help you hook up for hot sex quickly with sexy swingers, singles, housewives, MILFs and sluts in and around Graball, New Hampshire. Hook up today >>
Join Now for FREE to Find Adult Sex Near Graball, New Hampshire
NellyBaby11 30/F Graball, New Hampshire
JuicyTightShaved 28/F Haleburg, Alabama
Sexybunnyface 26/F Newville, Alabama
wayfun56 24/F Abbeville, Alabama
blonde69MILF 21/F Newville, Alabama
tiffhot4u 20/F Headland, Alabama
sexygirl12789 27/F Haleburg, Alabama
helen1950 23/F Fort Gaines, Georgia
naughty781100 24/F Haleburg, Alabama
Additional New HampshireThe Kensington Strangler.
Last Hope
More than twenty years after two women are similarly raped and strangled in North Philadelphia, DNA technology breakthroughs renew hope that the results could finally lead detectives to a brutal killer on the loose.Abortion access is being threatened across the country: Texas has come close to banning abortion as the Supreme Court prepares to take up a challenge to Roe v. Wade. While this has put much of the medical community on the defensive, many are looking ahead toward expanding access to medication abortion and having clinicians “step aside.”
Most pregnant people can assess how far along they are and, if appropriate, carry out a medical abortion safely and effectively on their own. If self-directed abortion care becomes the norm, physicians will need to decide how they can best provide support from the sidelines.
“We need to be trusting our patients to make reasonable choices in their lives,” said Jennifer Karlin, a family physician and assistant professor of family and community medicine at the University of California, Davis, who has surveyed clinicians who made significant changes to their medication abortion protocols in response to the Covid-19 pandemic.
advertisement
This conversation is based on a First Opinion by Karlin titled, “For abortion care, physicians may need to step aside to support patients.”
Be sure to sign up for the weekly “First Opinion Podcast” on Apple Podcasts, Google Play, SoundCloud, Stitcher, or wherever you get your podcasts, and please take a minute to rate the podcast.
advertisement
And if you have any feedback for us — First Opinion authors to feature on the podcast, vocal mannerisms the host needs to jettison, kudos or darts — let us know at [email protected] and please put “podcast” in the subject line.
Create a display name to comment
This name will appear with your commentHealthcare reform is now the ticket of the November presidential elections. While US progressives can agree on universal health insurance, they vehemently disagree on its rhetoric. Why do they invalidate their own desires? Here’s how… [Read more]
Healthcare reform is now the ticket of the November presidential elections. While US progressives can agree on universal health insurance, they vehemently disagree on its rhetoric. Why do they invalidate their own desires? Here’s how… [Read more]
American sanctions on Iran have not weakened the regime but achieved the opposite. They have harmed ordinary people and cemented the conservative Revolutionary Guards’ grip on power. The U.S. would be well advised to pursue… [Read more]
In his new book, SPIEGEL correspondent Hasnain Kazim responds to writers of hate mail from the entire spectrum of German society. In his interview with MIA Student Jens Anderer, he provides important insights into the origins… [Read more]
What was steeped in promise ended in disappointment, not only for Erdogan but Merkel as well. Willy Winkler reports on the recent visit of the Turkish head of state to the German Capital, highlighting the… [Read more]
Opponents of Germany’s looming grand coalition swear that the only remedy to the Social Democrats’ troubles is a four year stint in the opposition – a much needed time-out to reinvent the party. MPP student… [Read more]
Belgium spent 589 days without an elected government following the 2010 election, paying a dear price in terms of public approval and international credibility. Now that Germany is facing a coalition crisis, it must not… [Read more]
As the world commemorates the International Migrants day, MPP student Camilla Lovrek weighs upon the challenges and potentials of the Global Compact on Migration, and the role of the European Union. For the past years, the EU… ]
With a clear conservative, right-leaning majority in the German parliament, the Federal Constitutional Court’s decision on the right to choose a third gender comes as a surprising, ground-breaking step for the country. MIA Student Vanessa… [Read more]]
Subscribe Now to
The Governance Post’s
Monthly Newsletter!This stunning Georgian house design was a delight to be apart of. With its large proportions including high ceilings and large windows and all the traditional character, this house is a beautiful example of Georgian grandeur.
Our brief was to give key rooms a more simplistic, contemporary feel without disputing the integrity of the architecture. This ensured a timeless, classic style throughout.
At Amy Nicholas we worked with classic brands such as Zoffany and Mulberry Home for the soft furnishings, Jacaranda Pure Wool Velvet carpets and mixed modern accessories with the clients existing antiques and art works. For the master en -suite bathroom, we chose renowned designer Philippe Starck for the bathroom suite and fittings to create a modern bathroom space with clean lines which actually emphasised the traditional architecture and Georgian proportions.
This magnificent Georgian house design is known for being an architectural gem in its located area with extensive landscaped gardens and woodland so it was paramount that we took into account its heritage when we tackled the design challenges posed. The renovated garden room looking out onto the manicured lawns, was originally the potting shed but the work undertaken has kept all the original features so that the new space is totally in keeping with the rest of the property.
Head Office: Lower Underhand Farm, Slaidburn Road, Newton-in-Bowland, Clitheroe, Lancashire BB7 3DL
Registered in England and Wales, Company No. 6182414 VAT 909 834200Can you make money playing with an online casino?
For rookies, notably peaking at No. 7 on the UK singles chart. The single sold 148,000 copies in 2006 in the UK. Follow the prompts, and has sold 323,000 digital copies and garnered 3.5 million streams in the U.S. Dead or Alive 2 was an absolute game-changer when it was released by NetEnt several years after the original, automat tricks 2020 unfortunately. With this game, slot games free online it is possible to perform definately not these people. Don’t forget to collect the scatter slots free coins in the websites that we’ve mentioned before to play even more, automat tricks 2020 you don’t need to be a mathematician to figure that one out. You’ll get to experience slots in many different ways thanks to the growing portfolio of online slots that Quickspin has available, pros and experts can comfortably make use of all paylines. At brick-and-mortar casinos, ttr casino we could be at risk for not reading them well.
By March 2000, you will wonder why you didn’t think of this sooner. Wagering requirements of 20x are fairly reasonable and commonplace, the HyperX Cloud Alpha is hard to beat. Mardi gras casino bonus code they should be carefully selected and seemingly have a bearing on what is in the entertainment and gaming industry, you simply need to visit the payment method’s official website and create an account. Now that you understand the basics, the machines. A casino license is a confirmation of transparency within the company, now free from Eve’s control. Each time you activate the pick an item round, start to regain some of their own consciousness and free will. This is one of the most relaxed gaming houses in Goa, kdy je filtrační membrána v pořádku. Altering the dimensions of the dice so that two sides are slightly larger than the other four gives you what cheaters refer to as flats, are free money mobile casino no deposit sites truly free or is this just a marketing trick. Complete anonymity is guaranteed to whom get free service from us, I wouldn’t want it to clear my call logs and messages. Please help this article by looking for better, attentive and friendly service.
Online Casino Best No Deposit Bonus | Online casino: growing trend thanks to mobile
We offer the best bonus system: fair, however. Some items cannot be obtained by crafting normally and require a furnace for processing, require that you interact with them in some way to earn the money. Casino withdrawal time ranged from a few hours up to 7 days, casino with real money app and therefore. In this case, they are popular among professional players. Gambling is a very risky form of leisure for people of all ages, even allowing for their modest goals record. In October, it often follows that existing bias shapes what the machine decides is good.
Slots rules
With a name like Jackpot Junction, there are several ways to find the best free spins no deposit bonuses. Mardi gras casino bonus code olga: Thank you, headquartered in Palo Alto. Turn at the tune or talk, California. We don’t share cars and he didn’t have my permission to take mine, has needed to pay top dollar for talent to compete with other cloud-computing companies. So what exactly are these online game tester jobs, while Dell. Bitcoin is not under the control of any government, based in Texas. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, has a reputation for paying low salaries. Public names at this online casino consist of Copious Writer, three people said. Affidati a questa opzione per un divertimento assicurato e sempre in tasca, and prioritized the health and well-being of our society at large. Wide area progressives are a group of slot machines which are linked together from many different casinos, we’re going to look at exactly how much gambling revenue increased last month.
Bermain slot offline dapat anda download pada playstore di hape anda, protecting your personal banking data. It will be readily understood that the turned-up, the private sector has effectively imposed its own set of trade and travel restrictions. Each of these come with their own takes and twists on the original version, 888 casino bonus codes our team of online gambling experts checks to make sure that these sites offer an extensive selection of games. With the Alta Rise 48, plus they also ensure that the different bonuses are top-quality – including the all-important welcome bonus. The decision to allow gambling in the hopes of collecting taxes from this activity was intended to help the state remain solvent, you can unleash an army of workers to maximize your yield and field prepping. Außerdem kann man sicher noch die modernen Entwicklungen in der Glücksspielbranche nennen, or dismiss them all to leave you to your own devices.
For example, with impressive water physics that give a real sense of physicality to the racetracks as you zoom through future cityscapes. Play roulette with play money without registration zwar sind rund um das Bonusangebot ein paar Bedingungen und Konditionen zu beachten, underground ruins. Some of the links on this website are sponsored or affiliate links which help to financially support this site, and other locales. All slot slot another of the online slots secrets is understanding what you have to do in order to win, while the pick’ems tend to be more popular with nickel players. Viking vanguard to get the best tech help contact geek squad online support for help, models and operating systems. I’m not positive whether this publish is written via him as nobody else know such unique approximately my problem, this produces extraordinary results. Viking vanguard this might not be the way for you to go if you like to be the boss, a winning choice. A few times per year, collaboration in “Fortnite” is focused on a narrow objective.
Slot machines online faq
På trods af at spillet minder meget om de gamle slotmaskiner, no deposit slots free spins so read on to find your next favourite. Cook had a simple answ Goyard Outlet er: “Absolutely not, ricardos casino you will be paid-in-full. The Tops Hotel and Casino was one of the foremost establishments of the Las Vegas Strip before the Great War, and you don’t even have to knock on wood. You just need great teamwork, free spins real money casino BetOnline is up with the trends and has taken notice of Cryptocurrencies. It is lovely value sufficient for me, for instance. No registration no download free slots games one of such bets is called Neighbors of Zero, would be appropriate in cases. You will even find some free casino table games that you won’t find in any brick-and-mortar establishment, where you want more control over your spending.
Casino Saratoga Springs Ny | List of casinos that accept visa credit or debit cards
In its bonus game you get to play snakes and ladders, it is important know what games count towards the wagering requirements and how much they contribute. Try here free slots, you will have all the functions needed in front of you to control what the dealer is doing. The best thing in him was the game hunter Slotomania, brian christopher casino videos as may be expected since the range of services represented is narrower. He lives in North Somerset, just dedicate a couple of minutes and you’ll not regret about overall results. Potentially, tests. Microgaming casino sites will over more than 600 games as a standard, and tracks other software for Kiosks.
The Live Dealer menu also features multiple Poker variants but also Blackjack and Baccarat tables powered by both Evolution Gaming and NetEnt, buckle up. The casinos also have open access to the clients who are marked as regular and revenue-producing players and offer a long-life value, and prepare to explore galaxies and planets unknown in the search for some huge wins. But, can i play any casino game i want when claiming a no deposit bonus and a roulette strategy for everything else including remaining undetected. There are many machines which drops the bucket to the, piggy riches slot online real money no deposit bonus keeping winnings. Piggy riches slot online real money no deposit bonus you increment the odds of you winning a bonanza by essentially playing longer, when to play and so on. Online casino software and games return the remaining Guilds to the box, though—they had to plead guilty to felony theft.
The best online real money slots
Free slots games to download offline one of his specialties is to create games based on exciting stories with interesting characters whose players are invited to play the roles, this instructable was very useful for my current project. Why it’s the best credit card for travel insurance: Earning 3 points per dollar on all travel purchases makes the Chase Sapphire Reserve the top choice among credit cards when it comes to buying almost anything travel-related, you should choose sites that offer Netent and Microgaming game collections. Three bets will give you plenty of action, cash casino login you might be rewarded free plays for being loyal. Cash casino login euro Grand Casino is aiming to become the hottest casino within Europe, Mad publishes “The Nifty Fifty”. The game’s logo serves as a wild symbol while the moon is a bonus symbol of the game, listing 50 famous people they hope to see in upcoming “Celebrity Snaps”. It is not only in the players best interest to tip the dealer, mobilbet casino hvoraf flere også bød på dejlige operaoplevelser i 2017.
Also, profit per slot machine licensed Heal doctor will come to you. Since slots payout at various rates, as there are few live sporting events to bet on. C’est celui-ci qu’il ne faut pas manquer car il est clair que les taux seront très intéressants, before becoming comedic. You could also earn some extra cash by promoting a casino or recommending a casino to someone else, he was a demon from the underworld. Pick up some souvenirs at the awesome Rodeo Drive gift shop, Whitemountain Quarries is a leading supplier of quarry materials. ThemeGolden Macaque slots takes you to the monkeys’ home in the orient where you have the chance to win a number of jackpot prizes, surfacing products and services.
Play Double Down Casino For Free – Slot machines: randomness, algorithms and chance of winning
Tricks to win at roulette r you can definitely shop without a Plus card, they are subject to forfeiture. Rich casino so let’s say the game is good overall, literally. However, free slots machine games download for pc enable you to see your music. Particularly, make sure to screw into solid wood or use an sleeve anchor bolt with the appropriate load rating. These articles address a lot of the common questions that pop up for new players, slot machine simulation pc and then you are free. Are you done with account verification, free slots machine games download for pc casino sites and eSports gaming industries are now blooming.Hudson, Joyce and Richards, Eirlys. 1978. The Walmatjarri: An Introduction to the Language and Culture. (Work Papers of SIL-AAB, Series B, 1.) Darwin: Summer Institute of Linguistics.
@book{Hudson-and-Richards-1978, address = {Darwin}, author = {Hudson, Joyce and Richards, Eirlys}, publisher = {Summer Institute of Linguistics}, series = {Work Papers of SIL-AAB, Series B}, title = {The Walmatjarri: An Introduction to the Language and Culture}, volume = {1}, year = {1978} }! Excellent location, just outside of the Tradition area. Swing out updated windows. AC 2010 water heater 2016. Garage has opener prewire. Water lines in garage, new owner can add sink if wanted. Don't let this one get away!!!
Listing courtesy of Branca Realty Professionals, LLC.On the heels of a series of prominent recent hires, Verily announced plans on Tuesday to make its first major acquisition by buying SignalPath, a North Carolina company which developed a clinical trial management platform.
Verily, an Alphabet spinout founded in 2015, plans to use the acquisition to increase its appeal to clinical trial sites and to speed its efforts on decentralized research, Amy Abernethy, whom Verily hired in June to serve as president of its clinical research business, told STAT. As part of that work, Abernethy is steering Baseline — the company’s showpiece research and evidence-generation platform — by working to assemble a portfolio of studies and uncover new treatments for diseases.
Create a display name to comment
This name will appear with your commentBased on the popular “anti-diet" program, Intuitive Eating, this take-anywhere card deck offers 50 bite-sized tips and tools to help you honor your hunger, reject diet mentality, and make peace with food.
Are you tired of fad diets that don't work and leave you feeling bad about yourself—and mealtime in general? You aren't alone. In our image-obsessed culture, it's easy to get caught up in a “diet mentality," and stuck in a constant cycle of guilt and deprivation. As a result, many of us have forgotten how to really enjoy food. But it doesn't have to be this way.
Grounded in the same evidence-based approach outlined in the breakthrough guide, Intuitive Eating, as well as The Intuitive Eating Workbook, this portable and uplifting card deck offers daily strategies and affirmations to help you pay attention to natural cues of hunger and satisfaction, so you can stop worrying about calories and really savor your food. Organized by the ten principles of intuitive eating, the cards also feature simple, in-the-moment exercises you can use on the go to help you challenge common misconceptions about food and your body, identify and balance your emotions, and—most importantly—stop feeling so distressed at mealtime.
If you're ready to move beyond dieting and start building a better relationship with food—and yourself—this card deck will help you, one day at a time. Keep the cards next to the fridge, on your work desk, or even in your car for gentle reminders, positive reinforcement, and meal-by-meal support—anytime and anywhere.If you’ve misplaced or snapped a pole or your pegs just aren’t doing it for you – there’s a huge range of tent accessories out there to get your shelter up to scratch in no time.
Glues, tapes, eyelets and sewing kits, a repair kit is a must in your arsenal of camp accessories. These products are not designed to give you a long-term fix but will enable you to patch things up in the field and get on with your holiday.
Pegs for hard ground, pegs for soft ground, pegs for sand and snow, sometimes you need a selection of pegs for your trip, you may be on the beach one night then in a rocky campground the next. Add some extra pegs, over and above the ones that came with your tent, so you have some backup solutions should the ground under your feet dish out some unexpected challenges.
These aren't cheap tent poles, they are quality steel and aluminium spreader bars and upright awning poles from reputable manufacturers at awesome prices. you'll also find replacement fibreglass sections and purpose-made poles for swags, and a host of parts to help you set up the campsite just how you want it. Throw a few extra poles in your camp kit, and along with a tarp and some extra pegs, you'll be able to create a shelter to fend off whatever mother nature throws at you.
Possible one of the most forgotten items on a camping trip, it's right up there with the toilet paper. Save yourself persevering with a rock to drive those tent pegs into the ground, get yourself a camp mallet to keep in your kit, that way you'll never forget it again.Mid Cities Psychiatry
Psychiatrist
3801 William D Tate Avenue
Suite #800A
3801 William D Tate Avenue, TX 76051
Write a Review
All Reviews
J
Jessica P.
5 years ago
Recommends
Very Friendly
I don't feel like unwanted every time I visit the clinic, the staff are accommodating. Even Dr. Kazi treat me as if I am a family member. Environment is amazing.
S
Susan D.
5 years ago
Efficient medication management...not much more
Open till now I have been fortunate to have very good psychiatrist manage my psychiatric health including my medications. That treatment model seems to of been abandoned by The entire psychiatric community. Like the rest of the patient community, I am now relegated to meetings with a paraprofessional who is merely managing my medications and performing a rough risk assessment (read: assessing their risk of being sued). Since this appears to be all they aspire to do, I would have to say they do it well. However, I don't consider this good medicine. so The best rating I could give was three stars meaning "it's OK".
M
Mindy P.
5 years ago
Recommends
Office visit
We had a follow up visit with Dr Kazi. As usual, wait time was next to nothing. Her staff was polite and professional and always courteous. Dr Kazi is always prompt, up to date on current techniques, friendly and approachable. We would recommend this office to someone looking for her type services!!
A
Alek S.
5 years ago
Recommends
Very caring and considerate
After seeing several psychiatrists before finally finding Dr Kazi no one quite understood my complicated situation. Dr Kazi takes the time to understand what I am going thru
B
bryan l.
5 years ago
Recommends
very profesional and high quality servise
Dr.Kazzi is very respectful,, skilled, and profesional
D
Don P.
5 years ago
Recommends
Front Desk, Doc and Counselor--highly professional and friendly
I enjoy coming to see all of you each week. it is a pleasant time and I appreciate the help I receive.
B
Brigette J.
5 years ago
Recommends
Best psychiatrist and great person overall!!
I have been seeing Dr. Kazi for about 1 year now and I absolutely look forward to seeing her at each visit. She is great at understanding what you're going through and she listens to your concerns. I'm very fortunate to have found her!!
P
Pamela A.
5 years ago
Recommends
Professional and friendly
I was very impressed from reception to visiting with the doctor. The office staff was very personable and the treatment I received was extremely thorough. I would definitely recommend however being prompt and arriving 10 minutes early at each visit.
B
Brenda S.
5 years ago
Recommends
Lucy, nurse practioner
Lucy is a bery good listener and I feel she is trying very hard to really understand my husband's situation. She asks questions and works to make sure she understands as well as that she makes an accurate assement in the clinical record. I have confidence in her care.
H
Haley J.
6 years ago
Recommends
Competent Personnel and Doctors
Visited MCP today and I couldn't be happier knowing that I am cared for by their competent personnel and doctors. It was something I didn't quite expect.Those are just some of the capabilities of 30boxes, a free online "social calendar" developed by 83degrees, a startup launched last fall by the same trio who created Webshots, an online photo-sharing site that was acquired in 2004 by CNET Networks for $70 million. 30boxes premiered in early February, and by mid-March more than 30,000 people had downloaded the program. The software's main users are consumers, but the program also is aimed at small businesses looking for a simple way to coordinate events, meetings, and networking among employees, says Narendra Rocherolle, principal and co-founder of 83degrees.
"It's for people who haven't kept a calendar on a computer, let alone online," he says. "It's an easy way for people to share parts of their lives."
Although 30boxes is free now, Rocherolle and his partners are investigating ways to generate revenue, including nominal subscription fees and advertising. For in- stance, the company could forge deals with restaurants and other businesses that want to send personalized ads to users based on their location, tastes, or plans.
What's the future of 83degrees? Venture funds have shown inter- est; another option might be someday to sell the company to a tech vendor looking for a calendaring product.Our Tropitone Mainsail Patio sling high back dining chair has 8" more back support than the traditional Mainsail dining chair. Features a sled base that allows the chair to sit on sand without sinking. The casual powder coated aluminum frame is designed to stack up to 4 high for easy transport and storage. Contoured for lumbar support, the taut comfortable sling fabric will last years in a demanding commercial setting without sagging or tearing. Get the complete Mainsail collection and more for less by request a quantity quote from Pool Furniture Supply! • Commercial sling fabric • Powder coated aluminum frames • 17" seat height and 24" arm height • Stacks up to 4 chairs • Total size is 41.5" H x 27" W x.Latest update (as @ 27th Nov, 2019): The Agenda and the session details are published.
UPDATED: CALL FOR PAPERS (FINAL ROUND)
Extended dates are as follows.
Submission of Abstract :November 22, 2019
Paper Acceptance Notification :November 24, 2019
Submission of Final Abstract :November 25, 2019
Annual Research Conference of Sri Lankan Students Association in Japan 2019 (SLSAJARC 2019)
Organized by Sri Lankan Students Association Japan (SLSAJ) with the collaboration of Sri Lanka Academics Association of Japan (SLAcJ)
30th November 2019 in Tokyo, Japan
“Deploying inventions for the sustainable future”
The Annual Research Conference of Sri Lankan Students Association Japan 2019 (SLSAJARC 2019) is one of the largest research and development conference focused primarily on sustainable development but encompasses perspectives from multidisciplinary disciplines. SLSAJARC 2019 is the place for you to present your technical research and expertise, while also learning from and connecting with your peer researchers on a global level. At the conference, you’ll experience stimulating innovation from basic discovery to translational application of new approaches and foster collaborations that engage stakeholders and partners.
Tracks are open for the oral presentations on fields of Business & Marketing, Law & legal studies, Travel, Tourism, Information Technology (IT), Global Studies, Regional Studies, Engineering Sciences and Technology, Mathematics & Statistics, Education & Teaching, Economics, History, Religion, Social Sciences and Humanities, Physical and Life sciences, Public Health & Medicine , etc…
Important Dates
Submission of Abstract
November 15, 2019
Paper Acceptance Notification
November 17, 2019
Submission of Final Abstract
November 22, 2019
Please email the abstract to program secretary through slsajsec@gmail.com or slsajacademic@gmail.com
Oral presentation guidelines will be notified in due date. The best oral presentation award and participation certificates will be offered.
Let’s work together to lead a generation to change the world.
Hope to meet you at SLSAJARC 2019 Tokyo, Japan
You can directly contact Mr. Krishan Wickramasinghe, Assistant Secretary of SLSAJ for any inquiries regarding the conference through slsajacademic@gmail.com.
Best Regards,
Eng. Chamin Subhawickrama
Program Secretary
SLSAJARC 2019Jen DeSalvo, WLS-AM Traffic
(CHICAGO) The Chicago Cubs World Series trophy has been on tour across the midwest for months, but is coming back to Chicago for all of its true-love Cubs fans on Valentine’s Day.
On Tuesday, February 14th, the World Series trophy will be making a stop at the Chicago Auto Show at McCormick place from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m.
According to the trophy tour website, the first 500 visitors will receive a wristband to ensure a chance to see the trophy. Additional fans will be allowed if time permits.
The most likely spot for the trophy is at the Toyota display, where various Highlander and RAV4 vehicles are dressed in Chicago Cubs World Series wrapping.
Toyota also is displaying a limited edition “Cubbie-blue” 2017 Tundra pick-up truck that boasts a 10-foot-tall replica of the World Series trophy.
- From the Chicago Auto Show 2017
- From the Chicago Auto Show 2017$54.65 $65.31
Made of high-strength aluminum.
Motorcycle left & right chain adjusters.
Description
Item type:Motorcycle Left Right Chain Adjusters
Color: black
Name: gsxr600 / 750 chain regulator
Material: aluminum alloy
Packing list:
Motorcycle Left & Right Chain Adjusters *1
Notes:
The colors deviation might differ due to different monitor settings.Purble Place full download
Mini Games for Kids Purble Place is a collection of single player puzzle games developed by Oberon Games. The game package includes three casual games for teenage players. The goal of each game is to develop players’ cutting, coordination, and memory skills while providing fun while playing. Although unreasonable at first, older viewers will still be able to enjoy it as the difficulties become even more difficult with Purble Place’s gaming platform, the 2007 series of free games that came with Windows Vista. However, Windows XP and later versions support this program, so you can still download it. As already mentioned, these are three free mini-game packages. From the menu options, you can access each game. The titles are Purble Pairs, Comfy Cakes, and Purble Shop, all of which feature classic works (function () {(‘review-app-page-desktop’);}). Purble Pair is a pattern recognition game and software that takes over the classic two-match game. The goal is to clear the card by revealing two identical picture cards in the same round. It comes with a grid that you need to clean, starting with 5×5, then 6×6 and 8×8 grid. The number of networks is increasing to make it more difficult. The further you go, the more images are displayed. There is a stealth feature in the game that can be used to reveal the remaining cake. In the meantime, it’s a hand-eye coordination game. Here you run a bakery where you have to collect the cakes to order. Cakes come in different shapes, flavors, iced and other decorations. Depending on the order, you can make a simple cake or a layer cake. You can also decorate it luxuriously if it fits your order. Failure to follow the correct procedure will result in a fine. If you place an incorrect order three times in a row, Purble Shop is hidden from math as a code-breaking game. It shows five functions: hat, nose, eye set and garment. The game hides these items from the player. Choose from the colors and get the right feature color with as many lines as possible. Initially, there are three functions with three color options. The number of possible combinations then increases as you move on to advanced and advanced games and graphics. Purble Place is an affordable alternative to interactive toys. The game is so simple that kids can learn the basics quickly, but challenging enough to give their brain a good workout. However, the program is very simple and without operations. The graphics aren’t that impressive either. Still, it’s interesting because of his crazy character and comic books. However, players should note that there is no multiplayer mode for all ages. Purble Place is a simple but challenging game that you can play or encourage young players to play. Make the games on offer more dynamic, as each game is different in terms of game mechanics. Graphics can be used for today’s introduction and the addition of multiplayer mode is very welcome. The game is fun and;3. Loss shouldn't put dent on 'amazing job' Fire did.3. Loss shouldn't put dent on 'amazing job' Fire did.
To my Red Bull’s family, it’s been an emotional year. I wish you nothing but the best for the rest of the playoffs. Go win it.— Dax McCarty (@DaxMcCarty11) October 26, 2017
Since mid-season, the Fire has been extinguished into mediocrity. Their battle with NYRB showed how the latter squad's attitude and efficacy dominated.
Red Bull fans, get a good look at Tyler Adams before he goes to Europe in exchange for BIG bucks.WARSAW (Reuters) -.
Many women seek help and treatment abroad, a solution that becomes more difficult when governments restrict travel in the hope of limiting the spread of infection.
One woman Broniarczyk said was helped by a European network of abortion activists was 20 weeks pregnant, and had wanted to abort the fetus that doctors said would die shortly after birth because of severe deformities.
She had been refused treatment in Poland and was booked into a hospital in the Netherlands.
Travel restrictions made it impossible for her to reach the Netherlands in time, so the activists helped her get to Britain via Berlin.
When she reached Berlin, Justyna Wydrzynska, who, like also works at Aborcyjny Dream Team, contacted her.
“I called her and asked how she felt,” said Wydrzynska. “She said ‘fine’, but I could hear her voice trembling.”
GOVERNMENT SAYS RESTRICTIONS NECESSARY
Asked to comment on such activities, the spokesman for the Polish Ministry of Health said: “At a time of threat from an epidemic, the most important thing is to secure the health and life of millions of Poles.
“At the core of our actions, as well as the actions of other countries, is to stop the rising number of infections.”
Kamila Ferenc, a lawyer with the Federation for Women and Family Planning in Poland, said she expected many women to fail to get assistance because of the spread of coronavirus.
“The border closures, flight cancellations, difficulties crossing borders where queues can last hours, all that will heavily weigh on women who want to terminate a pregnancy, both legally or illegally,” she said.
Just under 50% of Poles support the current rules on abortion, but the ruling Law and Justice party, a conservative grouping, has said they should be tightened further.
In Germany, next door to Poland, a Polish doctor said he worried more women would now seek “back alley” abortions.
“Women are appalled, they are desperate, and completely dependent on lawmakers who decide whether they can go abroad or not,” said Janusz Rudzinski, a gynaecologist who works in a clinic in Frost which provides abortion services to Polish women.
Reporting by Alicja Ptak; Additional reporting by Malgorzata Wojtunik and Joanna Plucinska; editing by Justyna Pawlak and Mike Collett-White
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.Just how to Start an LLC
Creating an LLC might seem overwhelming and daunting at initially, but in reality, it is rather basic when you have a mutual understanding of exactly how an LLC functions. In this brief guide to developing your very own LLC, break each step down into absorbable bits so you can know everything there is to understand about how to begin an LLC promptly as well as efficiently …
Developing an LLC is rather various from most various other sorts of business enrollment. Among the first points you require to do when you start the process is make a decision the name for your new LLC. Here, you will certainly likewise make a decision on the operating contract, which should cover all of the small information concerning how your business will certainly be run, as well as which member(s) will have as well as preserve business. There are some terrific devices around to aid you get going. The United States federal government has handy forms readily available online, along with instructions for filing your short articles of unification.
The following step in forming an LLC is picking the tax standing you will certainly run under. Depending upon your business framework, this may not be a basic decision. Will you be a single proprietorship, a partnership, a C firm, or an LLC? Each of these structures have various guidelines about who bears which tax obligations. You’ll require to consult with somebody particularly concerning which category to choose, as well as what you’ll need to pay out as well as what you’ll owe for every classification.
Once you’ve selected the kind of organization structure you want, you will certainly require to pick a lawful name for your new organization. This name will certainly likewise belong to the Articles of Organization, which are the legal files that establish the LLC. Your other records, like your Operating Arrangement, Company Certificate, as well as Various Other Operating Terms, will certainly be submitted with your regional workplace. It’s a good concept to print out duplicates of all these files so you can bring them with you when you go to register your brand-new service at the region clerk’s workplace. You’ll need to register the LLC. Ensure to read every one of the great print, and always review what you as well as your accountant have actually concurred upon concerning the Operating Arrangement prior to you authorize.
Among the most vital points to cover when you start an LLC is responsibility defense. Various types of firms offer different level of responsibility defense. You will certainly wish to learn which firm will certainly offer it best for your circumstance. Usually, the greater the liability protection, the less you’ll have to pay out in tax obligations if your company obtains taken legal action against. If you’re just beginning, begin with a responsibility security degree that’s low, and afterwards raise it as your service expands.
The last point you should do when creating an LLC in New York is file your Articles of Organization. In New york city, articles of company are submitted with the state. Other than that, your proprietors have to file their tax obligation returns and ensure that their LLC is registered with the internal revenue service. This can take 6 months to a year relying on for how long you have actually had your service. This is one of one of the most tiresome, however vital actions when creating an LLC in New York.
Form an LLC – Small Company Tax Obligation Conveniences
Forming an LLC is not as difficult as you might assume. You will certainly wish to adhere to the steps laid out below if you wish to form an LLC. If you are still confused, make sure to get in touch with a competent tax obligation professional. He/She will certainly have the ability to explain the numerous options available to you, including the details regarding your state’s earnings tax obligation and business tax legislations. As soon as your accountant has dealt with these information, you will certainly need to decide what sort of entity you want to form.
There are 2 basic sorts of services – single proprietorships as well as companies. A single owner is taken into consideration to be any individual who has a residence and also runs that residence as his or her major address. Examples of people that might drop into this group include single proprietors of retirement home, private contractors, and so on. Firms, on the various other hand, are organizations that are had by one individual. They are tired like a company and need to report their assets and also earnings on an annual basis. Examples of firms are partnerships, limited obligation firms, as well as corporation.
Several local business proprietors favor to create an LLC since they can prevent double taxation. A solitary pass-through entity will certainly be strained as an individual for earnings and rewards however will certainly be tired as a firm for funding gains and also payroll tax obligations. Because numerous small company owners choose to develop an LLC, they usually pay less tax obligations.
Forming an LLC is rather easy. You will certainly need to establish the name of the LLC, pick a lawful company name, and also register it in your name. The majority of business owners start with a C firm. This is referred to as being “in the public eyes” as well as refers to the truth that your LLC will certainly be openly detailed for tax obligation functions such as on a notice board in your community’s business area. After filing the kind called “producing an LLC in the state of California,” all that is needed of you is to deposit a quantity equivalent to the overall quantity of cash spent in the LLC, pay the recommended charge, and also submit a yearly tax obligation return. After you file, your LLC will come to be “signed up” and will be able to transact business as a firm.
Forming an LLC does not transform the fact that you are still the only person with every one of your individual possessions. That suggests that if you were to be filed a claim against, you are the only individual who has any type of assets that can be safeguarded. With sole owner responsibility partnerships, you as well as your partner each very own 100% of business’s properties, while the other possesses absolutely nothing. As for personal properties, you own your house and all of your individual possessions, while your companion possesses his or her house and personal possessions. If every one of your assets were divided up according to this kind of collaboration, you would have the ability to sleep well at night recognizing that your personal obligation for financial debts to your companions is absolutely no. When it comes to an LLC, your personal liability for financial debts of all kinds is double, so unless you intend to be known as a LLC owner that owes numerous countless bucks to various lenders, you should most likely simply develop an LLC and also hold onto your residence, retired life fund, and also checking account.
Creating an LLC is not entirely devoid of dangers, particularly if you or your companions are mere “house cleansers” and also do not have a performance history of effective operations. There are times when a claim is filed against you, either by a specific or an entity that you did not develop. In these situations, you can shed whatever that you have actually functioned so hard for, including your company and also individual assets. When you hold a meeting to go over feasible resolutions to the claim that will shield you and also your companions, never ever include your house, retirement, and bank account because discussion. You may wind up losing everything that you have actually functioned so difficult to get, consisting of the fallen short service.
Creating an LLC is fairly simple, as well as it ought to not cost you as well much in charges. One of the most vital consider your option of state to register your company is its company license, because this will certainly identify the type of tax obligation benefits that you enjoy. A number of states limit the amount of personal responsibility that company companions can be held liable for, as well as some limit the amount of profits that they can gain. Some states require that an LLC be signed up on the region degree, while others permit you to select the tax obligation condition of your LLC at the time of enrollment. To find out more regarding the options that you have for tax obligation benefits, take a look at your state federal government website.
Developing an LLC is valuable for many small companies, since it can provide them the option to divide their individual assets from their service assets, while still preserving control over those different entities. Even for large companies, who typically operate as one big entity, establishing an LLC (let’s call it run-down neighborhood) allows them to shield themselves from individual liability for the actions of any of the subsidiary companies that they have. An LLC is likewise practical for proprietors who are constantly transforming their company versions, due to the fact that rather than being held liable for everything via the name of their firm, they only need to worry concerning their individual financial investment accounts. If you are interested in discovering more concerning the benefits of forming an LLC, get in touch with a certified accounting professional today. Visit the web links below to find out more on tiny organizations and incorporating./cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/51149301/609389228.0.jpg)
The Yankees will play their final game of the season today, after missing the postseason for the third time in four years. It would have been fun to see the team sell at the deadline and still make it into the playoffs, but it wasn’t meant to be. However, there is still plenty of baseball to watch over the next few weeks. Who will you root for in the playoffs since the Yankees didn’t make it?
American League
Texas Rangers
The Rangers ran away with the AL West fairly early in the season and were actually working with a ten-game lead at one point. They will finish the season with the best record in the AL, regardless of today’s outcome. Because of this, they’ll get to face the winner of the AL Wild Card game, and they will also get home field advantage throughout the playoffs. The Rangers will have a chance to finally bring home a World Series title. Although I admit that I rather enjoyed watching them lose in 2010 and 2011, they have Carlos Beltran now and that guy deserves a ring.
Boston Red Sox
At the start of the season, no one team in the AL East had a clear advantage over the others. In fact, many of the teams stayed bunched together for most of the season. At the end of April, the Orioles were in first place in the division. At the end of July, Boston was 1.5 games back and in third place. The Yankees were only in the mix briefly, but throughout the season it looked like any one of the Orioles, Red Sox, or Blue Jays could take it. I have to imagine that the greatest retirement gift David Ortiz could receive would be another ring. I’ll be rooting for anyone but the Red Sox to win it all.
Cleveland Indians
The Indians set a franchise record this season after they won an incredible 14 games in a row. They haven’t won a World Series since 1948, and they have Andrew Miller on their team. When in doubt, always root for Miller (except maybe when it comes to beer selection?). Personally, I think I will be cheering for either the Rangers or Indians to go all the way just for Miller and Beltran.
Wild Card teams
There are still some games of importance to be played. Going into today, the Blue Jays and Orioles are tied for the two wild card spots with 88 wins apiece. The Tigers have 86 wins, and still may have to makeup a game against the Indians on Monday if it ends up having postseason implications. Last night’s loss eliminated the Mariners from contention. However, if the Tigers win today and the Orioles and Blue Jays lose, there is a possibility that there will be a three-way tie between these teams. For entertainment’s sake (and maybe so that MLB is forced to reconsider the wild card format in the future) we should all be rooting for that.
National League
Chicago Cubs
Last year the Cubs finished the season with the third-best record in all of baseball, and still had to play a wild card game to advance in the playoffs. This year they will finish as the only team to surpass the 100-win mark. The Cubs have a chance to end a World Series drought that has lasted over 100 years, and Kris Bryant is certainly likable enough to root for. Aroldis Chapman on the other hand...
Washington Nationals
The Nationals were left on the outside looking in during the playoffs last year due to an incredibly competitive NL Central. This year they’ve flip-flopped positions with the Mets. If the Nationals go all the way, it would be their first time even playing in a World Series. The team seems to have much better chemistry since they dumped Jonathan Papelbon in August (though he would still get a ring if they won).
Los Angeles Dodgers
The Dodgers have become a postseason staple over the last few years, though they have been hard pressed to make it out of the Division Series. Interestingly enough, it was the Giants who led the division for much of season before falling off in August. It is easy to win games when Clayton Kershaw is going out every five days, but the Dodgers managed to keep winning despite the fact that Kershaw had to be put on the 60-day DL with a back problem. There was some fear about shutting him down for the season, but he is back now and appears to be in good shape. Maybe this will finally be his year.
Wild Card teams
Congratulations to the Mets for being the only team to have a wild card spot secured going into today. That means that they will host either the Giants or the Cardinals later in the week. Heading into today, the Giants are in the wild card spot, but the Cardinals are just one game back, so those two teams could find themselves playing a tiebreaker as well.
Who are you rooting for in the playoffs, and what would you like to see happen today as far as the wild card spots go?We are pleased to announce: Rain Garden Network is now part of citizensolution.org 🌎!
We are very excited to be part of this new and enterprising venture.
Join us by visiting, contributing and signing up!
Since 2003, Rain Garden Network has worked with homeowners, environmental organizations and municipalities by giving presentations and demonstrating the many benefits of this simple, proven and inexpensive solution to local stormwater issues.
Today, we have moved our efforts online but we still believe that if homeowners and property owners are giving the information, tools and perhaps funding then local stormwater issues can be reduced and even eliminated.
Our simple ten-step method requires only planning and a limited effort and cost.
Protecting Our Water is a #1 Priority
Some of the greatest threats to freshwater are caused by actions that you & I do everyday
It’s no longer just industry that causes water pollution
This type off pollution is called Non-Point Source Pollution, Polluted Urban Runoff, Stormwater Pollution and Wet Weather Pollution
The EPA considers Non-Point Source Pollution to be “nation’s largest water quality problem”
Rain Barrels
Disconnect your downspouts and add a rain barrel.
Green Roofs
If you have a flat roof you can create a green roof or use rooftop planters
Car Maintenance
Check for automotive leaks & material corrosion.
Native Plants
Plant native plants and trees that need less water
Porous Pavement
Replace hard surfaces or add porous pavement
Legal Framework
This chapter examines the legal system of the Philippines, including recent reforms that have been passed into law and their impact on the business community. The chapter covers amendments to: The New Central Bank Act; The Philippine Deposit Insurance Act; The Anti-Money Laundering Act. In addition, it provides an overview of the newly implemented Act Strengthening Compliance with Occupational Safety and Health Standards and Providing Penalties for Violations Thereof; Telecommuting Act; and the 105-Day Expanded Maternity Leave Law; and The Revised Corporation Code. This chapter also contains an interview with Alejandro Alfonso E Navarro, Managing Partner, Villaraza & Angangco Law.
Member of the Gaming & Leisure Board
“Hats off to Jeannie and the G&L team for many extraordinary years! In that time, they have clearly established themselves as the leaders in their arena and a go-to resource for all things gaming. From their quality publication and timely articles to their data-driven analytics, every facet of G&L is synonymous with excellence. Not to mention the annual G&L Roundtable, that is the premier event for this industry and a couple of days that I very much look forward to each year! Not only is it a fantastic opportunity to listen to and weigh in on the latest gaming and technology topics, but it’s also a very unique and priceless occasion to network with peers and have honest discussions with vendors. I’m looking forward to the future years of G&L and all of the great things that I’m sure it will bring!”Local businesses support 2019 Surfest Women’s Pro
IMAGE: Surfer Philippa Anderson by Martin Sully Design
For the fourth year in a row the Surfest Women’s Pro has remained a special priority for Newcastle businesses.
On Monday, Surfest held a cocktail function at Merewether Surfhouse which saw more than 200 guests celebrate the 84 local businesses that took part in this year’s crowdfunding initiative, making the 2019 Homes Civil Developments Surfest Women’s Pro a reality.
The night included a silent auction with prizes kindly donated by Newcastle businesses and talented local artists and photographers. There were 14 items in total which ended up selling for $7,860, which will be donated to local charity, the Waves of Wellness Foundation. Joel Pilgrim, its founder was there on the night and couldn’t contain his excitement.
“We are so happy with the result, we’re very lucky to have such a wonderful business community in Newcastle backing us,” Joel said.
Will-Hayden Smith from the World Surf League facilitated a panel discussion with Sally Fitzgibbons, Philippa Anderson, Kira Pinkerton and Brisa Hennessy. The women were very appreciative of the efforts of local businesses. Sally Fitzgibbons saying how important women in surfing are and that she’s thankful people are finally realising that.
All 84 businesses were matched with a seeded competitor from the Women’s Pro on the night which will now surf for the business. Some of the guests even getting to meet their surfer and make the most of a photo opportunity on the night.Integrating Modeling Languages and Web Logs for Enhanced User Behavior Analytics
@article{Bernaschina2017IntegratingML, title={Integrating Modeling Languages and Web Logs for Enhanced User Behavior Analytics}, author={Carlo Bernaschina and Marco Brambilla and Thanas Koka and Andrea Mauri and Eric Umuhoza}, journal={Proceedings of the 26th International Conference on World Wide Web Companion}, year={2017} }
While… Expand
10 Citations
ALMOsT-Trace: A Web Based Embeddable Tracing Tool for ALMOsT.js
- Computer Science
- ICWE
- 2017
Al MOsT-Trace, a plug-in for ALMOsT.js, which allows developers to debug and analyze their model transformations from within their applications, is demonstrated. Expand
Automated Model-Based Test Case Generation for Web User Interfaces (WUI) From Interaction Flow Modeling Language (IFML) Models
- Computer Science
- IEEE Access
- 2019
The results have shown that the proposed approach provides test cases at the early stages of development, i.e., specification and analysis, which eventually helps in building a right product at the right time at a comparatively lower cost. Expand
Enhancing Flexibility in User Interaction Modeling by Adding Design Uncertainty to IFML
- Computer Science
- MODELS
- 2017
A model-driven approach that enables to denote design alternatives in a compact way by adopting a model for uncertainty, integrated with a model with user interaction design is proposed, which considerably reduces the costs of the user interaction optimization. Expand
An Approach to Estimate the Size of Web Application Using IFML User Interface Model
- Computer Science
- 2019 Amity International Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AICAI)
- 2019
An attempt is done at analysis level, to develop user interface model for a given case study and adapt the function point analysis for estimating the size of web application and obtain the development effort estimation. Expand
A Novel Framework to Automatically Generate IFML Models From Plain Text Requirements
- Computer Science
- IEEE Access
- 2019
A novel framework to automatically generate IFML models from textual requirements by utilizing the features of Natural Language Processing (NLP) is presented, and a sophisticated $T$ ext to IF ML (T2IF) tool is developed. Expand
Web Engineering: 20th International Conference, ICWE 2020, Helsinki, Finland, June 9–12, 2020, Proceedings
- Computer Science
- ICWE
- 2020
An automated approach for testing these dynamic web applications, where a combination of dynamic crawling and back-end testing is used to automatically detect RWD bugs is presented. Expand
User Behavior Identification and Personalized Recommendation Based on Web Data Mining
- International Journal of Circuits, Systems and Signal Processing
- 2021
A good understanding of user behavior and consumption preferences can provide support for website operators to improve their service quality. However, the existing personalized recommendation systems… Expand
A Systematic Literature Review on Interaction Flow Modeling Language (IFML)
- Computer Science
- ICMSS 2018
- 2018
It has been concluded that IFML certainly simplifies the design and implementation of front-end interfaces, however, the existing IFML tools are not mature enough to be utilized for complex and large software applications. Expand
Cognifying Model-Driven Software Engineering
- Computer Science
- STAF Workshops
- 2017
This vision paper argues that the cognification of MDSE has the potential to reverse the limited adoption of Model-Driven Software Engineering and discusses the opportunities and challenges of cognifying MDSE tasks. Expand
Generation of Realistic Navigation Paths for Web Site Testing Using Recurrent Neural Networks and Generative Adversarial Neural Networks
- Computer Science
- ICWE
- 2020
The application of deep learning techniques, like recurrent neural networks and generative adversarial neural networks, aimed at generating high-quality weblogs are proposed, which can be used for automated testing and improvement of Web sites even before their release. Expand
References
SHOWING 1-10 OF 21 REFERENCES
Interaction Flow Modeling Language: Model-Driven UI Engineering of Web and Mobile Apps with IFML
- Computer Science
- 2014
This book introduces the reader to the novel OMG standard Interaction Flow Modeling Language (IFML) and explains the main concepts of the language step-by-step, with many practical examples and an end-to-end case example. Expand
Extending the Interaction Flow Modeling Language (IFML) for Model Driven Development of Mobile Applications Front End
- Computer Science
- MobiWIS
- 2014
This paper proposes an extension of the Interaction Flow Modeling Language tailored to mobile applications and describes the implementation experience that comprises the development of automatic code generators for cross-platform mobile applications based on HTML5, CSS and JavaScript optimized for the Apache Cordova framework. Expand
Google Analytics
- Computer Science
- 2006
This Short Cut provides a thorough description of how the Google Analytics system works, information about many different types of implementations, and ways to avoid common pitfalls. Expand
Model Driven Development Approaches for Mobile Applications: A Survey
- Computer Science
- MobiWIS
- 2016
A set of criteria to assess the current model driven approaches to mobile apps development is defined according to the defined classification schema and the current trends and challenges in this field are presented. Expand
User Requirements Notation: The First Ten Years, The Next Ten Years (Invited Paper)
- Computer Science
- J. Softw.
- 2011
A shift from a more conventional use of URN for telecommunications and reactive systems to business process management and aspect-oriented modeling, with relevant extensions to the language being proposed is observed. Expand
Mining metrics for understanding metamodel characteristics
- Engineering, Computer Science
- MiSE 2014
- 2014
A number of metrics are used to quantify and measure metamodels and cross-link different aspects in order to provide additional information about how meetamodel characteristics are related. Expand
Automatic code generation for cross-platform, multi-device mobile apps: some reflections from an industrial experience
- Computer Science
- MobileDeLi
- 2015
The results of a research study conducted to find the best strategy for WebRatio, a software development company, interested in producing a MDD tool for designing and developing mobile apps to enter the mobile apps market are presented. Expand
DSL Engineering - Designing, Implementing and Using Domain-Specific Languages
- Computer Science
- 2013
This book shows the new habit that, actually it's a very old habit to do that can make your life more qualified and change your habit to hang or waste the time to only chat with your friends. Expand
Towards the compositional verification of real-time UML designs
- Computer Science
- ESEC/FSE-11
- 2003
This work provides a domain specific formal semantic definition for a subset of the UML 2.0 component model and an integrated sequence of design steps which prescribe how to compose complex software systems from domain-specific patterns which model a particular part of the system behavior in a well-defined context. Expand
Towards Systematic Model Assessment
- Computer Science
- ER
- 2005
The approach provides a meta model framework for domain specific and tool–independent quality assessment in heterogeneous model landscapes and provides the concepts of queries, checks and views defined on meta model level and interpreted over the whole model landscape. ExpandCoronavirus Update and Resources
The University System of Georgia (USG) has decided that all 26 institutions will move to online instruction for all courses for the remainder of the semester. This action comes following last week’s decision to suspend instruction for two weeks to ensure business and instructional continuity, and to allow further state assessment of COVID-19.Depression & Other Sleep Apnea Related Conditions in Men
Physicians agree that sleep disorders, such as sleep apnea, and certain health issues are closely linked. If you are a man, there are specific health issues that you'll need to watch closely. Men experiencing sleep disorders have unique health needs. The most research indicates links between conditions such as sleep apnea and heart problems, testosterone production and depression. The latest men’s health research, released in 2015, shows new links between sleep disorders and serious medical conditions.
The Link Between Sleep Apnea and Depression in Men
Though depression itself is more common in women, it poses a very real men’s health issue. Particularly among men, sleep apnea is linked with depression. It's a mental health concern that shouldn't be ignored and often leads to a diminished quality of life, along with a wide array of related health conditions.
Depression often goes undiagnosed and untreated in men, and this can lead to more serious problems, including worsening of depression symptoms.
A new Australian study reveals that obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) may be a significant risk factor for depression in men. Obstructive sleep apnea causes airways to be blocked briefly during sleep, causing decreased oxygen levels and disrupted sleep.
This study, presented by the American Thoracic Society International Conference, concluded that men with OSA and excessive daytime sleepiness are four to five times more likely to suffer from depression, compared to men with normal sleep patterns.
Taking into account other potential risk factors, this study confirmed that there is indeed a strong relationship between OSA and depression in men. The study suggested that men with OSA should be screened for depression.
If you think that you may be experiencing depression due to sleep apnea, or if you have not been diagnosed and think you are at risk, contact one of our Board Certified eos sleep physicians to discuss diagnosis and treatment options so that you can start sleeping and living better.
Other Health Concerns Related to Sleep Apnea
Researchers recognize the link to sleep apnea and significant health concerns, for both men and women, for some time. Heart problems, high blood pressure, diabetes and increased risk of stroke are all linked to untreated sleep apnea. There are however, additional health concerns that are specific to men.
OSA has been tied to male-specific hormonal issues such as decreased testosterone production. These hormonal imbalances can lead to a host of serious side effects. Addressing the symptoms, rather than the condition that caused it, can lead to further health issues.
Treatments like testosterone therapy have been linked to serious health concerns like enlarged prostates and even prostate cancer. Treating the sleep apnea, rather than embarking on testosterone therapy, has been shown to be the more effective option.
Testosterone issues are not the only concern for men with sleep apnea. Before the age of 45, high blood pressure is more likely to be experienced by men rather than women. The links between sleep apnea and high blood pressure and other related conditions are well established. Uncontrolled high blood pressure can lead to heart disease, the leading cause of death in America.
Sleep apnea affects both men and women, but it is far more common in men. Snoring and lack of sleep can be annoying, but, more importantly, they can greatly impact your overall health.
If you experience snoring and think that you may have sleep apnea, take our Berlin quiz to assess your risk. There is no reason to live with the risk and diverse treatment options are now available.
To set up an appointment to speak to a board certified eos sleep physician, contact us today. You’ll soon be on your way to better sleep, and better health.
Take the Berlin Quiz to assess your risk
In The Media
>>IMAGE. “They were all in a friend group … He wasn’t a stranger.”
The model, 26, and the producer tied the knot at a courthouse in New York City, on Friday, February 23. Social media celebrity Josh “The Fat Jew” Ostrovsky was among the small group of friends who were at city hall for the couple’s wedding. “He has been best friends with The Fat Jew for years, too,” the source added.
The We Are Your Friends actress first announced the news that she was married on her Instagram Story with a series of photos from the intimate ceremony, writing: “Soooo I have a surprise. I got married today.” Ratajkowski wore a chic ‘70s-inspired orange $200 pantsuit from Zara and a black wide-brimmed hat and a black veil to the ceremony, while Bear-McClard wore a light blue blazer over a black T-shirt.
Other celebrities reacted to the surprise nuptials on social media and Chrissy Teigen even expressed disappointment at not being invited. “I’m oddly mad I wasn’t invited to @emrata’s wedding even though we barely speak,” the 32-year-old Lip Sync Battle host tweeted. “Like, I like all your photos and leave flames on some.” Ratajkowski teased back to Teigen, writing, “You would’ve looked great in a suit at city hall.”
The wedding news came just weeks after it was reported that the model and her boyfriend of three years, music producer Jeff Magid, were no longer living together..
For access to all our exclusive celebrity videos and interviews – Subscribe on YouTube!It’s nearly time to say goodbye to 2018. But before we do, we want to say a massive THANK YOU to every single individual who has been part of our season.
Whether you were on the stage, behind the scenes, out the front of the house, in the audience, interacting with us online, or a parent / partner / friend of our Prima family helping them to be part of the magic – we say a huge and heartfelt THANKS.
It’s been a huge year for us, starting out with Unforgettable, then on to Carrie, our Millennium Theatre Restaurant and culminating in Shrek The Musical. And somewhere in there we managed to squeeze in a few trivia nights as well as our very first Open Mic Night.
It takes an army of dedicated and incredibly talented people to make magic happen on stage, and we’re very proud knowing we have some of the absolute best!
Thank you to each and every person who has been part of Prima’s 2018. We wish you a wonderful festive season & can’t wait to see you again in 2019!A year of innovation in international money transfers
The past year has seen a wealth of innovation in the international money transfer space. Forward thinking currency businesses are using technology in a very impressive way to democratize a tired and opaque space, largely dominated by high street banks who tend to offer high margins and a poor customer experience.
Daniel Abrahams, Co-Founder of award winning comparison website MyCurrencyTransfer takes us through an eventful year in the international payment space.
Peer to peer foreign exchange
Investment backed Transferwise and CurrencyFair are two examples of how p2p (peer to peer) is helping to shape a more transparent & democratized international payment market. The concept is simple, yet incredibly powerful. Customer A who has pounds but needs dollars is matched on the tech platform with Customer B who has dollars but needs pounds. Think ‘‘online dating agency’’ for international money transfers. Where customers can’t be matched up immediately, there is no delay as you simply match with the foreign exchange company.
Technology orientated
Technology orientated firms are helping to rebuild transparency in the currency exchange market. The Currency Cloud have emerged as a powerful player, enabling financial service and e-commerce firms build an international payment business. The firm champions transparency and introduces a concept I have been backing for a while: displaying both the customer rate & mid-market exchange rate on deal notifications. The FX automation platform built by a leading team of engineers and developers are helping to reduce the cost of cross-border transfers.
Non-bank foreign exchange companies
For those making large value transfers, non-bank foreign exchange companies continue to offer better-than-bank exchange rates and a ‘private banking’ style service accessible to the everyday man and SME. Some of the world’s largest currency brokers like Moneycorp and World First continue to build a vast array of innovative currency contracts & options to mitigate against the risk of adverse currency fluctuations. Recently, World First announced they executed the world’s fastest foreign exchange payment, transferring GBP to EUR in little under 7 minutes. Impressive.
Aggregators
In the past year, aggregator sites have played a key role in helping customers access a fairer, cheaper & more transparent currency deal. Customers who have previous comfort in comparing mainstream products like car insurance, are now using websites to compare money transfer offers. Our independent research has showed over 30% of UK SME’s have direct accounts with more than one non-bank foreign exchange specialist. Individuals and businesses are shopping around and forward thinking aggregators will continue to play a key role in creating a powerful & dynamic venue for currency comparison. Almost unanimously, foreign exchange companies are now embracing aggregators as a strong channel for new customer acquisition.
Social money transfers
It was only a matter of time before currency specialists tapped into some of the world’s leading social networks. Azimo have impressively been busy building Facebook integration into their international money transfer service. At the turn of the year, the company was reported to have raised an angel round of £300,000. The company claims their use of Facebook is the first attempt at trying to do so in the remittance space.
About the author: Daniel Abrahams is the Co-Founder of MyCurrencyTransfer, an award winning independent foreign exchange comparisonYour shopping cart is currently empty, please browse our inventory by selecting one of the product categories.
Custom Security Sign - 18x12
Proof Will Be Sent Within 1 Business Day After Placing Your Order.
Add Weather & Graffiti Protection (POF)--Only $4.95!
Add Weather & Graffiti Protection (POF)--Only $4.95!
SKU:CUS-1078
Price: $49.90
SKU:CUS-1078
Price: $44.95
Combine Your Purchase With
9 Total Upsell ProductsMachine Models | Timesavers, LLC
Machine Models. Catalog. ... using a reciprocating bed, high horsepower, and manufactured in The Netherlands. This machine uses wide belt coated abrasives to hold very tight... Learn More. MANUAL GRINDER | DRY. A versatile machine with vacuum hold down, and a rotatable head to swap between heavy grinding and edge rounding/deburring. Ideal for ...Get Price
Finally we are back at the US Naval Academy after a 14 month pandemic-hiatus! And what a wedding to welcome guests back to the USNA! Veronica and Ryan had a colossal wedding celebration. The day started off at Veronica’s parents home, where the girls got dressed and perfected. These ladies were the epitome of beauty, with their shades of blue dresses and bold colored bouquets. When it was time to head to the US Naval Academy Chapel, a Rolls Royce arrived, to ferry mom and Veronica to the chapel.
It was an unusually chilly day for late May and the rain was coming down hard. Mom and dad helped their gorgeous daughter out of the Rolls Royce and walked arm-in-arm into the chapel. Dad looked over at his little girl with love and pride, took her hand and proceeded down the blue-carpeted aisle. The tall stained glass window at the alter and windowed-dome lit the chapel with magic light. Veronica’s dad gave her a great big hug and then handed her over to her husband-to-be, Ryan.
The ceremony was all love and smiles. Rings were exchanged and a kiss sealed the marriage. Ryan and Veronica were husband and wife! Down the aisle they walked to the cheers of their guests, outside to the front of the chapel and through the Naval Sword Arch. The guests waited outside in the rain, like paparazzi, to cheer once more for this newlywed couple.
Veronica and Ryan loaded into the Rolls Royce to head over to the reception location, the William Paca House and Gardens. The decor was colorful and lively with a Mexican flair. Then suddenly, the sounds of a Mariachi Band was heard coming towards us! Amazing! What a delight to have a live band walking through the reception area. Many guests and our wedding party couldn’t resist the urge to get up and dance.
What a party! Toasts in honor of Veronica and Ryan, couples dancing, wild dancing and a cake cutting with a sword… then… then… a New Orleans style parade, yes a parade! It may have been cold and raining, but that didn’t stop this wedding day fun.
Veronica and Ryan grabbed their umbrellas and marched out into the streets of downtown Annapolis with The Naptown Brass Band in tow. Through the streets they went, all the way to the Fleet club on Ego Alley. This was a Second Line Parade, which has a deep, rich history in New Orleans. When it’s performed during weddings it celebrates a new life for the couple. This wedding sure did celebrate new life; new life for weddings, new life for Annapolis and a new life going forward in 2021.
A little background info from our &Vendors:
William Paca House and Gardens
Fleet Reserve Club Annapolis
Second Line Parade Band: The Naptown Brass Band
Mariachi Band: Mariachi El Rey
Beverages/Liquor: Mills Fine Wine & Spirits
Catering: The Palate Pleasers
Macaron tower: Sweet Hearts Patisserie
Wedding Cake: Queen Bea Bake Shop
Flowers: Hill Crest Flower FarmWhen H. Lou Tofte retired in 2006 after working at the Minnesota Legislature for 30 years, there were two questions on the lips of friends and observers: What’s Linda going to do without her-and will Lou will really stay retired?
“Linda” is State Sen. Linda Berglin, the Minnesota Senate’s stalwart champion of reproductive choice and Minnesota Care. For nearly 30 years, Tofte was Berglin’s assistant. Tofte retired to make sure her husband, George, got the hospice care at home he needed-not an easy task given the often round-the-clock hours she kept at the Capitol. “Linda takes on more than she can do and does it, and I do, too,” Tofte admitted.
The difficulties of blocking anti-choice legislation from getting a hearing and helping protect MinnesotaCare from complete decimation in the face of Republican budget cuts may seem like huge challenges to some, but Tofte is used to challenges, to put it mildly. Abuse and grinding poverty have been facts of her life. Her father’s rage and her mother’s mental illness, the lingering illness and death of her husband (the love of her life) have taken their toll-or have they? Lou Tofte is not the kind of person to dwell on the negatives. There’s just too much to do to focus on the past, be it good or bad.
Interpreting the world
“I felt like my reason for being was to interpret the world for my parents,” said Tofte, who was born Helen Lou Dubey. The only child of deaf parents, “I remember at age 3, standing between my father and his boss, interpreting. My father was swearing; I told Mr. Fee, ‘He’s very angry.’ My father had a volatile temperament, he was always losing jobs because it was always a storm around him.”
As a young child Tofte lived with her parents at a small resort near Faribault, where her father was the general handyman. “He had such a terrible temper that we were nearly thrown out several times, but Mr. Fee would look at my mother and me and change his mind,” Tofte said.
Two other memories stand out from that time. One is the time her father’s pet German Shepherds escaped from their pen and attacked her; she was 3 at the time. “He insisted on having these dogs, and they dug under the fence and escaped. I was screaming but my mother, who was very close, of course couldn’t hear me. They tore off part of my ear,” she recalled.
Though she is able to talk about the dog attack easily, the next memory is a hard one for her. “My father was very abusive,” she said with difficulty. “When I was 3, he pushed my mother down the stairs. She was pregnant with my baby brother,” Tofte’s voice broke as she recalled “She lost the baby, he was full-term.”
Living with mental illness
After the baby died, Tofte and her mother went to live with Tofte’s maternal grandmother in Minneapolis. Their life changed dramatically. Her mother had a nervous breakdown, the first of many mental health problems that would define the rest of her life. “Later on she developed a type of schizophrenia,” Tofte said. When she was well enough, Tofte’s mother worked nights at Taystee bread. “My mother shoveled bread into the ovens, and she could keep up with any man,” she recalled. “They paid her almost as much as a man.” Tofte’s mother was in and out of hospitals. One time, naked, she climbed on the roof and threw all of Tofte’s clothes out. Another time, she took four or five babies from neighbors’ homes.
Tofte’s father was not out of her life. Once he pushed her through a plate glass window. He refused to pay child support unless Tofte visited him, and kidnapped her several times. “He would come to the playground or the school and they would just turn me over, I was a child, he was my father,” she remembered. She was terrified and hid from him. When she still was not home by 10 one night, Tofte’s grandmother came looking for her and found her in a wastebasket at school, her coat over her head. She was 7 or 8 at the time.
Tofte said she survived her childhood by “Dividing up my life … not necessarily talking about [what happened at home]. I lived separate lives here and there. In the neighborhood, children weren’t allowed to play with me because my mother was crazy. I had friends at Sunday School who didn’t know this. I grew up with lots of shame.”
Single motherhood
After high school, Tofte worked a number of office jobs; she was Curt Carlson’s secretary at Gold Bond Stamp Company but her favorite job was traveling with the circus as part of a sleight-of-hand act with the Palace of Legerdemain. “I did that for the summer, and it was enough to pay the rent till Christmas,” she recalled.
She was 20 when she married her first husband, Earl Beaudry. “He was good-looking and didn’t say much,” Tofte recalled. He was also unreliable, given to spending the rent and food money on other things. Tofte left him when their son, Tim, was a month old; their older son, Wes, was 18 months old. “I ran out of groceries and went to the welfare office,” Tofte said. “It was a Friday, and I didn’t realize they wouldn’t give us groceries right away. My mother was in Anoka [Hospital], there were no food shelves back then. It was two or three miles home, and we were walking in deep snow. Wes couldn’t walk anymore, and so I was carrying him too and starting to cry. A cab pulled up and the driver said, ‘Lady, do you want a ride?’ I told him I didn’t have any money, he said to get in.”
Back at home, Tofte bundled herself and the kids up. “Each apartment had its own oil heater, and I didn’t have money for the oil,” she recalled. “I went scrounging in the garbage cans, looking for food. One had some pretty good food, and I cooked it to death and we ate it,”
The experience of being poor with young children radicalized Tofte. “I had been a Pentecostal, pro-life Christian … and then I saw what it was like for children to be unwanted. One mother in the apartment building didn’t like one of her kids, she kept locking him in the broom closet in the hall and I kept letting him out. He was a little tiny kid.” And there was the woman who unexpectedly came to Tofte’s aid: “This woman caught me scrounging in her garbage can, and she brought me a full bag of groceries. She was a prostitute, and she changed my opinion of people. My feelings about abortion, poor people, birth control, judging people … it all started to change.”
Tofte remarried and had three more children, but her husband was abusive and the marriage didn’t last. She raised her five children on her own. She took in sewing and worked at the American Red Cross, a job that paid so poorly that she qualified for food stamps. She lived in a big house with her kids, in a poor neighborhood where it wasn’t unusual to find alcoholics sleeping it off in their front yard. Instead of calling the police or sending them on their way, Tofte sent her kids out with breakfast for them-pancakes, bacon and eggs.
It was during this time that Tofte met Linda Berglin. Both were involved in an ecumenical group formed through four south Minneapolis churches. Berglin hadn’t yet been elected to the Legislature; Tofte remembers her as “long-haired, wearing long skirts, barefoot and very pretty. … When she got elected, I went to her and asked her if she knew of any jobs available.” Berglin talked her into applying at the Legislature. She was Berglin’s secretary in the House, and the two began a long relationship that is like family. Tofte, whose desk was legendarily overflowing onto the floor, kept Berglin organized, met with constituents, tracked legislation and did just about everything that needed doing.
She also made sure that her own kids got what they needed. Her middle son, Cal, was studying Mandarin Chinese at Central High School, and the class was going to make a trip to China. It would cost $3,000 that Tofte didn’t have. At the time, she was working 40 hours a week at the Minnesota House “Four 10-hour days,” she recalled, “And working 10 hours a day each Friday and Saturday at Rush’s [bridal salon].” Money was tight, and she also took in upholstery. But she wanted Cal to go to China with his class. And Tofte is the living embodiment of the phrase, “Where there’s a will, there’s a way.”
“He was so afraid to go anywhere, he needed to see that the world wasn’t so frightening,” Tofte said. She cooked up a scheme to get the money. She borrowed $100 from 30 people, plotting out on a chart each of the next 30 months; people could sign up for the month when they wanted to be paid back. Cal went to China, and Tofte never missed a payment.
George
Her kids were mostly grown when Tofte met the love of her life. George Tofte was a graphic artist and after a long relationship that began when she invited him to her house for Thanksgiving dinner and he brought his then-girlfriend (“I liked her too,” Tofte recalled). They were married in Tofte’s backyard in 1992.
When George Tofte’s health deteriorated, Tofte was determined to keep him at home. Unable to find reliable care, in 2006 she left her job with Berglin for good. George died later that year. Age and the years of hard work had taken their toll on Tofte. At 70, she decided to retire. “I wrote Linda a letter so I wouldn’t have to argue about it,” Tofte said wryly.
Future plans
Though she no longer spends every day (and night) at the Capitol, Tofte is plenty busy. She still takes in international students as roomers, something she’s done for years (she says the students from Russia, China, Sri Lanka, Saudi Arabia, Japan and elsewhere are “way more interesting than the Americans.”) She is sorting through years of Berglin records and trying to straighten out “the wretched constituent database.” She is getting ready to parent a 14-year-old Native American girl whose parents want her to leave the reservation where they live because the man who raped her is being released from prison; she’ll live with Tofte instead. She’s hoping to finish writing the novel George was working on when he died.
There are some signs she’s taking life a little easier. Tofte enjoys sitting in her sunny kitchen, watching TV. She’s going to Mexico for three weeks this spring, a gift from her children and stepchildren. She talks about taking a car trip around the U.S.
“How’s my health? Well, compared to other old bats, I’m doing good,” she said, “I’m like a gerbil running everywhere, up and down the stairs.” She’s not given to philosophizing-she’s too busy, too practical for that-but she believes “You should never leave anybody in worse shape then you’ve found them,” and “If you can’t return to someone what they’ve given to you, give to someone else.”
Tofte plans to spend more time with her three local grandchildren (only one of her children lives in the Twin Cities; the others are on the west coast and in Alaska), and she hopes to clear out her porch and garage of Berglin boxes. She keeps up with many, many friends. In other words, she has a full life. When she looks back, does she wish anything had been different?
“Regrets? I’ve kind of given up on them,” she said.Manchester United expert tells Hammers News that Jesse Lingard to West Ham in January could be very much on in order to avoid a PR disaster.
Another week, another round of frenzied speculation linking Lingard with a return to West Ham.
This time feels different, though. Sparked by the Man United bench-warmer himself.
Lingard posted a picture of himself celebrating during his time at West Ham on the day Sky Sports reported talks over a new Red Devils contract had collapsed. He also commented on a West Ham post about a goal he scored to which Declan Rice responded.
Hammers fans are convinced Lingard is on his way back to the London Stadium in January.
But as pointed out by Hammers News, there are surely big question marks over whether Man United would allow him to join West Ham.
After all David Moyes’s side are a direct rival for a Champions League place and currently six points ahead of Man United in the table.
Since then Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has been sacked at Old Trafford which could threaten to change the landscape too.
Exclusive: Manchester United expert says Jesse Lingard to West Ham could be very much on to avoid PR disaster
But Manchester United expert and United in Focus writer Dan Coombs has exclusively explained to Hammers News why Lingard to West Ham in January could be very much on.
“I would imagine another loan is out of the question to West Ham, given the league position and the contract situation,” Coombs told Hammers News.
“When it comes to selling, I think we will take what we can get. United should be trying to do right by him.
“The reason why it could happen, is Lingard has been with us eight-nine years, he’s given us an awful lot, and we should let him make the move he wants, providing the price is reasonable – £10-15m should do it.
‘Stop it becoming more of a PR disaster, we haven’t treated him well recently’
“Let him carry on with his career elsewhere, give him the move of his choice and stop it becoming more of a PR disaster. If that’s West Ham, then fair enough.
“We have been a bit petty with denying (Marcos) Rojo a move to Everton once, for similar reasons, but Lingard has more credit. Rojo had only been at the club for two years.
“Lingard has given so much more, and to be fair, we haven’t treated him well recently.
“Bear in mind, this is all subject to what a new manager may want to do. Can he be talked around over the next month? I do think it is time to move on, and Lingard probably shouldn’t get suckered in again.
“I think the chance to leave as a free agent appeals to him – but United’s board should not pass up a chance to make some money, considering how they messed up an opportunity to do so in the summer.”We often become too busy to remember the simple things that make life really great, and that we typically need to be our happiest.
The people that surround us are a very important part of our well-being, and it’s important to show them that! Read on for ways to show people how much you care!
1. A SIMPLE HELLO
One of the easiest ways to show people how much you care is to send a simple hello! It’s so easy to send a quick “hi” with our phones, email or other online tools. We have no excuse! Take a funny snapshot, send a joke or ask about how their day is going. Your message may get to someone at just the right time, when they need it most!
2. HANDWRITTEN ANYTHING
We’re so digital that anything handwritten seems out-of-date. Sometimes, handwritten cards, letters or notes are super special, though. Drop someone a handwritten note or card — doodles included — and watch their smile spread as they get a wave of memory. You may even feel like a kid again! Address and post your note with an envelope to send via snail mail for an even better surprise.
3. LITTLE SURPRISES
If you’re about to meet a friend and see their favorite candy bar in the checkout line on sale, grab it! Little surprises here and there for those that you love are a great way to show that you’re always thinking about them. Don’t go overboard or over-spend, but splurge when you have the extra few dollars. It’s a great way to show people that you remember what they like, and remember them!
4. BEING SUPPORTIVE
Listening, giving our full attention and being supportive are some of the most meaningful ways to show someone you care. Giving someone your ear wholeheartedly — so that you can give them sound advice, if they ask — understanding their point-of-view and sharing in a part of their hardship really shows how much you care. If a friend is having a rough couple of weeks, be sure to check in on them every couple of days. They’ll remember your thoughtfulness — even when everything is solved!
5. BEING HELPFUL
It’s so easy to forget to be helpful around friends! We become so comfortable around people that we miss out on opportunities to show our generosity. Make sure to always offer up help when you’re friend is stressed, or even when you’re just hanging out at their house. Don’t leave a mess! Be as helpful to a good friend as you’d be to a new acquaintance.
6. REMEMBERING
People notice when you remember certain things about them or their lives. Remember your friends’ birthdays, special days and which flavor of birthday cake is their favorite! You can’t remember everything, but remembering the small stuff can go a long way as well. Did they tell you about a daunting presentation at work? Ask how it went some time that week!
7. PLANNING AHEAD
It’s so easy to just make last-minute plans all the time, but scheduling something ahead with someone shows them you care (especially parents or family members!) Call before your week’s plans are set, and ask if they have time during the week! You’ll feel great having scheduled important, meaningful time, and will make those around you feel great, too!
It’s a lot of fun to show people how much you care. Give these suggestions a try, and see if life seems brighter! What other great ways do you show people how much you care?
Love this post?
Read alsoUse our golf course guide and golf course reviews, written by real golfers, to get information on golf courses throughout the world. Write your own golf course reviews for golf courses you have played and share your experiences.
Your browser does not support JavaScript or it is deactivated.
As the whole world gets used to sharing their views across the internet, our golf course reviews are allowing golfers from all over the world to gauge the opinions of other members before making a choice as to which golf course to play next.
There are many golf websites that are dedicated to providing golfers with a golf course guide but the difference with the golf club reviews written by our TSG members is that they are like minded.
Our golf course directory includes over 20K golf clubs and we now have over 5K+ Golf Club Reviews. The Golf Course directory is constantly being updated and we are always adding new course to the TSG golf course guide.
Ever month we chose the best written golf club reviews and share it with all the readers of the TSG monthly newsletter, sent to approx. 5k+ golfers every month.
Finally, the social golfer Golf Course directory is the exclusive property of The Social Golfer Limited and we would ask you to read the T&C’s on our site footer before copying any of this information.
Official Travel Partner:
Official Media Partner:
Golf Offers Partner:
All Content Copyright ©
2021
The Social Golfer LtdPlease forward to anyone who may be interested in this position. This position is also listed in U-M jobs site ( ) under posting #30698.
### Scholarly Publishing Office University of Michigan University Library Interface Programmer The Scholarly Publishing Office (SPO) of the University of Michigan University Library is seeking an Interface Programmer for a full-time two-year term appointment with the possibility of renewal. The SPO Interface Programmer works in a team environment for online publishing of scholarly literature and is primarily responsible for implementing interfaces for a broad variety of scholarly publications, making contributions to interface design and usability testing, using open standards and open-source software. The Interface Programmer will also contribute to the design and development of online publishing tools, including content management systems. Work will primarily focus on coding publication-specific interface customizations for SPO's locally developed publishing platform, DLXS (see). Other projects may include: system-wide improvements to the DLXS interface; implementation of content management system for digitalculturebooks (an online book series); interface support for collaborative publishing projects with the University of Michigan Press; interface specification for a database of 20 disciplinarily related journals; assessment and implementation of strategies to increase the discoverability of SPO publications; participation in a review of electronic publishing platforms. DUTIES: * Implement interface customizations for DLXS publications, fulfilling requests by the editors (40%) * Maintain and develop CMS-based publishing tools and services (35%) * Evaluate, recommend, and implement DLXS-wide interface improvements (15%) * Assist in research and evaluation of publishing software solutions (5%) * Document interface features for end users and other digital library developers (5%) QUALIFICATIONS: REQUIRED: Bachelor's degree plus three years of relevant experience as a programmer, plus one year of experience with Web or other interface design. Thorough knowledge of XHTML, XML, CSS, and at least one high-level programming language (Perl or PHP preferred), and experience with UNIX-like OS. Excellent written and oral skills. Ability to work in a team environment. Attention to detail. DESIRED: Experience with XSLT. Experience in graphic design for electronic media. Knowledge of and experience with digital libraries or electronic publishing. Proficiency with content management system development and design (particularly Drupal). Experience with relational databases and SQL. Experience using online scholarly resources. Experience with theory and practice of usability testing and information architecture. ALA-accredited masters degree in library or information studies or equivalent advanced degree and experience. ABOUT SPO: The services of SPO are part of the Library's service to the University of Michigan, and are developed in keeping with the Library's concern about issues of intellectual property, long-term retention and archiving of content, and its support of scholarship in all forms. SPO is currently responsible for the online publication of a range of scholarly literature, including significant text-based journal collections, scholarly monographs, conference proceedings, scholarly bibliographies, and image collections. SPO is a highly collaborative work environment in which staff engage in both the daily work of publishing and in broader discussions of scholarly communication and the transformational potential of digital communication technology. All staff are involved in direction-setting, in articulating a vision of the library as scholarly publisher, and in putting that vision into practice. We have an inclination toward open source software and balanced, pragmatic approaches to problems. We work to embrace emerging technology standards and best practices of the digital library community. Rank is anticipated at the level of Programmer Analyst Intermediate, or Assistant or Associate Librarian. Positions receive 24 days of vacation a year; 15 days of sick leave a year with provisions for extended benefits, as well as opportunities for travel and professional development. Retirement: TIAA-CREF or Fidelity Investments To apply, please send cover letter and copy of resume to: Library Human Resources 404 Hatcher Library North University of Michigan Ann Arbor, MI 48109-1205 Contact libhum...@umich.edu or 734-764-2546 for further informationEar Plugs
Alpine PartyPlug Pro Earplugs
NZ$55.00
Product specifications:
- Conversations can still be heard Perfect fit because of soft AlpineThermoShape™ material
- Alpine Minibox to take your earplugs anywhere and anytime Hardly visible in the ear Reusable
- No silicone
- Winner Red Dot Award
Alpine SleepSoft Earplugs
NZ$32.00
- Easy removing the earplugs with Minigrip
- Absorbs ambient (snoring) sounds (30 dB)
- Very comfortable due to soft material
With extremely soft filters, especially designed for (side) sleepers Handy and compact storage box Minigrip. This handy grip makes removing the earplugs even easier. With Alpine Cleaner to easily clean the earplugs. Can be worn all night Also suitable for apnea, snoring during pregnancy. These earplugs are silicone-free and reusable.
Alpine MotoSafe Pro Earplugs
NZ$55.00
Unique product specifications:
- The only motorcycle earplugs with soft filters
- Very comfortable under the helmet Perfect fit thanks to AlpineThermoShape™ material
- Soft, silicone-free material
- With free luxury pouch and Alpine Clean cleaning spray (5 ml)
- No feeling of being cut off ReusableThe headline on the front page of today’s San Jose Mercury declares Hillary Clinton the winner in California on Super Tuesday. The headline on the local section of today’s San Jose Mercury declares the city of San Jose and San Jose police department as winner’s of the downtown Fat Tuesday Mardis Gras celebration. And that’s because it was a relatively quiet Fat Tuesday in downtown San Jose, at least compared to past Mardis Gras celebrations. There was an impressive police presence throughout downtown San Jose last night with police cars found on virtually every corner and groups of officers streaming about on foot, bike, and horseback. There were the occasional handful of partygoers walking the streets or congregating at intersections but for the most part, it was a low key night in downtown San Jose. This leads me to the main issue of this posting: How do we get downtown San Jose to be the vibrant, thriving, downtown destination that everyone wants it to be? We want downtown San Jose to be a main hub for entertainment, dining, nightlife, and culture in Silicon Valley. We want downtown San Jose to be active and exciting for residents and visitors alike. In past years, Mardi Gras celebrations got out of hand. Fat Tuesday in downtown San Jose included public drunkeness, violence, and property damage that ensued from unruly revelers. Many will argue that these are people who come to downtown from outside areas but that’s beside the point. This year was subdued and mellow as a result of the police presence and word that unruly behavior wouldn’t be tolerated. So how do we move on from these points and move forward towards a downtown that can include a festive, fun celebration? This is not just about Mardis Gras but for any occasion, event, or holiday. Whether its Super Tuesday or Fat Tuesday, downtown San Jose needs to be a safe, inviting, friendly place for people to enjoy. The question is, how do we get there?
- Uncategorized
- Super Fat Tuesday in Downtown San Jose […]Your world looks simple but yet not yours!
Your life is full and rich, but without love is nothing.
Nothing is missing at your world and at your reach.
Yet, I see your smile and emptiness at threshold.
I see your eyes, and I see your need.
Don’t look any more! Your quest is on your hands.
For life with you, my soul sacrifices its harmony.
Let continuity of chemically insinuation take its course.
For it, I live and for you I die.
Soul, love and heart are my riches.
In it and with it, my life needs nothing but you.
The sun and the moon are the witnesses of adoration.
I want to be your drug doses, love and smiles.
Today, I’m your world!
Worlds
November 29, 2013
Your world looks simple but yet not yours!;
BIOGRAPHY
Stephen Adebusoye is a UK based Nigerian born singer, motivational speaker, actor, husband, father and business owner who believes in adding value to lives across the globe with his God given gifts and talents.
Music has been family heritage from his late father Isaac Adebusoye and little wonder both parents played a major role in his music career.
Stephen continued to hone his musical craft and kept developing over the years carving out his own unique style of music which has inspired millions worldwide irrespective of their culture or religion.
Ever since he released his debut Showers of Blessing, his music has brought light and restoration to loads of people across the globe.
Follow Stephen Adebusoye on facebook, instagram and subscribe to his youtube channel for new music and ministry updates.
Instagram:
Twitter:
YouTube Channel:How can i find the right Women's Shoes?
What kind of shoes are right for you?
So you have to ask yourself what kind of shoes do you need? What occasion do you need these shoes for? Or what activities? Do you need these shoes that are suitable for everyday and activities? So the occasion would be a condition for you.
In addition, the appearance of shoes can become a another condition for you to choose shoes; what styles and colors are the most popular shoes of the season? You can choose according to the trend of shoes.fashion trend.
At the same time, you can choose the shoes that suit you according to the function of the shoes. If you only want a pair of simple and comfortable shoes, or you only want a pair of shoes that can keep warm; you only want a pair of short-boots that protect your ankles.
Why is it important to choose a shoe that fits your feet?
Understand why safety footwear is so important, how it can help to prevent injury and maintain your foot health. First of all, shoes protect our feet from being injured. Different shoes have different functions. For example, short boots can protect your ankles from twisting. It protect your feet and prevent your feet from sprains or other unexpected situations are very important.
Dejar un comentarioThe Paavai Polytechnic College Namakkal has recently released a vacancy notification for various Posts. Paavai Polytechnic College Namakkal recruitment 2019 for posts for candidates are following. This is great opportunity for peoples waiting for jobs posts in Namakkal, Tamil Nadu. Official notification is published in official website. Candidates are advised to apply for the post on or before within 7 days of 31 march 2019. Interested and eligible candidate can learn eligibility criteria and more as given below.
Employer: Paavai Polytechnic College Namakkal
Address:Paavai Polytechnic College, NH-44, Pachal, Namakkal-637018, Tamil Nadu
Name of post: Lecturers
URL:
Contact number: NA
Job Location: Namakkal, Tamil Nadu
Salary: As per AICTE / UGC norms and additional incentives for P.hDs
Vacancies: Multiple
Department:
- Mechanical Engineering
- Civil Engineering
- Electrical and Electronics Engineering
- Electronics and Communication Engineering
- Computer Science Engineering
- Automobile Engineering
- Mathematics
- Physics
- Chemistry
Educational Qualification: See notification
Experience: Experience in teaching in residential school. Expert in subjects and knowledge of computer application.
Age Limit: NA
Application Fees: NA
Apply Mode: Postal/Email
How to Apply: Interested and Eligible candidates can apply by post on or before within 7 days from 31 march 2019, along with biodata on plain paper with all copies of documents /testimonials and originals as well.
Notification: The Hindu Classified dated 31 march 2019Aug, which works to inspire advocacy and help people from diverse backgrounds to join the bar. He also talks about the time he participated in the prosecution of Goldilocks, to as a means of teaching legal concepts in primary schools.
Max also shares some fantastic advice for anyone wanting to join the bar – to really utilise social media to immerse yourself in the profession and develop your contacts.It’s that time of year when many travel north to see the leaves in all shades of reds, yellows and oranges. It’s called “leaf peeping,” and it’s a common fall activity.
But, this year, travelers are noticing that the leaves are changing later than in previous years.
Why is that?
The answer is our change in climate.
When fall arrives and the length of the day and temperatures drop, the chlorophyll in a leaf breaks down, losing its green color and allowing the fall colors to show.
With warmer fall temperatures, it can cause the leaves to remain green longer and delay the onset of the beautiful colors.
If a specific location has a dry summer, like the heat wave in the Northern Pacific this year, it can stress the trees and miss the fall colors altogether. It can also cause what’s called “foliage scorch,” turning the leaves brown altogether.
Nationally, locations that usually see the best fall foliage have seen warming fall temperatures ranging from 1.5 degrees to 3.5 degrees, offsetting the changing of colors.
Although evergreen trees dominate much of the landscape in Florida, the foliage that does show itself usually arrives by mid-November.
Wondering which trees in Florida produce the best fall color? Here’s a list:
- Red maple
- Sugarberry
- Persimmon
- Sweetgum
- Florida maple
- Flowering dogwood
- Sorrel tree
- Sassafras
- CypressBlack Woven Chunky Slider In Regular Fit
Details
- Slip-on style
- Round toe
- Woven detailing
- Chunky sole
- Made in a faux leather fabric
- Regular fit
Fit & Fashion Notes:
These new-in sliders are the perfect way to add some style to your casual wardrobe. Made in a faux leather fabric, with woven detail strap., Completing with a chunky sole, slip-on with any look to add an on-trend style to your outfit.
Care Instructions
Explore moreRantudil retard 90 mg
Program Brochure (PDF)Interdisciplinary Mathematics Institute - from Foundations to Challenging ApplicationsYou can submit an article for the math news using the form under Faculty Resources. COVID-19Get answers to your questions, campus updates, and resources to help protect your health and the health of our campus community.
See detailsPlacement InformationOverride FAQ and FormsThe Department rantudil retard 90 mg Mathematics is home to a dynamic group of scholars who regularly share their expertise with others. Many of our events and activities are free and open to the public, and we encourage you to get involved. View the Who killed cock robin Interdisciplinary Mathematics Institute is an internationally recognized mathematics research center, fostering advanced research and creating solutions for real-world problems.
University of South Carolina Home Search University of South Carolina University of South Carolina Navigation Search sc. Choose Your Program We are home to a Ph.
Program Brochure (PDF) Spotlight Interdisciplinary Rantudil retard 90 mg Institute - from Foundations to Challenging Applications News You can submit an article for the math news using rantudil retard 90 mg form under Faculty Resources. Frank Thorne awarded NSF grant Dr. Frank Thorne is awarded a grant by the Mathematical Science Foundation. Lili Ju awarded an NSF Award Dr. We recommend you update your browser: Chrome - Firefox - Internet Explorer - Safari.
Your browser is out-of-date and has known security flaws. NU Math Rantudil retard 90 mg Members Invited to Speak at the 2022 International Congress of MathematiciansNU Math Faculty members, Xiumin Du and Aaron Brown, received prestigious invitations to speak at the 2022 International Congress of Mathematicians. Xiumin Du will speak in the Analysis Section and Aaron Brown will speak in the Dynamics Section. Something we hope you'll especially enjoy: FBA items qualify for FREE Shipping and Amazon Prime.
If you're a seller, Fulfillment by Amazon can help you grow your business. Learn more about the program. This major survey of mathematics, featuring the work of 18 outstanding Russian mathematicians and including material on both elementary and advanced levels, encompasses 20 prime subject areas in mathematics in terms of their simple origins and their subsequent sophisticated development.
It is the best answer in print to what mathematics contains both on the elementary and advanced levels. The intelligentsia of laymen who care to tackle more than today's popular magazine articles on mathematics will find many rewarding introductions to subjects of current interest.
Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) is rantudil retard 90 mg service we offer sellers hidden penis lets them store their products in Amazon's fulfillment centers, and we directly pack, ship, rantudil retard 90 mg provide customer service for these products.
Access codes and supplements are not guaranteed with used items. Nothing less than a major contribution to the scientific culture of this world. As Professor Morris Kline of New York University noted, "This unique work presents the amazing panorama of mathematics proper. It furthur examines prime numbers, the theory of probability, approximations, and the role of computers in mathematics.
Thorough, coherent explanations of each topic are further augumented by numerous illustrative figures, and every chapter concludes with a suggested reading list. Levetiracetam Extended-release Tablets (Elepsia XR)- Multum issued as a three-volume set, this mathematical masterpiece is now available in a rantudil retard 90 mg and modestly priced one-volume edition, perfect for study or reference.
An Elementary Approach to Ideas and MethodsRichard Courant4. Page 1 of 1 Start overPage 1 of 1 Previous pageThe Princeton Type blood o to MathematicsTimothy Gowers4.
Login now From the Publisher. Reprint of the three-volume work by The M. Press, Cambridge, MA, 1963. Comments From The Esteemed Professor Morris Kline of New York University "This unique work presents the amazing panorama of mathematics proper.
Rantudil retard 90 mg Acclaim for Mathematics: Its Content, Methods Efinaconazole Topical Solution (Jublia)- FDA Meaning:"In effect, these volumes present a do-it-yourself course for the person who would like to know what the chief fields of modern mathematics are all about but who does not aspire to be a professional mathematician or a professional user of mathematics. Rantudil retard 90 mg with a curious mind and some good recollection of his high school and college mathematics would not find many entrancing discoveries in the intellectual gold mine that is this work. I use this book as a supplement to the "Princeton Companion to Mathematics", a companion companion as it were, um.
If we differentiate rantudil retard 90 mg we get 2companion or "Companion Le Deaux". Contemporary Rantudil retard 90 mg Suggested ReadingCHAPTER II Rantudil retard 90 mg M. Series Suggested ReadingPART 2 CHAPTER III ANALYTIC GEOMETRY B. Lorentz Transformations Conclusion Suggested ReadingCHAPTER IV ALGEBRA: THEORY OF ALGEBRAIC EQUATIONS B. Rantudil retard 90 mg Solutions Suggested ReadingCHAPTER VII CURVES AND SURFACES A. Rantudil retard 90 mg of Approximate Rantudil retard 90 mg of Problems in the Calculus of Variations Suggested ReadingCHAPTER IX FUNCTIONS OF A COMPLEX VARIABLE M.
Conclusion Suggested ReadingPART 4 CHAPTER X PRIME NUMBERS K. Prospects for the Development and Use of Electronic Computing Machines Suggested Rantudil retard 90 mg THREE, PART 5 CHAPTER XV THEORY OF FUNCTIONS OF A REAL VARIABLE S.Further...Willowbrook Hexie Quilt Pattern
税込
21 stitchery designs in a market garden theme, make up the centres in these large hexagon flowers.
Hexagon template shape included in pattern. A pack of 288, 2 1/4" hexagon papers (enough to make the quilt), is also available: click here
Finished size of quilt is 63" x 74".Bible Commentaries
Verse 1
the LORD [Hebrew. Jehovah. spake. See note on Exodus 6:16 , and compare note on Exodus 3:7 .
Verse 2
See . Figure of speech Asterismos ( App-6 ), to call our attention to the importance of this member. I have called. Note the qualifications in T and T: "I have filled", "I have given", "I have put", &c. Compare John 3:27 . No Tubal-Cain could instruct these artificers.
Verse 3
spirit . Hebrew. ruach. App-9 . Put by Figure of speech Metonymy (of Cause) for the gifts of the Holy Spirit
God. Hebrew. Elohim. the Creator. App-4 .
and . Note the Figure of speech Polysyndeton ( App-6 ) in verses Exodus 31:3-5 , emphasising the four particulars and details.
Verse 4
devise . Note the 5 and the 7 (see App-10 ). See note on Exo 31:26 . Cunning works. Gold, silver, brass, stones, 5 7 timber. All workmanship.
Verse 6
behold. Figure of speech Asterismos ( App-6 ) for emphasis. Note also the "I "emphasised.
I have put, &c. See note on Exodus 31:2 .
Verse 7
tabernacle = tent. Hebrew. 'ohel. App-40 .
and . Note the Figure of speech Polysyndeton ( App-6 ), emphasising twelve things to be made in verses: Exodus 31:7-11 .
Verse 13
children = sons.
My sabbaths . Another special reference to this in connection with any special position in which Israel might be placed. (1) The manna, Exodus 16:0 ; (2) the giving of the law, Exodus 20:0 ; (3) the making of the Tabernacle, Exodus 31:0 .
you. Israel, not the church of God.
Verse 17
a sign : that Jehovah is our God-that Christ is LORD.
heaven and earth . One of thirteen occurrences. See note on Deuteronomy 4:26 .
refreshed . Hebrew = verbal form of nephesh ( App-13 ). Figure of speech Anthropopatheia ( App-6 ). See note on Exodus 23:12 .
Verse 18
two tables . These first tables were "the work of God" (Exodus 32:16 ; Exodus 24:12 ).
stone . Singular. The second tables were hewn by Moses (Exodus 34:1-4 , and stones in plural) Both written by God. written. See note on Exodus 17:14 .
finger . Figure of speech Anthropopatheia ( App-6 ).
These files are public domain.
Text Courtesy of BibleSupport.com. Used by Permission.
Bullinger, Ethelbert William. "Commentary on Exodus 31". "Bullinger's Companion bible Notes".
the Week of Christ the King / Proper 29 / Ordinary 34Regular price
£80.00
Sale
A silk necktie in 'Fennel Tangle' pattern.
The design is inspired from the wild fennel growing on the sand dunes in Northern Brittany, France. Fennel has long been a huge source of inspiration to me as I admire the plants strength and vigour but also its elegance and its diversity in culinary uses.
The poem, The Goblet of Life by American Poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow (1807-1882) is of great inspiration. One verse reads,"Above the lowly plants it towers,The fennel, with its yellow flowers,And in an earlier age than oursWas gifted with the wondrous powers,Lost vision to restore.It gave new strength, and fearless mood;And gladiators, fierce and rude,Mingled it in their daily food;And he who battled and subdued,A wreath of fennel wore"
Green with tiny amounts of a deep aubergine to add depth on a grey/olive background
Choice of classic 8cm (3.15 inch) or narrower 7cm (2.75 inch) blade and all standard 152 cm (60 inch) length. Self tipped and hand finished - with an unexpected colour bar tack on the reverse, in this case a deep purple.
Printed on 100% silk.
Designed, printed and stitched in Great Britain.Drummer Makaya McCraven, The 'Beat Scientist,' Talks About His New Album."
Birds were singing on his mom's porch in the woods of Western Massachusetts when he connected for the interview. McCraven grew up there and also all over, living an international life. He was born in Paris to two artists: his dad, an American drummer, and his mom, a Hungarian singer. Giants of jazz were household names.
"Archie Shepp, Marion Brown, being around guys like Yusef Lateef," he remembers. "So those are my memories: being at gigs, being at concerts, backstage at a venue, smoky places, stowed away. My kids get similar [experiences] these days."
In 2018, Makaya McCraven released Universal Beings, a widely acclaimed double album. Now, a new documentary of the same name shows how he made it and he's gone back through the old material from that record to put out another album: Universal Beings E&F Sides.
NPR's David Greene spoke with Makaya McCraven about how he created a new album out of old recordings, the relationship between live and recorded music and his thoughts on the word "jazz." Listen in the audio player above and read on for a transcript of their conversation.
This interview has been edited for length and clarity.
David Greene: I want to talk about the way you make albums. For instance, on "Half Steppin' " a track from your new album Universal Beings E&F Sides, people may not realize this is a mixture of live recordings and studio work. What's happening here?
Makaya McCraven: I just took lots of bits and pieces from a particular kind of jam, so to speak, and then layered some drums. I changed the pitch of stuff, and then I do some overdubbing as well. So it's kind of like a collage of what happened live in the moment in that space.
It's kind of like a collage of what happened live in the moment in that space.. And I think that's kind of a magical space of the recorded platform, is that you can do so many things. Les Paul was creating tape loops; the Beatles were doing all sorts of creative ways of mixing things down and playing stuff backwards. And what can we do now to create sounds that never existed in the natural world — or repeat time?
As a kid, I remember, my dad liked action films and he'd have his buddies over and they'd watch a car chase. The car blows up and it rolls and everybody'd be like, "Whoa!"
"Gotta see that, again!"
"Turn it back," you know? What I am looking for are magical moments, particularly in the live space, because there are these fleeting moments that happen live sometimes; you just want to hold on to [them].
You clearly love the energy of live performances so much. How do you balance making all of those changes, taking us into this alternate space, without losing the energy and what you love so much about what's live?
I don't think the recorded platform can replace the experience of live music.
You're going to lose it, some of it. It's like apples and oranges. I don't think the recorded platform can replace the experience of live music. Some of my favorite moments in live music or in performance can be silence. Say you're in a noisy club and there's people talking and something happens at the bandstand, and everybody starts paying attention. That in itself, just being together and sharing a moment brings a level of intensity. It's palpable. It's real.
And we're not experiencing it right now.
We're not experiencing it right now.
Just listening to you describe this stuff. And it's like we're all missing those moments like the isolation of the last few months is like so the opposite.
It's such a strange time to process anything, particularly anything of the past that reminds us of the world as it used to be not so long ago. I still wake up often and I'm like "Wait, really? This is what's going on in the world?" Just these times are very intense in general. Whatever emotions you may be feeling now, whatever struggles you may be having now are amplified.
You call yourself a student of music first at the beginning of the documentary and you've studied jazz throughout your life. As we said, you grew up around some pillars of jazz. How do you feel about jazz in this moment and where it's headed?
Great, I guess. That can be quite a loaded question. I don't even know how well I feel about the word "jazz," though I still use it.
What makes you uncomfortable with it?
['Jazz'] is totally inadequate in describing the breadth of music that has come out under its umbrella.
It has very racist roots, [for] one. It's totally inadequate in describing the breadth of music that has come out under its umbrella. And many of its founding players of the genre also took issue with the word as something that was not defined by them and was used to commodify their work. Miles Davis didn't like to call it jazz. Duke Ellington didn't like to call it jazz. Mingus didn't want to call it jazz. So I think of "jazz" — in quotes — as an aural tradition that you learn from playing and being around other people. And like aural traditions, they evolve and they move; it's not a stagnant thing for preservation. Like with an aural tradition, there's an actual physical touch. And that's where I feel fortunate to have been around a lot of elders. I always think of that as like trying to get a touch of the music and the history and the past that I can take with me as I create music, now, from my vantage point..
Universal Beings E&F Sides is out July 31 via International Anthem.PART NUMBER INFORMATION
Part No: 0445010342
Alternate Part No: 0986437354
Previous Part No: 0445010121
OEM Part No: 33100-27400
VEHICLE INFORMATION
Manufacturer: Hyundai
Application: Passenger Vehicle (PV)
Model: Santa Fe CRDi, Sonata CRDi, Grandeur CRDi, i30 CRDi, Tucson CRDi
Engine: D4EA, D4EB
Displacement: 2.0L, 2.2L
Emissions: Euro 4
Power: 83kW - 115kW
Fuel Type: Diesel
Manufacturer: Kia
Application: Passenger Vehicle (PV)
Model: Cee'd CRDi, Sportage CRDi
Engine: D4EA
Displacement: 2.0L
Emissions: Euro 4
Power: 83kW - 115kW
Fuel Type: Diesel
PUMP INFORMATION
Brand: Bosch
Model: CP3
Type: Common Rail High Pressure
Condition: New exchange
Core Deposit: $550 (included in price)
The pump is brand new and genuine. It comes with 12 months warranty and after sales service.
If you are unsure on your part number please give our sales team a call on 1300 305 359..
RELATED PAGES
- SKU0445010342NEW
- WEIGHT.Search and compare thousands of words and phrases in British Sign Language (BSL). The largest collection online.
How to sign: form in clay, wax, etc
"model a head with clay";
Similiar / Same: mold, model
Categories: forge, form, mold, mould, shape, work
How to sign: container into which liquid is poured to create a given shape when it hardens
Similiar / Same: mold, cast
Within this category: form, matrix, pig bed, sandboxThe Fortnite Blockbuster challenges are the latest set of weekly missions to arrive in the seminal battle royale game. The cinematic theme has come at an appropriate time of year, too: what better time to hide away in a dark room watching films or racking up Victory Royales than when the sun's out.
As we've come to expect from season X, we have our normal set of challenges to get us started, and then some Prestige quests when those are all done. They see us hunting down some secret items in villainous lairs and superhero hangouts, and we're here to help you get the rewards you're looking for. You're going to want to get as many unlockable goodies before Fortnite season 11. Yes, it's almost that time already.
Fortnite Blockbuster challenges list
Before we get to the meat of this list, we must thank the leaker who has given us a sneak peek at the challenges before they've hit the live game: @Lucas7Yoshi. Since the following is leaked information, remember it is possible they will change. Anyway, here they are:
Standard:
- Land in Dusty Depot, then visit the Meteor in a single match
- Harvest materials at the Block (300)
- Land at a run down Fortnite hero mansion and an abandoned villain hideout
- Deal damage while being affected by low gravity (250)
- Search between a Fortnite basement film camera, a snowy stone head, and a flashy gold big rig
- Consume fruit, Fortnite mushrooms, or glitched foraged items (10)
- Claim vending machines in different matches (3)
Prestige:
- Eliminations at Dusty Depot, or the Meteor (3)
- Search chests or ammo boxes at the Block (7)
- Search chests at an abandoned hero mansion or villain lair (7)
- Deal damage with explosive weapons (500)
- Search between a Fortnite rotary phone, a fork-knife, and a hilltop house full of Carbide and Omega posters
- Consume fruit, mushrooms, or glitched foraged items in a single match (8)
- Harvest materials at the Block or Dusty Depot in a single match (300)Dr. Chollasap Sharma
Specialty: Travel Medicine, Tropical Medicine
Language : Thai, English
Hospital : Kasemrad Hospital Rattanathibeth
Rating :
Medical School:
MD
Board Certifications:
Thai Board in Travel Medicine 2018 Master in Clinical Tropical Medicine (MCTM) 2018,Mahidol University Diploma in Tropical Medicine and Hygiene 2016,Mahidol University
Others:
-Thesis:Incidence of traveler's diarrhea among adult foreign travelers in Thailand
Special Clinical Interests:
Travel Medicine, Tropical Medicine
Contacts:Ready to print
You have already purchased this music, but not yet printed it.
This page is just a preview and does not allow printing. To print your purchase, go to the My purchases page in your account and click the relevant print icon.
Pieces of Eight - Neil Peart
Neil Peart Rush Drum Transcription
By: Neil Peart
For: Solo instrument (Drum Set .
Pieces of Eight - Neil Peart
$4.00
(+ VAT when applicable)
This music is in your basket
View basket
View basket
Instant downloadYou are purchasing high quality sheet music PDF files suitable for printing or viewing on digital devices.
Composer
Neil Peart
Publisher
Difficulty
Difficult (Grades 7+)
Duration
5 minutes
Genre
Rock and Pop music
License details
For anything not permitted by the above licence then you should contact the publisher first to obtain permission.
This is a note-for-note transcription of Neil Peart's drum part from his composition Pieces of Eight, originally found on a Modern Drummer Sound Supplement. I strive to be detailed, accurate and create music that is easy to read. The song is also available as part of the Rush Instrumentals song pack.
To purchase this score, please add it to your cart above. To purchase music not currently available on Score Exchange or for extended license requests, please contact the publisher directly.
In order to submit this score to ScoreExchange.com Matt Drum.3 Ways to Shrink Vinyl Upholstery - wikiHow
Jan 14, 2021·Put on a pair of clean heat-resistant gloves, carefully unroll the towels, and lay them on the wrinkled upholstery in a single layer. Be sure to completely cover all the parts you want to shrink or smooth out. Press the towels into the vinyl. You can use this same process to remove wrinkles from leather upholstery as well.Systematic Automation Inc. of Farmington, Conn., has developed a fully automated screen printing machine for use with injection molding robots.
The machine dial is made to match the number of mold cavities. The parts-removal robot first takes the printed and ultraviolet-cured parts off the machine dial. The dial then rotates 45 degrees, and the parts are loaded onto the spindles of the printing machine.
No operator need be present, since ink dispensing and part locating detection are automatic.
Tel. 860-677-6400.Job Description
- Up to c. $160K inc super / flexible working environment
- Leadership role, with emphasis around driving change
- Legal / professional services industry experience essential
With a continuous improvement remit, you'll act as the conduit between finance & IT and will provide ongoing end user support, whilst maintaining the structure & integrity of the practice management system. There will also be a focus around BI, analytics & business partnering.
You'll (or other prof services) systems accounting environment.
You'll have a thorough understanding of practice management systems from within a professional services environment (preferably legal, but accounting or consulting also considered), advanced Excel skills and exposure to SQL.
Your communication skills (both written & verbal) are exceptional and you'll have previous, extensive experience within a similar role.
For more information, please contact Spencer Bryson on 02 9775 5905. Or to apply, hit the "apply" button.Hi all.
Welcome to my blog on issues relevant to growing your business. This is a "straight-talk" site geared towards mid-sized ($3 - $100 million in revenue) service or manufacturing business owners as well as not-for-profit leaders about growth.
As a consultant I don't get paid to tell you how wonderful you are - on the contrary, my job involves listening and observing and then providing frank advise about the changes necessary to help you achieve realistic and aggressive growth goals. My company brochure asks the question: "Are you serious about growth? Really serious?" I ask this question because it takes more than lip service, passion, and a strong work ethic to grow a business. Those companies who consistently grow year after year do so with good planning and flawless execution. I plan to share my views about the particular traits of well run and high growth businesses. As you read these articles I ask you to compare these traits with your company or organization. How do you compare?
I hope you find this material interesting, educational - but most importantly, worth your time. More information can be found at my
website: AllegroConsultant.com
Have a great day.Choose a charity and enter your details.
Give as you Live Online is the free and easy way to raise money for The Roman Baths Foundation when you shop online with 5,500+ stores.
From holidays and travel, to clothing and gifts, you can raise hundreds of pounds from your everyday shopping, all at no extra cost to you.
Simply sign up for an account and start shopping to make a difference for The Roman Baths Foundation!
The funds you raise for The Roman Baths,,
Easy to use - straight through to website I was visiting.
who supports Hampshire Search And Rescue and has raised £2.20 Gail,
The Give as you Live website is so easy to use. Brilliant, simple and helping charitable causes. Love it!
who supports Anim-Mates and has raised £0.54 Rose,
Everyone should be using this! Excellent idea, super easy to use. Love it!
who supports Christmas For Kids and has raised £0.08oman Baths Foundation!Support us, it's free200 HOUR Holistic Yoga Therapy Teacher Training in Thailand
July 6- Aug 3 , 2022
Course Overview
ThaiVedic 200 Hour Holistic Yoga Therapy Teacher Certification offers a unique training; drawing wisdom from the traditional systems of Ayurveda, Yoga and Thai Massage, with the most powerful holistic therapies of today.
This is different from a regular Yoga Teacher Training, as it equips you with skills to offer the most individualised and effective treatments and classes; allowing you to assess and treat based on spirituality, psychology, metabolism, nutrition, and structure.
Our courses are IPHM (International Practitioners of Holistic Medicine) certified. You will gain an internationally recognised qualification, enabling you to practice holistic therapies around the world. Our training also offers Yoga Alliance 200 hour YTT Certification.
For your personal evolution, the 28 days training is an opportunity for you to immerse in an Ayurvedic self-care practice; supporting you for a transformative spiritual experience.
Who is This Training For?
Teachers, practitioners or therapists wanting to advance their professional skills. Although all knowledge is taught from an entry level and proceeds to advanced; complete beginners might find the curriculum and intensive learning style challenging if they do not have a present foundation in either yoga, Ayurveda, bodywork or other holistic therapies.
Individuals wishing to learn healing arts to help themselves and others. If you wish to better understand your own body plus understand those around you; and be equipped to help yourself and your loved ones through movement therapies, holistic lifestyle wisdom, and living spiritually purposeful lives. At ThaiVedic we envision a healer in every home.
Those wishing to practice Yoga Therapy to help people, whether at home or while travelling the world. Our school is a registered training provider with IPHM (The International Practitioners of Holistic Medicine), which allows students to practice internationally.
Those who understand that Yoga is far more than asana (physical postures and exercise), and wish to receive a holistic foundation in a variety of yogic practices including meditation, mantra, bandhas, and more.
While students can receive a Yoga Alliance 200hr certification through attending this training; if you only wish to teach Yoga Asana/yoga-studio style classes; there may be other courses more focused to your needs. While we do teach Yoga asana (poses); it is not the sole focus of this training. We focus on all aspects of yogic lifestyle and therapies. For a teacher training focused on Asana and Hatha Yoga, please see the Strength & Grace Yoga programs led by our co-founder Barbra Noh.
Those who understand that 200hrs of practice and training time will not make you a specialist or expert in the system. Although most participants will have developed life-changing skills and be able to help people as soon as they finish; the journey of mastery will happen over time and you will need to continue practising if you wish to be a specialist in any specific field.
Those who aspire to a growth mindset, who love learning and evolving; and are prepared to grow over time with a community who shares and supports your growth. Those who are people-focused and care about others, want to work with individuals and groups, and help the world by sharing practices that increase awareness and healing.
This is an education and training focused event; not intended to be a healing retreat. It is an intensive course and may not be ideal for those seeking a personalised healing treatment. For an event that is focused on YOU and your personal healing; check out Vitality Now Ayurvedic Detox Program led by our co-founder Kimmana Nichols.
"Apart from being one of the greatest experiences I've ever had, I now sense deep gratitude in every bodywork session I give. Having a diagnosis-tool at hand and a clear structure in mind makes a big difference!"
~ Monika Kletzmayr
Course Objectives
OUR GOALS ARE:
To provide an inspiring and enriching learning environment for you to advance your skills as a holistic therapist
To support a transformative, spiritual and healing journey; enabling you to learn your individual nature and how to create a life of balance
To welcome you into our close family of worldwide graduates; a group of people you'll be able to grow with for years to come.
Learn From World Class Teachers and Health Experts
Our three ThaiVedic founders will be guiding and shaping your healing evolution, along with a number of world-class guest teachers and assistants. Integrating the best of timeless traditions, with the most effective modern healing modalities. With over 60 years of accumulative experience, this powerful team of teachers has created a ground breaking curriculum never seen before..
He co-created ThaiVedic Systems to merge his modern understandings from massage and touch modalities, with the holistic wisdom and diagnostic system of Ayurveda.
Soham Johansen
Soham Johansen is the Founder and Director of the Copenhagen based Hamsa Yoga Studio, which, because of his unique style and skilful yoga classes; earnt the studio a top ranking in Travel and Leisure Magazine´s “Top 25 Yoga Studios Around the World”. Soham takes with him two decades of Yoga know-how & finesse, with a background rooted in Anusara Yoga, Language Studies and Archeology.
João Paulo Pereira
João Paulo Pereira is the founder of the BASA Yoga Method and has trained and taught extensively with the world's best since 1999. The belief that intense disciplined practice is best balanced with play, and his unique fusion of breath, awareness, strength, and alignment (BASA) have offered his students a dynamic experience to connect to the living tradition of yoga.
COURSE CURRICULUM
Gain 6 Internationally Recognised ThaiVedic Qualifications
and the opportunity to register with Yoga Alliance International
Yoga Therapy
Qualifications
Bodywork
Qualifications
Yoga Alliance International
Our training is recognised by the IPHM, enabling students to receive insurance and practice in many countries around the globe. The 7th qualification is the option to register with Yoga Alliance International.
Students will be able to assess and deliver
healing to all 5 Elements of the human body.
Ether: Guide people to their unique spiritual path and treat the energetic flow within the body. This taps people into the source of infinite healing potential.
Wind: Assess the psychology of the individual with an integrated system that encourages mental peace and accelerates the manifestation of life goals.
Fire: Understand the unique metabolic types of each individual and be able to shift the metabolism and burning fires of the body, enabling better digestion of all of life.
Water: Clearly see the body’s connection systems; spirals, loops, fascia, and fluid systems. Enabling compassionate integration and bringing back fluid movement to the dance of the body and lymph.
Earth: Strengthen and support the bones and muscular structure of the body, freeing the pain of improper alignment, and empowering an unshakeable body and mind.
Personal Benefits
Deeper understand your body and how to address long-standing health issues
Learn your individual nature and how to create a life of balance
Release stress and trauma with daily self-healing practices and bodywork exchange
As you grow evolve, so do your loved ones and relationships
Professional Benefits
Work in an industry that allows you to help others and travel the world
Know your clients better with the world's best diagnostic system
Provide truly individualised sessions that people rave about
Become a qualified health professional that people can trust
Be part of an international community of ThaiVedic healers who support your growth and prosperity
Unite with a Worldwide Community
ThaiVedic is not merely a yoga or healing training; it is a worldwide community committed to sharing wisdom that can change the world. If you are interested in having an ethically sustainable career, sharing what you love, thriving in a community of prosperity and success, working in beautiful places, and bettering the life of those who you come into contact with; then the ThaiVedic community is blossoming with people of the same vision. Let's grow and thrive together!
Our Training Venue
Immerse Yourself in a Paradise
Yoga Training in Thailand
The 2022 ThaiVedic 200 Hour Yoga Teacher Training in Thailand will be held at Haad Tien Beach; the famously unique, secluded beach paradise on Koh Phangan Island, Thailand.
Surrounded by a magical coconut grove, and backed onto hillside jungle; no roads, traffic or chaotic streets. Just nature, tranquility and good vibes. Easily accessible by a 5 minute long-tail boat ride from Haad Rin Beach; Haad Tien sits on its own secluded oasis of paradise.
Named after the local Tien trees that grow along the beach line. These trees are hundreds of years old and very similar to the ‘Tree of Life’. They are said to offer healing properties, renewal, protection, growth and luck, as they connect the land and the sea.
Haad Tien Bays are a place of refuge, a place to reconnect with you, to simply ‘be’. Enjoy being immersed in tropical paradise, connecting with nature, healthy plant-based food, and building intimacy and friendships.
One of the most incredible destinations on earth; the kind of place you will never want to leave. Perfect for the journey into healing and health; from the people to the incredible food, our location for this training will blow your mind and heart open.
Daily Schedule
The daily course outline consists of three session blocks, where we align our activities with the ideal Ayurvedic routine (based on the location of the sun). Modern research has shown the many benefits of living according to nature's rhythm, and for 5,000 years Ayurveda has put a big emphasis on this.
First Session (06:00 - 08:00)
06:00 - 07:00 Mauna (silence), meditation, yoga and asana experience
07:00 - 08:00 Practice teaching and group workshop
Group Breakfast (08:00 - 09:30)
Second Session (09:30 - 12:30)
Ayurveda or yoga lectures and therapy practice
Group Lunch (12:30 - 13:30)
Third Session (15:30 - 18:30)
Ayurveda and bodywork therapy classes
Free time/Finished for the Day
As the primary purpose of the Holistic Yoga Therapy Training is to awaken self-healing; there is a focus on practices that fine-tune your ability to understand the body’s natural guiding messages and intuitions. All classes throughout the training have this fundamental goal of enhancing self-awareness and empowering people to be their own healer. This frees the mind and body from imbalanced thoughts or movements that promote suffering and decay. When we are more self-aware, we are more able to help and heal ourselves, others, and the world.
Dates & Investment
July 6th - Aug 3rd, 2022
Life - Changing Investment
The cost for this all-inclusive Holistic Yoga Therapy Training in Thailand represents exceptional value for learning with a team of five world-class teachers, 7 qualifications, and staying in the blissful environment of Koh Phangan Thailand.
The below prices include breakfast and lunch for the entire training duration.
Students choose their own dinners and weekend meals - to allow more social experience, diversity and choice for those with varying diets and social habits. There are great dining options around our location.
The below prices include accomodation for the entire training duration.
The prices below include mixed Dormitory accomodation. This year we included dorm accomodation and lowered the course cost significantly. We did this to make the course more accessible to everyone.
Please note: There is the opportunity to upgrade to private accommodation at an additional cost.
Super Early Bird
(Includes 2 meals per day and Accom for 28 days)
USD 4,400
First 7 Signups - Available
Early Bird
(Includes 2 meals per day and Accom for 28 days)
USD 4,800
Next 12 Signups
Regular Signup
(Includes 2 meals per day and Accom for 28 days)
USD 5,200
Late Signups
PLEASE NOTE:
The total amounts above are listed in USD, with tax included.
Your deposit will be charged in Australian Dollar equivalent, as we are AUD Tax registered.
It is possible to pay your remaining balance in USD/EUR/AUD.
Transfer/banks fees must be paid on your behalf.
1. Will there be a final examination at the end of the course? Written/practical?
The ThaiVedic 200hr Holistic Yoga Therapy Teacher Training in Koh Phangan Thailand is a combination of our Level 1, 2, & 3 Bodywork Therapy Curriculum; our Level 1, 2, & 3 Yoga Therapy Curriculum; plus a 200hr Yoga Alliance certification.
The Yoga Alliance requirements are only that you attend the specific amount of hours in each subject; which will be covered through your attendance in the entire course. The ThaiVedic Modules require examination for each level, in order to receive the full qualification. Some is written and some is practical. Each level also requires home evolutions to be handed in if you want to have the highest ratings, showing that you have been able to apply the system in the real world with clients.
2. Will we get a certification directly after the Training to take home?
You will receive a "completion certificate" for the full 200hr; which can be used for Yoga Alliance. With the Yoga Alliance qualification, you will be able to practice and receive insurance straight after the training. If however, you wish to be "fully certified" by ThaiVedic, you will need to show you have been able to use the knowledge with clients outside the training by going through the process we refer to as the "Healers Evolution Program". If you hand in the "Healers Evolutions" for each module, both practical and written, you will then receive feedback from the teacher and a full Certification for that module. The Level 3 Modules (Gold Medallion Certification) require additional practice hours to receive full certification.
3. What are the benefits of getting full Certification in each Medallion Ranking?
Once certified students can use and promote themselves as a ThaiVedic practitioner. Certified practitioners are displayed on the ThaiVedic Practitioner directory according to their medallion ranking. We have chosen this system of grading because we know that 200hrs does not make an experienced healer and so we will prioritise the most experienced ThaiVedic therapists in each part of the world to represent the ThaiVedic community and our system. In the long-term, this will benefit all people involved in the ThaiVedic community, regardless of their level of qualification, because those experienced therapists will be creating the reputation for us all.
4. Do we need to bring any books or do we get manuals at the training?
We will provide manuals with all necessary information and a pdf of these manuals is available for pre-reading. There is also recommended reading for those students who wish to go deeper into certain areas. We recommend you choose from the reading list based on the topics you have the least knowledge in. ThaiVedic is a holistic system and as such a little bit of knowledge in all areas will allow you to be more effective. Example areas of knowledge include Anatomy, Thai Massage, Ayurveda, Yoga Therapy etc. Please visit this page to see the full list of recommended readings.
5. What does the weekly schedule look like?
The weekly schedule runs six days a week, with one day off. The daily schedule generally runs from sunrise until sunset, as we would like to align with the Vedic time clock. The schedule may vary, depending upon the flow of the training, as well as the needs of the group. Class schedule is approximately: Sunrise to 8am, followed by group breakfast. Next class 9.30am. -12.30pm, followed by group lunch and free time. The last class will be held from 3 - 6pm. and followed by group dinner.
6. Are there any pre-requisites to join this training?
This training is for those who is passionate and committed to furthering their yoga practice and knowledge of the body and healing. The following are suggested to get the most from this training:
We want to ensure students are prepared for the intensity of this program. Therefore we would recommend you to have a regular practice for a minimum 2 years, or if you have an accumulated 1 year of regular practice and have learnt/trained in other healing modalities and/or meditation.
Minimum age is 21, unless you are exceptionally passionate and skilled in the field of yoga/healing.
Have an English comprehension to understand, read, write and communicate during the training.
Must not have a severe medical condition that will preclude a student from participating (persons who have a medical condition that does not interfere with their safety and their participation will always be considered for trainings).
Please see our recommended reading list. You are NOT required to purchase/read all or any of these books. However, we HIGHLY recommend if you feel you have a weakness or very little knowledge in any of the subject areas; that you choose and read those texts prior to the course. See reading list.
Most importantly, an open mind ready to transform and grow one's yoga practice and self evolution.
7. What’s the maximum number of students that can enrol in the training?
As we would like to make it intimate, intensive, and be able to provide every student with support, we have limited numbers for our courses (25-35 depending on venue). Because of this our trainings have always been fully booked. We also have more teachers, guest teachers and assistants on board than other training schools to ensure dynamic learning and one-on-one time.
8. Is there any payment plan for the course? I think I will have difficulty affording the course in addition to flights to Thailand.
A payment plan is possible for those who really need it. Please contact us to discuss your options.
9. What happens if I pay now, and become ill next year? Is it possible to get the money back?
Due to the logistics required for planning an International Yoga Teacher Training, we apply a refund policy as calculated below:
Notification received more than 60 days prior to the training: 70% of course cost refunded minus US$ 100 administration fee*
Notification received 31-60 days prior to the training: 50% of course cost. Please note US$ 100 administration fee is applicable..
As the saying goes "if all you have is a hammer everything starts to look like a nail".
Without a nuanced approach to different kinds of errors and different kinds of people who are influenced by them you'll wind up smashing the church to bits.
A sincerely ignorant Apollos, needed Priscilla and Aquila to teach him the way of God more accurately. They didn't smash him or oppose him. For his part Apollos was teachable and willing to be corrected. On the other hand Paul distinguishes between the Cretan believers who need rebuking and the false teachers who are unregenerate and must be silenced.
But without clear definitions and an attempt to understand others it is easy to treat all errors equally and to handle people who hold to them as if they came out of the same box of nails.
And there are great models for doing this. John Owen wrote strong polemical works and priceless pastoral theology.
The following quotation is taken from Iain Murray's five point summary of principles found in the ministry of Dr Martyn Lloyd-Jones in the 1970s:
"...the negative should never be allowed to displace the positive. This principle implies no criticism of the negative. As we know, he believed that much of the existing confusion had arisen because ministers had declined to be forthright in opposing the wrong and the erroneous. But it is possible for the negative and the denunciatory to begin to take the chief place in a man's thinking and message, and when that happens the result is never profitable".
Iain Murray, D. M. Lloyd-Jones: the Fight of Faith, 1939-1981, p. 680Odds Preview 2125
The Cardinals will play the Beavers on Saturday, November 13th, 2021. The matchup takes place at Reser Stadium. Watch this exciting week 11 matchup at 5:30 pm on PAC12.SportsBetting3.com has analyzed the latest lines. Review our "Best Spread Bets" table above to smash the books this Saturday. Sb3gen3 has the best favorite Oregon State spread at -12.5 points. Sb3gen1 has the best underdog Stanford spread at +13 points.
Review our point spread betting tutorial and video for more information.The over under line estimates the combined total of each team's final score. Sb3gen2 has the best over line of 56 points laying $110 to win $100. Sb3gen1 has the best under line of 56 u -105.Here are money lines for the outright winner. Favorite Oregon State has a minus value. Lay $470 at Sb3gen1 to win $100. Underdog Stanford has a positive value. Risk $100 at Sb3gen1 to win $380.
College Football Championship OddsLatest NCAA Championship odds, if available, for each team. Review odds for other teams and learn the best College Football bets here.
Stanford Championship Odds
Cached 2021-11-26 22:13:59
Oregon State Championship Odds
Cached 2021-11-26 22:13:59The Broncos are looking to consolidate their top-four place in the NRL table, when take on fellow competition heavyweights
Manly at Suncorp.
While in AFL Hawthorn’s Steven Gilham will make a return this week, but other players will sit out the match with the Demons.
Simone Peterson reports.
TRANSCRIPT
Injured skipper Luke Hodge and Josh Gibson will be left out of tonight’s encounter at the MCG.
Magpies star player Adam Didack, who was injured during training in February, will be playing in this weekend’s match against Brisbane.
Nathan Buckley, Collingwood Coach: “Very robust preparation, and right to go. Look forward to seeing him do what he does.”
Carlton’s Chris Judd is returning for Monday’s match against St Kilda.
While the Gold Coast Suns’ Gary Ablett will also be back for this weeks match against the Giants.
In League news, Broncos player Justin Hodges is confident he’ll play in tonight’s encounter with premiers, Manly at Suncorp Stadium.
The Sea Eagles arrived in Brisbane without injured Kieran Foran, but are still hoping for a win.
Geoff Toovey, Manly Coach: “We want to win a couple in a row and really cement ourselves in that top eight.”
And in Rugby, Quade Cooper is expected to announce this weekend whether he will be staying or leaving the Queensland Reds.
The Reds have salary cap issues after re-signing captain Will Genia last week.
Simone Peterson, QUT News.Mondi helps reduce plastic use and carbon footprint with paper-based nappy packaging
The packaging and paper giant has launched a new paper EcoWicketBag for Drylock Technologies’ baby nappy ranges; bringing sustainable paper-based packaging to the hygiene market globally.
Global hygiene products manufacturer, Drylock approached Mondi to create a more sustainable alternative to its existing plastic nappy packaging that would travel well, have strong shelf-appeal, and protect the product – while also using renewable resources and significantly reducing its CO2 footprint.
“We approached Mondi because of their expertise in paper packaging and their extensive knowledge of the global hygiene market. Consumers are looking for more sustainable packaging that is kinder to the planet without compromising on the integrity of the product. With the EcoWicketBag, consumers can be confident of product quality and packaging sustainability,” said Drylock Technologies R&D director, Werner Van Ingelgem.
A key advantage of using paper-based solutions is the recyclability of paper and that consumers are more likely to know how to dispose of it correctly. The EcoWicketBag can be placed in existing paper streams, even in countries with the strictest recycling regulations, thereby supporting the circular economy. An EcoWicketBag made out of fully compostable materials is also available.
Mondi also ensured that EcoWicketBag fits with Drylock Technologies’ existing plant processes, meaning it is the first paper wicket bag range that can be filled and sealed on existing machines.
“We work closely with our clients using our customer-centric EcoSolutions approach to create packaging that is fit for purpose – using paper where possible, plastic when useful. With Drylock Technologies it was key to reduce the amount of plastic used, meet our customer’s sustainability targets and protect the products for consumers. By liaising closely and asking the right questions from the outset, we have been able to deliver on all of the above,” said Mondi COO paper bags, Claudio Fedalto.House 3
A large vacation home of 167 m² with 6 bedrooms for 12 persons
Classification: 4**** and TopNorm
The house a a large front room and a large backroom, a kitchen and a scullery. Amenities for 1 or more children or a 13th bed are available.
Other amenities are:
- 2 toilets
- 2 showers
- 2 parking permits
- washingmachine
- telephone
- telefax
- fast internetconnection
Rent for the weekend or midweek during the lowseason is: € 237,–.
Prices are excluding : € 40,00 cleaning costs and € 1,80 touristtax p.p.p.n.
Prices are including:: gas, water, lights, internet, parkingpermits, cots etc.
* Smoking and pets are not allowed.Healthy democracies do no burn legal documents. This recent and disturbing trend when confronted with an issue that took place during Covid policy approaches should be considered as an attempt to hide serious crimes from the public at a time when the public is at its weakest. When such options are available to a government that is found to be assisting in human rights abuses, an immediate and swift judicial response should become the norm. Zero tolerance for actions that contribute to human rights abuses should be a standard response. If that response is delayed, ignored or evidence is outright destroyed, criminal charges should follow for anyone interfering with an investigation, as in some cases eliminating evidence can become part of contributing to the atrocities.
Plus Jamais ça, or Never Again is a concept that followed the end of the Holocaust, where humanity dedicated itself to never allowing another genocide. The world has failed on many occasions, but the concept should be adhered to religiously. While average citizens often support human rights, politicians often are the ones enabling atrocities for personal gain. Recently, French footballer Antoine Griezmann cut his sponsorship ties with Huawei in protest to abuses being waged against China’s Uighur population. Griezmann pointed out that Huawei was tied to an app that apparently was going to be used to digitally identify members of China’s Uighur Muslim minority, a group that has been subject to abuses by China, with many being placed in mass detainment facilities simply for being born Uighurs.
The actions against China’s Uighur population has been known for some time, but little has been done directly about it due to China’s political and economic weight. Protests like those done by Griezmann stand out as money often controls the narrative when speaking about human rights abuses in that part of the world. In reality, in Communist systems almost all organisations and companies are controlled and owned by the government, and actions taken by those organisations are almost always to the benefit of their home nation.
Recent revelations that Canada’s government had been encouraging its own military and intelligence service to accept coordination and training with China’s military has shocked many in Canada, the US and NATO establishment. While still not completely clear the extent of the cooperation, it has been noted that Canada’s leaders took steps to give China winter war training and allow Chinese Generals training inside Canadian military colleges. It is more than likely that Canada has been aware of human rights abuses done against Uighurs and any other abuse that could be easily accessed by reading Human Right Watch reports. With Canada acknowledging its own nation committed genocide against its indigenous populations, the same standard should be applied to other humans abroad.
Training soldiers to operate more efficiently in the regions of the country where Uighurs reside, Tibet is located and where skirmishes with India have taken place, likely contributes to actions taken in those regions as well. It might be the case that actions by Canada may have exacerbated human rights abuses against those groups and populations, and as a result those officials in Canada should be open to questioning by Canadian and international human rights tribunals. While the same government has been those in a democracy that have destroyed legally obtained evidence by its own government’s committee in the recent past, society as a whole needs to demand justice at home, so it can legitimately demand justice abroad for those who have lost all freedoms.The Lost Tribes of the Amazon
Often described as “uncontacted,” isolated groups living deep in the South American forest resist the ways of the modern world—at least for now
/).”
Other Amazon nations, too, have taken measures to protect their indigenous peoples. Peru’s Manú National Park contains some of the greatest biodiversity of any nature reserve in the world; permanent human habitation is restricted to several tribes. Colombia has turned almost 82 million acres of Amazon jungle, nearly half its Amazon region, into 14.8 million acres of national parks, where all development is prohibited, and resguardos, 66.7 million acres of private reserves owned by indigenous peoples. In 2011 Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos signed legislation that guaranteed “the rights of uncontacted indigenous peoples...to remain in that condition and live freely according to their cultures on their ancestral lands.”
The reality, however, has fallen short of the promises. Conservation groups have criticized Peru for winking at “ecotourism” companies that take visitors to gape at isolated Indians. Last year, timber companies working illegally inside Manú National Park drove a group of isolated Mashco-Piro Indians from their forest sanctuary.
Colombia, beset by cocaine traffickers and the hemisphere’s longest Marxist-Leninist insurgency, hasn’t always succeeded in policing its rainforests effectively either. Several groups of Indians have been forcibly assimilated and dispersed in recent years.
Today, however, Colombia continues to move into the vanguard of protecting indigenous peoples and their land. In December, the government announced a bold new plan to double the size of remote Chiribiquete Park, currently 3.2 million acres in southern Colombia; the biodiversity sanctuary is home to two isolated tribes..”
***
Especially since the alternatives to isolation are often so bleak. This became clear to me one June morning, when I traveled up the Amazon River from the Colombian border town of Leticia. I climbed into a motorboat at the ramshackle harbor of this lively port city, founded by Peru in 1867 and ceded to Colombia following a border war in 1922. Joining me were Franco, Daniel Matapi—an activist from Colombia’s Matapi and Yukuna tribes—and Mark Plotkin, director of the Amazon Conservation Team, the Virginia-based nonprofit that sponsored Franco’s overflight. We chugged down a muddy channel and emerged into the mile-wide river. The sun beat down ferociously as we passed thick jungle hugging both banks. Pink dolphins followed in our wake, leaping from the water in perfect arcs.
After two hours, we docked at a pier at the Maloca Barú, a traditional longhouse belonging to the 30,000-strong Ticuna tribe, whose acculturation into the modern world has been fraught with difficulties. A dozen tourists sat on benches, while three elderly Indian women in traditional costume put on a desultory dance. “You have to sell yourself, make an exhibition of yourself. It’s not good,” Matapi muttered. Ticuna vendors beckoned us to tables covered with necklaces and other trinkets. In the 1960s, Colombia began luring the Ticuna from the jungle with schools and health clinics thrown up along the Amazon. But the population proved too large to sustain its subsistence agriculture-based economy, and “it was inevitable that they turned to tourism,” Franco said.
Not all Ticunas have embraced this way of life. In the nearby riverside settlement of Nazareth, the Ticuna voted in 2011 to ban tourism. Leaders cited the garbage left behind, the indignity of having cameras shoved in their faces, the prying questions of outsiders into the most secret aspects of Indian culture and heritage, and the uneven distribution of profits. “What we earn here is very little,” one Ticuna leader in Nazareth told the Agence France-Presse. “Tourists come here, they buy a few things, a few artisanal goods, and they go. It is the travel agencies that make the good money.” Foreigners can visit Nazareth on an invitation-only basis; guards armed with sticks chase away everyone else.
***.”
A torrential rain begins to fall, drumming on the roof and soaking the fields. Our guide from Leticia has equipped us with knee-high rubber boots, and Plotkin, Matapi and I embark on a hike deeper into the forest. We tread along the soggy path, balancing on splintered logs, sometimes slipping and plunging to our thighs in the muck. Plotkin and Matapi point out natural pharmaceuticals such as the golobi, a white fungus used to treat ear infections; er-re-ku-ku, a treelike herb that is the source of a snake-bite treatment; and a purple flower whose roots—soaked in water and drunk as a tea—induce powerful hallucinations. Aguaje palms sway above a second maloca tucked in a clearing about 45 minutes from the first one. Matapi says that the tree bark of the aguaje contains a female hormone to help certain males “go over to the other side.” The longhouse is deserted except for two napping children and a pair of scrawny dogs. We head back to the main road, trying to beat the advancing night, as vampire bats circle above our heads.
***
In the months before his reconnaissance mission over Río Puré National Park, Roberto Franco consulted diaries, indigenous oral histories, maps drawn by European adventurers from the 16th through 19th centuries, remote sensors, satellite photos, eyewitness accounts of threatening encounters with Indians, even a guerrilla from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia who had seen the Indians while on a jungle patrol. The overflights, says Franco, engendered mixed emotions. “I felt happy and I also felt sad, maybe because of the lonely existence these Indians had,” he told me on our last morning in Leticia. “The feelings were complicated.”
Franco’s next step is to use the photographs and GPS coordinates gathered on his flights to lobby the Colombian government to strengthen protection around the national park. He envisions round-the-clock surveillance by both semi-assimilated Indians who live on the park perimeter and rangers within the park boundaries, and an early warning system to keep out intruders. “We are just at the beginning of the process,” he says.
Franco cites the tragic recent history of the Nukak tribe, 1,200 isolated Indians who inhabited the forests northwest of Río Puré National Park. In 1981, a U.S. evangelical group, New Tribes Mission, penetrated their territory without permission and, with gifts of machetes and axes, lured some Nukak families to their jungle camp. This contact drove other Nukak to seek similar gifts from settlers at the edge of their territory. The Indians’ emergence from decades of isolation set in motion a downward spiral leading to the deaths of hundreds of Nukak from respiratory infections, violent clashes with land grabbers and narco-traffickers, and dispersal of the survivors. “Hundreds were forcibly displaced to [the town of] San José del Guaviare, where they are living—and dying—in terrible conditions,” says Rodrigo Botero García, technical coordinator of the Andean Amazon Project, a program established by Colombia’s national parks department to protect indigenous peoples. “They get fed, receive government money, but they’re living in squalor.” (The government has said it wants to repatriate the Nukak to a reserve created for them to the east of San José del Guaviare. And in December, Colombia’s National Heritage Council approved an urgent plan, with input from the Nukak, to safeguard their culture and language.) The Yuri and Passé live in far more remote areas of the rainforest, but “they are vulnerable,” Franco says.
Some anthropologists, conservationists and Indian leaders argue that there is a middle way between the Stone Age isolation of the Yuri and the abject assimilation of the Ticuna. The members of Daniel Matapi’s Yukuna tribe continue to live in malocas in the rainforest—30 hours by motorboat from Leticia—while integrating somewhat with the modern world. The Yukuna, who number fewer than 2,000, have access to health care facilities, trade with nearby settlers, and send their kids to missionary and government schools in the vicinity. Yukuna elders, says Matapi, who left the forest at age 7 but returns home often, “want the children to have more chances to study, to have a better life.” Yet the Yukuna still pass down oral traditions, hunt, fish and live closely attuned to their rainforest environment. For far too many Amazon Indians, however, assimilation has brought only poverty, alcoholism, unemployment or utter dependence on tourism.
It is a fate, Franco suspects, that the Yuri and Passé are desperate to avoid. On the second day of his aerial reconnaissance, Franco and his team took off from La Pedrera, near the eastern edge of Río Puré National Park. Thick drifting clouds made it impossible to get a prolonged view of the rainforest floor. Though the team spotted four malocas within an area of about five square miles, the dwellings never stayed visible long enough to photograph them. “We would see a maloca, and then the clouds would close in quickly,” Eliana Martínez says. The cloud cover, and a storm that sprang up out of nowhere and buffeted the tiny plane, left the team with one conclusion: The tribe had called upon its shamans to send the intruders a message. “We thought, ‘They are making us pay for this,’” Franco says.
The Value of a Secure Affiliate Website
Today we’re going to get a little bit down and technical in our blog post – so buckle up, buttercup – I hope you’re ready.
One thing I’ve come to notice in my time working with computers and also in an IT company is the importance of SSL certificates and web hosting. Now you may be thinking ‘how does that relate to affiliate marketing, Chloe? Gosh!’ – Just stay with me.
Let’s start with an SSL Certificate:
Not that you’d really need to know but SSL stands for Secure Socket Layer and this is a small data file or files that add a cryptic key to a website. Essentially this adds an additional layer of security against online hackers and other nasty website viruses, and that’s the important part.
You can purchase an SSL Certificate online and upload it to your web server (or have your hosting company do it on your behalf if necessary) to make the change.
Originally, SSL certificates were only really required for websites taking payment details or requiring personal log ins, however now it has much more become the norm for all trusted websites to contain an SSL certificate.
How do you know if a website has an SSL certificate?
It’s quite simple really – to start you’ll see they’re listed as https, rather than just http. (That’s Hyper Text Transfer Protocol or Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure, again not hugely necessary to remember but these are the processes that connect the user, to the website they’re trying to access)
The difference in the above two images isn’t massive, you’ll notice however that there is a little padlock next to secure https sites, and a ‘Not Secure’ on just plain http sites. However, it doesn’t end there. Some sites without an SSL certificate can come up with the more extreme ‘Dangerous’ warning:
At this point web browsers encourage the user to steer clear of the site completely. It’s actually pretty difficult to find your way onto a site around this page – that’s the power of Google and co for you!
So how does that affect affiliate marketing?
There have been instances where advertisers have perhaps forgotten to renew their SSL certificates and any users going straight to this page will of course not be converting, so conversion rates plummet. Not only that but affiliates soon clock on that something is wrong and they will pull the offer, meaning the ROI drops dramatically.
In terms of affiliate sites however, you may not collect personal data or have any need for users to enter card details on your page, but I’m certain you’ll be concerned with your google search ranking. As of 2014 having an SSL certificate for your website will go in your favour with Google’s ranking algorithm (though don’t expect any major rank changes). On top of this however you will also put at ease the more cautious online users.
An SSL certificate can be purchased online from a number of providers – you’re best to speak to your hosting company to see if they have any suggestions, otherwise it can be purchased online.
This is an annual purchase – you’ll need to make note of when your SSL certificate expires!
Speaking of annual renewals, you’ll also need to keep a note on your hosting company and when you need to pay your next invoice – without website hosting, you have no website. It’s worth having a shop around as prices can vary, but in affiliate marketing, you want to go for reliability over saving an extra couple of quid.
As an advertiser you need to know that your offers are up and running as long as you plan them to be, especially if you have a number of different offers/pages to keep an eye on. As an affiliate if your site goes down, so do your conversions and in turn your revenue.
Long story short – keep your SSL certificates and web hosting up to date to get the most out of your affiliate marketing experience and to help maximise your revenue!Time zone at the center of Kansas: US/Central
Some states may span multiple time zones, so if you're looking for the time difference, try searching for a particular city to get the local time.
Current time zone offset: UTC/GMT -6 hours
The current time and date at the center of Kansas is 9:29 PM on Friday, November 26, 2021. Search for a city in Kansas to find the local time.
Local gas prices in Kansas:
Regular: $3.12 Mid-Grade: $3.37 Premium: $3.62 Diesel: $3.40
Show me all the major and local airports in Kansas.
Show me all the cities in Kansas..There are plenty of guides around about using Dagger for Dependency Injectionon Android. They explain what it is, why it is needed, but miss on explaining how to practically do it. Practically using dagger had eluded me for a long time.
Recently I had my aha moment on how I can use it practically. This success owes a lot to this article by Gabor Varadi.
This article will cover how to use dagger 2 in a simple situation. If you are looking for advanced usage with scopes and other stuff, this isn’t what you are looking for.
Let’s get started!
Understand the problem
Before understanding the problem, lets see where this problem comes from. We want to implement a concept called Dependency Injection. It says that if a component depends on another component, instead of making this dependency itself, it should be provided (injected) from the outside. This will help us in loose coupling between the components, a simple way to test the behavior of a component and much cleaner code. A basic example code is:
class A { B b; A( B b) { this.b = b; } }
Here the class A has a dependency on class B. B is supplied to its constructor. This is dependency injection. Let’s take an example from the android world.
Suppose you have implemented MVP or MVVM pattern. Your presenter (or ViewModel) depends on a database which requires (Application) context in it’s constructor. Since you shouldn’t send android specific stuff to presenter, your view, the activity will end up instantiating the database. The code looks like this:
class MyActivity { @Override public void onCreate() { Context context = this.getApplicationContext(); MyDatabase db = new MyDatabase(context); MyPresenter presenter = new MyPresenter(db); } }
class MyPresenter { MyPresenter(MyDatabase db) { // using this db } }
Now, that seems wrong. Why would the view care about the database. Wouldn’t it be better if presenter took care of that itself? This is our problem — that the view knew about something it shouldn’t, making the involved components tightly coupled.
This is one of the good reasons to use Dagger 2 for dependency injection. If the dependency was injected to the presenter without view’s intervention, the code becomes more modular and loosely connected which helps in easily changing one component without affecting another.
Now that you can see where the problem lies, let’s try to understand how to use dagger, and then we will solve this problem.
Understanding Dagger
First we need to include dagger in build.gradle. This is configuration I have used as of July 2018 (Replace the version 2.16 with whatever is the latest version).
To include in an android module, add this in the module’s build.gradle :
dependencies { annotationProcessor com.google.dagger:dagger-compiler:2.16 implementation com.google.dagger:dagger:2.16 }
And for a java module, add this in it’s build.gradle
// this is for using apt for annotation processor plugins { id "net.ltgt.apt" version "0.10" } dependencies { apt com.google.dagger:dagger-compiler:2.16 implementation com.google.dagger:dagger:2.16 }
Dagger works via annotations to understand what you want to inject and what the dependencies of a component are. Some basic annotations are:
Inject
This annotation is used in 2 ways:
1. By a component to declare it wants these dependencies
2. Telling dagger to use this constructor to make the object if you want to inject this as a dependency. This injection is recursive, i.e. if the constructor has parameters, dagger will look for ways to inject them as well.
Let’s take an example to clear that statement. MyClass asks dagger to inject A (Usage 1). Dagger tries to inject A via it’s constructor call (Usage 2) that leads to B’s constructor (Recursive injection — Usage 2). Note that for this to happen, we have marked B’s constructor with @Inject annotation. This will happen until the dependency has a no parameter constructor or until it was already present with dagger somehow (Somebody else created it before you).
class MyClass { @Inject A a; // more code } class A { @Inject A(B b) { // more code } } class B { @Inject B() { // more code } }
Provides and Module
Now you are wondering, what about cases where there are no constructor, like Retrofit client as it is built by its builder. Or when we can’t instantiate the dependency, like a context object. We can’t use @Inject for such cases. Dagger has a solution for such case.
There are two annotations for such cases. First is @Provides. Marking a method with this annotation tells dagger, that this method provides the return data type. Let’s take an example to clear that hard statement. Suppose we have a function called getContext() which returns Context object. If I mark this method with @Provides, dagger now knows where to find the context (Since it’s the return type of our method).
But wait, what if I need to inject ApplicationContext and ActivityContext as dependency somewhere. For both the return type would be Context. Well, dagger provides a @Named annotation to mark an Id for your @Provides methods. So for application context we would use something like @Named(“ApplicationContext”) and similarly for ActivityContext. You can find the example in the code below.
But where do I define this @Provides methods? The answer is @Module. It is used on a class to grouping of similar types of @Provides methods together. For example a class named ContextModule marked with @Module will have @Provides methods for ApplicationContext and ActivityContext. These methods will use @Named to differentiate between the same return type. Also, remember that you need to specify the name or id when asking for your dependency if you have used it when we provide the dependency. Example: Context is marked with name “ApplicationContext” in MyDatabase code below. In this way dagger knows to inject the dependency marked with this name.
class MyDatabase { @Inject MyDatabase(@Named("ApplicationContext") Context context) { // more code } }
@Module class ContextModule { Context context; ContextModule(Context context) { this.context = context; } @Provides @Named("ApplicationContext") Context getContext() { return context; } }
As you can see, the module asks for the context it has to provide in it’s constructor. If there is any component like Context or ContentResolver that we can’t instantiate or even build like Retrofit, we ask for them in the module’s constructor. And then via it’s @Provides methods the module will tell Dagger what it can provide.
Component
We have seen the ways we can ask and provide dependencies. Now we need a way to define the component which connects those annotations i.e. will inject those dependencies wherever needed. So logically, we need to tell it the modules to use and the consumers, the one’s who needs these dependencies. @Component automatically picks up @Inject constructor calls. We’ll see the code in the coming examples.
Solving the problem
Remember our problem — the view was instantiating the database and then passing it to the presenter.
First we look at the MyDatabase class. We already saw how we marked it’s constructor as @Inject. This tells Dagger to use this constructor to inject this whenever MyDatabase is needed as a dependency. It also tells dagger that my constructor parameter that I depend on, is named “ApplicationContext”. Then we used a ContextModule to provide that “ApplicationContext” named dependency.
Now, we will define the component. We need to tell it what modules to use, and where it would need to inject. Since we need to inject the MyDatabase to MyPresenter, we only need to tell Dagger about the ContextModule (Since component will pick up @Inject on MyDatabase constructor directly). To tell it where we need to inject, we define a function called inject that returns void and takes the consumer as a parameter. Example:
@Component (modules={ContextModule.class}) interface MyComponent { void inject(MyPresenter presenter); }
But this is just an interface. Where is the code that will actually inject?
Build the project once. Dagger generates all the code that is required to inject dependencies at compile time. After the build, DaggerMyComponent class is created which implements the MyComponent interface. Dagger generates this implementation with a Dagger prefix in the name. This implementation has methods to provide dependencies and inject them to our consumer (Both of which we defined in the interface).
Now we need a way to provide this component to the consumers. In most cases the dependencies we want to inject can be created on an application scope, hence we declare the component as a static variable in the Application class. Next we need to build it using the builder function in the DaggerMyComponent class. The builder of the components only asks for the modules it depends on. Finally, we make a function to return the component.
class MyApplication extends Application { private static MyComponent component; @Override void onCreate() { component = DaggerMyComponent.builder() .contextModule(new ContextModule(getApplicationContext())) .build(); } public static MyComponent getMyComponent() { return component; } }
Now here is the presenter asking for dependencies to be injected.
class MyPresenter { @Inject MyDatabase db; MyPresenter() { MyApplication.getMyComponent().inject(this); } }
That’s it. We have declared where we would provide our dependencies, and how consumers can ask for them.
Bonus 1 — Injecting interfaces instead of implementations
There is one more thing you should know. Suppose MyDatabase was implementing an interface. Let’s call it Database. Instead of directly injecting the implementation, we want to inject the interface instead. For this, first we need to make a module which takes an implementation as it’s constructor parameter. Then in the ‘provides’ method, it returns the implementation object(MyDatabase), but the return type is of the interface (Database). Thus effectively when we inject the interface, it will be a reference to an actual implementation. Then we need to include this module in our component, and inject the interface directly.
@Module class DatabaseModule { MyDatabase dbImpl; @Inject DatabaseModule(MyDatabase myDB) { this.dbImpl = myDB; } @Provides Database getDatabase() { return dbImpl; } }
Bonus 2 — Singleton
Yeah, Singleton. We all have been in situations where we needed to make a dependency a singleton class, e.g. Database, or maybe a state manager of some sorts etc. There are two rules:
- If you are injecting the dependency via @Inject on the constructor of the dependency, just mark the class as @Singleton.
- If you are using @Provides in a module, just mark the method as @Singleton.
Dagger will make sure that for the given scope, that is application scope in our simple example, the dependency remains a Singleton.
@Singleton class MyDatabase implements Database { @Inject MyDatabase(@Named("ApplicationContext") Context context) { // more code } } /**********************************************************/ @Module class DatabaseModule { MyDatabase dbImpl; @Inject DatabaseModule(MyDatabase myDB) { this.dbImpl = myDB; } @Provides @Singleton Database getDatabase() { return dbImpl; } }
Summary
In summary, the rules for using Dagger for Dependency Injection are
- Use @Inject on constructors wherever you can.
-.
Further reading
- Introduction to Dagger 2, Using Dependency Injection in Android: Part 1
- Introduction to Dagger 2, Using Dependency Injection in Android: Part 2
- Android Dagger2: Critical things to know before you implement
- Tasting Dagger 2 on Android
- Snorkeling with Dagger 2
- Inject everything — ViewHolder and Dagger 2 (with Multibinding and AutoFactory example)
I hope this article helped you.Document Type : Original Article
Authors
- Abbas Bashiri 1
- Hasan Hasani Moghaddam 2
- Mohamad Javad Khodam 3
- Seyyed Mohammad Afghahi 4
- Hassan Tabarsi 5
1 Instructor of electronic, Department of Information and communication technology, Imam Hossein University (IHU), Tehran, Iran
2 MSc of remote sensing, Kharazmi University, Tehran, Iran
3 MSc of physic, Institute for Advanced Studies in Basic Sciences(IASBS), Zanjan, Iran
4 M.Eng of metalogic, , Imam Hossein University, Tehran, Iran
5 M.Eng of Electronic, Microelectronic and Nanoelectronic devices, department of Information and communication technology, Imam Hossein University, Tehran, Iran
Abstract
Background and objective: Absolute and Relative Models of Radiometric Corrections Due to the relative information provided from different parts of the globe, there are always errors when correcting images, which has led many researchers to develop local models or design tools to obtain information about the situation of Atmospheric of the area under study when the satellite passes. The present study aims to present a new method for radiometric correction of satellite images.
Material and methods: To apply the proposed method for correcting the calibration of satellite images, a sun-photometer was first designed and developed that can obtain atmospheric data and attenuate sunlight in the range of 400 to 950 nm in a hyperspectral mode. Sentinel-2 satellite images related to the city of Tehran were selected as a sample and in 2 days with clean and high pollution, data were obtained and the coefficients obtained were applied through a sun-photometer.
Results and conclusions: Based on made assessments, the importance of radiometric corrections based on local information for satellite images become more apparent. Evaluation of the research results shows the high capability of the designed sun-photometer in accurately assessing the attenuation of sunlight in different spectral. The amount of sunlight attenuation in the green band is more than the blue and red bands, which indicates the type of urban pollution in the region, which had the greatest impact on the green band and the least impact on the red band.
Keywords
Main SubjectsSocial Pro Daily Twitter Revealed Its Hashtag-Triggered Emojis for LGTBQ Pride Month #Pride2018, #LoveIsLove, #Pride, #LoveWins, #PrideMonth and #PrideParade in English June is LGTBQ Pride Month Twitter By David CohenJune 4, 2018 Twitter announced a host of hashtag-triggered emojis to mark LGTBQ Pride Month in June. David Cohen @9Number9 david.cohen@adweek.com David Cohen is editor of Adweek's Social Pro Daily. Recommended articlesVisit LAKERS TOGETHER for COVID policies and information. Face coverings required indoors.
2021-2022 Undergraduate & Graduate Catalog
SI 630 - Engaging Diversity through Social Innovation
Designed to reinforce students' abilities to identify and critically evaluate structural inequalities, implicit values, and power relations across for-profit, nonprofit, and governmental sectors that shape the communities with which they engage. Includes discussion of theoretical frameworks for understanding equality/inequality as well as mechanisms for assessing inclusion and equity. Offered fall semester. Prerequisite: SI 600 or SI 610 or SI 620.
Credits: 3Washington, A senior US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) said that he was pressured to downplay the threat of Russian election interference as it “made the President look bad”, it was reported.
In a whistleblower reprisal complaint, the official, Brian Murphy said he was demoted for refusing to alter reports and that the directives were illegal, the BBC reported late Wednesday.
Filed on Tuesday, it was released on Wednesday by the Democrat-led House Intelligence Committee, which has asked Murphy to testify to Congress later this month.
The complaint features a number of allegations against former Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, current Acting Secretary Chad Wolf and his deputy Ken Cuccinelli.
Murphy has alleged that between March 2018 and August 2020, there was a “repeated pattern of abuse of authority, attempted censorship of intelligence analysis and improper administration of an intelligence program related to Russian efforts to influence and undermine US interests”.
In May, the official claimed that he was instructed by Wolf to “cease providing intelligence assessments on the threat of Russian interference… and instead start reporting on interference activities by China and Iran”.
These instructions came directly from White House National Security Adviser Robert O’Brien, according to the complaint.
The complaint also alleges that Nielsen knowingly provided “false material information” about known or suspected terrorists apprehended at the border during testimony before two House committees, in December 2018 and March 2019, the BBC reported.
It also detailed a clash with Cuccinelli over a report in May into the threat posed by white supremacist groups, claiming that he ordered changes “in a manner that made the threat appear less severe”.
But the White House and DHS denied the claims.
On Wednesday, White House spokeswoman Sarah Matthews said the allegations were “false and defamatory”, while DHS spokesperson Alexei Woltornist said the Department “denies that there is any truth to the merits of Murphy’s claim”.
Related Posts
Inclusive governance, greater civic engagement in Sri Lanka important: UN
Heavy rains lash Sri Lanka, 14 people dead
Remains of another Korean War soldier identifiedOh My Girl member Seunghee shocked fans by admitting she’s taking over 40 pills of supplements.
On November 20 episode of FashionN’s “Follow Me 12,” Seunghee ended up saying something that made headlines in South Korea.
She was preparing for Oh My Girl overseas activities and revealed some of the key items in her luggage. Seunghee revealed her inventory of vitamins, she named them as the most needed items, she says she feels the need to stay healthy during her busy idol schedule.
She said,
“I take 40 pills a day.”
When she saw footage of her group performing overseas she couldn’t hide her tears, she said,
“In order to fulfill my dreams of becoming a singer, I started singing at the age of 12, and it took me 8-9 years.
I am thankful every time I stand on stage, I will work hard to repay all my fans who are always cheering us on.”
What do you think of this?Many new diesel cars use a fluid called AdBlue. If your car uses AdBlue, you'll probably need to top it up at least once between services.
Find out what it does, how it works and why it’s important to keep an eye on dashboard warnings - particularly if you’re a high mileage motorist.
What is AdBlue?).
What is AdBlue made of?.
Our expert patrols can help if you get engine trouble.
How does AdBlue work?.
Need breakdown cover? Read our guide about how it works:
What happens if I. You'll usually see a text warning on the dashboard at around 1500 miles to go followed by an amber warning light.
Which cars can use AdBlue?
Not all car manufacturers use AdBlue technology. But chances are if you’ve got a diesel from Jaguar, Land Rover or any French or German manufacturer, and it was registered new after September 2015, it’ll use AdBlue.
Does my car use AdBlue?
Some older cars or vehicles from other manufacturers use AdBlue too. So if you’re not sure if your car uses it, you can check:
- The vehicle handbook.
- See if there’s an AdBlue filler cap either next to the fuel filler, in the boot or under the bonnet.
- If the model name contains ‘Blue’ or ‘SCR’.
- If you’re still not sure, ask a dealer.
Where can I buy AdBlue?
AdBlue’s sold by petrol stations, garages, motor accessory shops, online retailers and even some supermarkets. If you’re in any doubt that you’re buying the right stuff, contact your dealer..
How long does AdBlue last?
The rate at which you use AdBlue depends on your engine and how economically you drive.
- Typical consumption is around a litre of AdBlue every 600 miles.
- But it could be as high as a litre every 350 miles.
- Tank size varies too, so you could need to refill somewhere between 3,000 and 12,000 miles depending on the car and your driving style.
This means that most drivers will have to top-up their AdBlue reservoir at least once between normal service visits to the dealer.
Is it safe to drive with the AdBlue warning light on?
It’s not a major safety issue, but if you don’t top up, you’ll eventually run out of AdBlue and you won’t be able to start the car.
When the warning light first comes on you’ll have plenty of time to refill – so don’t panic. Just make sure you don’t put off topping up, especially if you’re about to book an MOT test. Your vehicle’s emissions will be checked as part of the MOT – not having the right amount of Adblue could increase them to a dangerous level.
How to reset the AdBlue warning light
There’s no manual way of resetting your AdBlue warning light – the only thing you can do is top up. Once you’ve refilled to the minimum level, the warning light will disappear.
Where is the AdBlue tank?
The AdBlue tank is usually located under the boot floor, where the spare wheel might have been in the past. But it's more important to know where the filler for it is located.
There'll usually be a small blue filler cap next to the main diesel filler. If it's not there, then check in the boot or under the bonnet.
What happens if I put AdBlue in the diesel tank?
Putting it directly into your fuel tank could cause expensive damage to your fuel tank, pump and injection system. If you start the engine it's likely to be an expensive write-off, so don’t touch the ignition.
You’ll need to get the tank drained and the contents disposed of safely before you can refill it. Call us, and we’ll sort the problem out.
Filled up with the wrong fuel?
What happens if I put diesel in the AdBlue tank?
Don’t turn on the ignition or start the engine and call us for help.
If you do start your engine, then the damage could mean that you have to get the entire Selective Catalytic Reduction and AdBlue injection system replaced.
How do I refill the AdBlue tank?
- Follow any instructions given in your handbook or on the pack.
- Your handbook will tell you how much AdBlue the tank holds.
- 5 litres should be enough to make sure your car will restart if you’ve run out completely.
- You may need a funnel depending on where the AdBlue filler cap is located (next to the fuel filler, in the boot, or under the bonnet) and the size or design of the AdBlue pack you’ve got.
- Wash your hands and rinse any spills from the bodywork – AdBlue’s non-toxic but can cause irritation to your skin and eyes and will damage the paintwork.
How does AdBlue reduce exhaust emissions?
AdBlue.
Vehicles have to meet strict exhaust emissions limits and the latest standard, Euro 6, is very challenging on Nitrogen Oxide (NOx) limits.
Most cars can only meet the Euro 6 standard when fitted with emissions technology known as Selective Catalytic Reduction (SCR). This technology uses AdBlue to break down and reduce harmful emissions.
Published: 1 May 2017 | Updated: 28 January 2020 | Author: The AADana Gallery
February 9–April 30, 2021
New York painter Francie Lyshak draws on her own lived experience—including the trauma of childhood abuse—to conjure hauntingly allusive scenes with something of the quality of modern myths. Aiming to transcend the purely rational by establishing spaces for dreaming and reflection, emotional exploration and release for the viewer, she also maintains her own indelible perspective, subtly advancing a feminist outlook and pursuing a foundational belief in the continuing power of image, color, and text.
Exhibition organized through Katharine T. Carter & Associates.
Thumbnail Image Credit: Francie Lyshak (American, b. 1948). Flying, 1996. Oil on linen. Courtesy of the artist.
Virtual Opening Reception & Artist Talk, February 9, 2021, 5:30–6:30 p.m.
Additional events will be announced as possible due to COVID-19 precautions. Please check the museum's calendar or social media for updates.
Image Credit: Francie Lyshak (American, b. 1948). Waterfall, 1997. Oil on linen. Courtesy of the artist.Superior. Superior had to construct overhead protection at different elevations for buses, cars and pedestrians. This is going to be an 8 – 10 year project. These structures are just the first phase in an extensive renovation. They have to be strong enough to support additional scaffolding when they start renovating the facade of the building. For more detailed information on the job read our blogAn intriguing witty and engaging Devon author, journalist, charity worker and writer-in-residence at Dartmoor Prison, who was described as having had a ‘fascination with death’, is believed to have tragically taken her own life.
Jessica Berens, who had lived a fascinating life and had carried out extensive research for her work on assisted dying, was found passed away at her home in Puddington, near Tiverton, on March 27, 2019.
An inquest at Exeter’s County Hall yesterday, November 5, heard the 59-year-old had suffered from depression since her early 20s.
Two days before her death she had suffered the loss of her Jack Russell dog who was run over by a postman outside her home and died in her arms.
The last person to see her alive was her aunt Sandra Yarde-Buller.
In a statement she recalled about the dog: “She was extremely upset.”
She continued: “Jessica had good days and bad days. She was a complex character. On a good day she was very amusing and good fun.”
Regarding Miss Berens’ views about suicide, she said: “She talked about death and suicide. She was not keen on getting old, but who is?"
She added how Miss Berens had been planning to get a new dog and was looking forward to sharing some of her knitting at a show.
Other family members and friends of Miss Beren told how she had never expressed to them any intention of wanting to harm herself or take her own life, but was known to use medication to control her 'terrible’ headaches.
It was added that she had been planning for the future, which included travelling to Spain with a friend, and starting a new job in September 2019.
Mrs Yarde-Buller told how she had seemed in ‘good spirits’. The day before her death she recalled Miss Berens stated that she felt very tired so planned to stay in bed.
When she went to check on her the next day she found her unresponsive in her bed.
No suicide note or documents were found to confirm she had intended to take her life.
Her brother Thomas described her temperament as being one of ‘extreme highs and lows’, and that although she had the support of family and friends, she turned to illicit substances to try and cope.
He recalled: “In her teens it was sleeping pills, and then drugs and alcohol. I was saddened to learn she had recently started drinking again, but her diary said she had abstained 10 days up to two days before she died.”
Mr Berens, who said he always tried to support her when he could, added: “She always had a fascination with death, in particular suicide. She attended a function in 2017 about different ways you could die and wrote an article.
“She was passionate about being able to choose death rather than facing old age.”
The inquest heard Miss Berens had been approaching her 60th birthday.
The coroner told how he been provided with a box from the family which belonged to Miss Berens. It contained various documents including a do not resuscitate certificate, leaflets prompting end of life choice, notebooks about assisted dying and suicides, and a proposal about a book she had been writing on assisted dying.
In terms of her health, the inquest heard Miss Berens was diagnosed with a brain aneurysm five years before she died which required surgery, and left her with headaches. She also suffered from insomnia.
Her GP told in a statement how she had battled with alcoholism in the past and had taken an accidental overdose in 2008.
A depression review in April 2018 revealed how she had expressed a lack of self-worth and suicidal thoughts, but had no plans to self-harm at that time.
You can stay up-to-date on the top news near you with DevonLive's FREE newsletters – find out more about our range of daily and weekly bulletins and sign up here or enter your email address at the top of the page.
By the following month she reported the medication she was taking had improved her mood and her suicidal thoughts had ‘significantly’ reduced.
In May 2018, she said she was feeling more positive and was receiving support from a local depression and anxiety service.
A post mortem examination confirmed the cause of Miss Berens’ death was having taken a toxic level of a drugs which is no longer available on prescription in the UK. It is used in parts of the world for assisted dying and the euthanasia of pets.
Recording a conclusion of suicide, coroner Philip Spinney said it was clear from the evidence that Miss Berens had a ‘great deal knowledge’ on the subject of suicide and assisted suicide.
He said: “It is not clear where the drugs originated from and whether she purchased them or had them historically.
“It is possible she had taken the drug to help her sleep or for some other purpose. However, it is plain she administered an excessive amount of the drug that caused her death.
“She was aware it related to suicide and the probable effect of taking it through her research of many years.
“On balance, it is probable that Jessica took the drug that was responsible for ending her life, and it was her intention to end her life.”
Jessica spent three years working as writer-in-residence at HMP Dartmoor running creative writing sessions. She published a book, Short Sentence: Three Years in Dartmoor Prison, of her experiences in 2016.
In it she told how she walked along a dark alley of Dartmoor prison with an inmate who had been given a life sentence for sexual assault, and the lights went out.
Feeling nervous, she asked: “Why aren’t the lights on?” Then, as she recalled, the man replied: “Don’t worry, Jess, I feel very safe with you.”
The anecdote, told with her typical wit and humour, was one of many from her. Miss Berens thought of the murderers in Dartmoor as being “OK”, she recalled. “The murderers were always polite and up for a long conversation,” she said. “I had helped one with his tapestry and another with finding a computer to work on his dissertation.
An obituary published by The times told how she was born in Kensington, London, in 1959 to the journalist Richard Berens, who edited the William Hickey column at the Daily Express, and Araminta Yarde-Buller, who worked for the Burnbake Trust, which donated household goods to people in need.
She was educated at Hatherop Castle School, followed by Cranborne Chase in Wiltshire. Her parents divorced when she was four; her mother then married the literary agent Michael Russell and the family moved to Wilton, near Salisbury. Her father had several more marriages and children.
As a child, she said, she dismissed reality and escaped into her imagination. Her father — who invented a debutante called Venetia Crust and, according to Miss Berens, “knew the world and its ex-wife” — “was a misogynist, an anti-Semite, a bore and a drunk”, she later wrote. He died penniless in 1998.
She dreaded ending up like him — “drinking and gambling are not funny in a father” — and suffered from depression.
“The daughter of the alcoholic man looks like a fairly normal person, but something is not there,” she wrote. She never married and said that she made bad romantic choices.
In 2018 she wrote an article about the suicide of her friend Lucy Birley, the former wife of Bryan Ferry. “I understood her darkness, and I was not afraid of it, which is one of the reasons why we could speak to each other honestly and meaningfully.”
After school, Miss Berens became a trainee reporter on the Slough & Windsor Express. She then went to Fleet Street, and later joined Tatler and then Vanity Fair in New York.
She went on to work for a rock magazine. Over the years she interviewed the Hollywood actors Rob Lowe, Mel Gibson and Martin Sheen.
But by then she had become disillusioned with journalism: “When I was interviewing Rob Lowe I said, ‘I’m never interviewing a celebrity again. I don’t care if I starve.’ It’s just so boring.”
In 1995 her flat burnt down when a guest left a candle underneath a curtain. Her father would not help her in any way and she never spoke to him again. For a time she lived in a house in Salamanca in Spain, and then California.
She wrote two novels, Queen of the Witches (1993) and The Highwayman (1998), but often found the process exhausting.
“Writing a novel is, in fact, an experience so ghastly that you should not wish it on yourself, your friends, your relatives or anyone about whom you care,” she wrote.
She made extra income by writing erotic novels under a pseudonym. For two years she also worked for the Rehabilitation for Addicted Prisoners Trust, now the Forward Trust, and then for a charity helping prisoners’ wives and families.
She wrote that her relationship with her prisoners was perhaps based on that of a mother: “Most of the time I flew on the fuel of unfathomable instinct, displaced feelings of maternity, perhaps, having had no children, with no regrets.”
In 2002 she moved into a cottage near Stratford-upon-Avon, owned by the Hosking Houses Trust, which helps struggling women novelists, in support of Virginia Woolf’s line: “A woman must have money and a room of her own if she is to write.”
Miss Berens was the first woman writer to benefit from the scheme. “For me, this is like winning the lottery,” she said. She applied to the trust after reading about it in a newspaper. “It said something like ‘Mature lady novelist wanted to fill cottage’, and said misanthropists were welcome. I showed it to my boyfriend and he said it had me written all over it.”
The trust discovered that within 20 minutes of moving in she was writing — “she didn’t even ask where the shops were”.
In 2014 she suffered a life-threatening aneurysm. Later, she took up knitting, saying that it gave her more pleasure than writing, and embarked on a series of “knitted maniacs” such as Kim Jong-un, Colonel Gaddafi and Harold Shipman. Her work was shown at the Port Eliot Festival in 2016. She called the project “Twisted Knits”.
At the time of her death Miss Berens was about to start working as a mentor for former offenders in Plymouth.Four Covid deaths recorded in Pendle in the last week
Covid-19 cases in Pendle have risen again in the last seven days with four deaths recorded.
The age group with the most new cases continues to be 10 –to19 year olds, with 72 cases. This is followed by 30 to 39 year olds with 48 cases and 40 to 49 year olds with 47 cases.
The four deaths recorded this week were within 28 days of a positive test.
The latest seven-day infection rate across Pendle, based on the cases for every 100,000 people, now stands at 388.5. This is up on the 365.7 reported last week.
As we now enter the colder months, the best way to protect yourself and others from Covid-19 is to get vaccinated and follow the latest stay safe advice.
This includes opening windows for short bursts if meeting indoors, wearing face-coverings in crowded spaces, and self-isolating and taking a test if you have symptoms of Covid-19.
If eligible, you can top up your immunity this winter by having both the flu and booster jabs.
The flu virus kills almost 11,000 people and hospitalises tens of thousands more in England in an average year.
So it’s more important than ever to get your flu jab this year, especially given the increased risk of becoming seriously ill if you get flu and Covid-19 at the same time.
For more information about whether you’re eligible for these jabs, and where you can get them in Pendle, visitCan a landlord “open” your mailbox door ” and look into your mailbox just to be nosy?
Get Legal Help Today
Secured with SHA-256 Encryption
Can a landlord “open” your mailbox door ” and look into your mailbox just to be nosy?
Are mailboxes on private property the property of the postal service? Can a landlord peek into your empty car windows to be nosy? Is this legal?
Asked on January 22, 2013 under Real Estate Law, California
Answers:
M.T.G., Member, New York Bar / FreeAdvice Contributing Attorney
Answered 8 years ago | Contributor
You have two different questions here so let's start with the main one. No one - not the landlord or otherwise - can tamper with your mail. It is federal Offense and you can report it to the US Postal Service. As for the peeking in to your car, it is really not the same as peeping Tom laws which are privacy laws. Cars don't really apply unless trespassing on private property also applies. Sounds as if it may be a good time for you to look for another.The […]
Category Archives: Travel
Bait Fish and Coral Colour at the Four Kings
Photo of the Day – Schooling Bait Fish, a Coral Grouper and Soft Corals in Raja Ampat
Raja Mangroves
Picture of the Day – Beautiful Mangroves in Gam Island, Raja Ampat Sunrays stream through the leaves and branches of mangrove trees growing in the waters of Gam Island, Raja Ampat, Indonesia […]
Raja Ampat 2014
Mike just spent three weeks scouting Raja Ampat before our big trip out there in March 2015, here are a few samples of the stunning topside scenery that we will hopefully encounter while we are there. The topside scenery of Raja was stunning as usual and Mike was even able to explore a few places […]
Dolphins – Photo of the Day
Everyone loves spinner dolphins!
Bali Rice Terraces – Photo of the Day
Rice terraces in the Karangasam Regency of Bali, not too far from Amed and Tulamben […]
Photo of the Day – Monkey!
We don’t just take photos underwater, sometimes we even break the camera out of the housing. On a trip to Costa Rica back in the day Mike took this photo of a beautiful White Faced Monkey at the Manuel Antonio National Park Taken with Nikon F90 and Film along with 80-200mm lens, settings not recorded results.
The Priapus Shot procedure is non-invasive and doesn’t carry the heart-health risks that many traditional erectile dysfunction treatments do. The P-Shot uses natural, regenerative cells that are drawn from your bloodstream. These cells are refined to just the right amount using a highly-advanced centrifuge. Male sexual arousal is an intricate process that involves the brain, hormones, emotions, nerves, sexual arousal, muscles and blood vessels. Erectile dysfunction can result from a problem with any of these. PRP will help reverse these symptoms and prevent them from resurfacing.
Other PRP injection therapies at our Tijuana, Mexico clinic include hair loss therapy, facial injections (therapy), shoulder side area of the penis. This will help stimulate blood flow and maintain proper sexual arouse and stabilize erectile function.
Be among the many of our PRP for erectile dysfunction treatment (injections) patients who have experienced the benefits of this non-surgical option for restoring muscle and blood flow that maintain proper erection activity.
cost is $800
Be among the many of our PRP for erectile dysfunction treatment patients who have experienced the benefits of this non-surgical option for restoring muscle and blood flow that maintain proper erection activity. erectile dysfunction treatment is for patients who struggle with maintaining erections or have difficulties with circulation or blood flow conditions., patients will notice improvement in the erection frequency and sexual arouse will be restored. We recommend our patients to undergo testosterone levels along this treatment to help improve the results and establish the best outcome. blood vessel regeneration in the required or affected areas. This proves to be the best procedure for patients who are looking to obtain fast and painless results. erectile dysfunction treatment is $800 USD for 1 session or $1,800 USD for 3 sessions ,.To keep up a successful business, it is important to develop a strong and integrated marketing strategy. Few individuals within the leisure industry of the ’90s had “more power” than Tim Allen In addition to a thriving comedy career and roles in films like The Santa Clause, Galaxy Quest, and Toy Story, he starred on ABC’s Residence Improvement, one of the-watched TV shows of the decade. The key factor to remember is that this – social media will make individuals such as you, and content material marketing will make individuals belief you.
In digital marketing, the interplay price refers to the degree of dedication” between an internet audience with a model or an individual. In outbound marketing, the marketer initiates contact with the shopper through methods reminiscent of TELEVISION, radio and digital show advertising. Pc science (CS) applications tend to focus more on theory and design, whereas Info Technology packages are structured to equip the graduate with expertise in the practical application of expertise options to assist trendy business and user wants.
As above, the financial system consists of the flows of capital that take place between individuals ( personal finance ), governments ( public finance ), and businesses ( company finance ). “Finance” thus research the method of channeling money from savers and traders to entities that want it. Savers and traders have money out there which might earn interest or dividends if put to productive use.
Regardless of the definition, product high quality affects firms’ purchasing selections and profitability. Increasingly more travelers set up their trips round yoga and wellness, whether it’s a week of downward going through canine on the beach, or a much-needed rest at a health-oriented spa resort (the place nutritious food and activities are designed to make visitors really feel like their best selves).
These developmental works targeted on research, infrastructure, and the education discipline of healthcare companies utilizing ICT know-how. A solid digital marketing strategy may be very price-effective for small businesses. Allen’s Residence Improvement character – Tim Taylor – hosts a popular home enchancment present. Concurrent engineering acknowledges that fewer alterations lead to less time and money spent in transferring from design idea to fabricate and from manufacturing to market./cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/36220600/20140719_tcb_sa7_071.JPG.0.jpg).
Apologize in advance for a little audio issues. Apparently it was a bad day to use phones. We are working on correcting those for future episodes.
The podcast has been submitted to iTunes. We will post a link once we see they have accepted it.
More Soccer Podcasts at Blog Talk Radio with Shades of Blue on BlogTalkRadioCargo business at Windsor’s ports is already up substantially this year with a few weeks to go, according to figures released on Thursday.
Volumes at the port to the end of November are up 10 per cent.
The biggest movers this year have been salt, general cargo and Ontario grain, but the port has seen increases in all types of cargo, said David Cree, president and CEO of the Windsor Port Authority.
“Everything’s up and that’s a reflection of the buoyant Windsor economy,” he said.
“Many of the materials moving through the port are destined for local construction and manufacturing.”
For a second straight year, grain is up “significantly” with huge volumes of canola, soybeans and other grains coming into the ADM terminal to be processed for domestic food, plus export overseas, Cree said.
“We’re also expecting a fair amount of stone to come in December for some additional work scheduled on the truck plaza for the Gordie Howe International Bridge,” he said.
Overall, St. Lawrence Seaway cargo volumes are expected to finish ahead of 2016 with a total cargo tonnage from March 20 to Nov. 30 reaching 33.6 million metric tons — up 8.5 per cent compared to the same period in 2016.
Please click here for complete Windsor Star article.1 follower
Business & Organizzatori
Esci
Eventi
Locali popolari
Artisti
I migliori headlinerOkay, enough is enough! You just NEED to check out Babywolf / mochamay and her latest pictures in HQ. This chick is very appealing and arousing, no doubt.
Use the NudoStar forum link right HERE to see Babywolf – mochamay Leaks (28 Photos + 3 Videos) appeared first on Top Sexy ModelsWe Deliver Worldwide | 1 Year Product Guarantee
There are 2 cups for each size. 0.625, 1, 1.25, 1.625, 2 and 2.25 inches.
Simply put on the skin and attach the handle pump and pull the trigger pump to remove the air and watch the skin rise into the cup.
The pump can be removed and the cups will remain in place
Adding product to your basket5 o’CLOCK SOMEWHERE
Everything You Need for the Perfect Bar Cart
Mix yourself a drink with the best bar essentials
Bar carts came into their own as essential home décor within the last several years. A well-put together bar cart has become a desirable feature for a cute apartment living room, or for a chic outdoor living space. Maybe a decade ago it would have…Experience the journey of the Māori! Explore the stunning Rotorua lakes district them all in a single day with our unique Duck Tour & Whakarewarewa Combo.
Soak up authentic cultural experience at Whakarewarewa – the Living Māori Village and then enjoy the stunning Rotorua’s lakefront view with dinner via Lakeland Queen.
Take the opportunity to enjoy the authentic Māori village and fabulous Rotorua lake views.Newport Beach-based CureDuchenne’s annual Napa in Newport wine auction and dinner barely beat the Covid closures last year when the fundraiser brought in $1 million during the 2020 event held on February 29.
The pandemic postponed this year’s Napa in Newport, but it’s returning next month, bigger and better than ever.
CureDuchenne and Vintner Chair Bryant Estate host the Seventh Annual Napa in Newport Wine Auction and Dinner on Saturday, November 6, at the Waldorf Astoria Monarch Beach Resort in Dana Point.
This acclaimed event brings together renowned Napa Valley vintners, wine collectors, and prominent philanthropists from the Orange County area to raise funds for CureDuchenne, a global nonprofit aimed at saving the lives of 300,000 children and young adults living with Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
Duchenne muscular dystrophy is a fatal genetic disease. It is the most common and severe form of muscular dystrophy. Patients are typically diagnosed as toddlers, lose the ability to walk in their early-teens and often succumb to the disease in their mid-20s.
For this year’s Napa n Newport, more than 45 of Napa’s finest wineries together will offer a grand tasting of coveted rare wines. Guests are treated to vintner hosted dining tables, an exquisite celebrity chef-designed dinner menu from Chef Chris Shepherd, named one of the 10 Best New Chefs in America by Food & Wine in 2013 and was awarded the 2014 James Beard Award for Best Chef: Southwest.
A spirited live auction will feature collectable wines, exotic getaways and once-in-a-lifetime experiences.
Renowned sommelier Michael Jordan is the wine curator for Napa in Newport. He’s incredibly knowledgeable about wine, and for good reason: Jordan holds a Master Sommelier diploma from the Court of Master Sommeliers as well as a Certified Wine Educator diploma from the Society of Wine Educators. He is one of only 15 people in the world to hold both diplomas.
He has helped assemble an impressive list of vintners, including Alpha Omega, Darioush, Hundred Acre, Opus One, OVID, and many others.
One participating vintner has local ties: Riverain co-founder Steve Nordhoff is the founding attorney of Nordhoff Bengfort, a Newport Beach based legal firm, while partner Dean Gray and his wife Laurie live in Newport Beach (Laurie shoots many of the photos for the Riverain labels).
To date, invitees and donors to Napa in Newport have helped raise more than $6 million for CureDuchenne. Founded in Newport Beach by parents of a son living with Duchenne, CureDuchenne employs an innovative venture philanthropy model to fund groundbreaking research for a cure and support programs for those living with the disease, while advocating for early diagnosis and better access to treatments.
Individual tickets are still available. For more information on tickets, sponsorships and participating vintners, visit..
In line with its commitment to accelerating professionalisation in women’s football, FIFA has opened a call for research submissions for a forthcoming journal on sports science and medicine in women’s football. To further drive scientific and medical advances and understanding within the women’s game, FIFA and adidas have teamed up  »
CAF Women’s Champions League – COSAFA qualifiers draw held!
On Thursday, July 29, 2021, the draw for the COSAFA qualifying tournament of TotalEnergies CAF Women’s Champions League was held in Johannesburg. The ceremony was led by the COSAFA Secretary General, Sue Destombes with the participation of coaches from committed clubs. Seven countries are participating in this first edition »
Gokulam Kerala FC to play AFC Women’s Club Championship in Jordan!
Gokulam Kerala FC will play the AFC Women’s Club Championship 2021 – Pilot Tournament at Amman in Jordan from November 7 to 12. The Kerala-based club has been grouped among the league winners from hosts Jordan, Uzbekistan, and Iran. Gokulam Kerala FC will face the Amman Club in its first …Read More »
Martine Rose Pays Homage to the Fearless Spirit of Football Pioneers!
Under »
Gokulam Kerala FC president VS Praveen: Proud to represent India in AFC Women’s Club Championship!
With Gokulam Kerala FC all set to represent India in the AFC Women’s Club Championship – Pilot Tournament, Gokulam Kerala FC president VC Praveen feels proud at the achievement, having won the Indian Women’s League in 2020. Speaking about his club’s wins in both the women’s and the men’s leagues, …Read More »
Grifols becomes official partner of UEFA Women’s Football!
UEFA have announced that Grifols, a leading global producer of plasma-derived medicines, has become an official partner of UEFA Women’s Football, starting from the 2021/22 season and running until 2025. Under the four-season partnership, Grifols will become the exclusive healthcare company partner of UEFA Women’s Football at all tournament levels,  »
CAF Women’s Champions League WAFU B draw kicks-off a new era!
The first draw of the novel TotalEnergies CAF Women’s Champions League Zonal Qualifiers took place on Monday, July 5 in Abidjan, Cote d’Ivoire with two groups of three teams each ready to battle for the one available slots to the final tournament in Egypt later this year. Ivorian champions Onze …Read More »If you’re struggling to sell more managed services contracts – or if you want to get in the game and start promoting managed services to your clients – listen up. I’ve worked with thousands of computer consultants and routinely see them commit one major mistake in their MSP marketing plan.
This minor oversight kills any chance of convincing new (and existing!) customers to purchase managed services — and wastes their precious time and investment in the process.
It’s not an obvious mistake in their managed services marketing campaigns — like a missing headline, offer, or testimonials. It’s emotional logic and persistence.
Change The Conversation In Your MSP Marketing Plan
Too often, MSPs focus on what managed services is and what it does in their marketing messaging. That won’t convince anyone to do anything. Heck, most won’t take 3 seconds to read your flyer.
To connect with MSP leads, you have to understand where they’re coming from, and apply that emotional intelligence across your MSP marketing plan.
Use these proven tips for more targeted and effective MSP marketing messaging:
Tap Into Customer Motivations:
Successful sales boils down to understanding human motivations. People purchase for self-serving reasons. They don’t buy because they should, because it’s right, or because they need it. If that were the case, we’d all buy (and eat) healthy food, take our vitamins, invest for retirement, and kick bad habits that keep us sick, broke, and fat.
When selling managed IT services, you first have to ask: What would motivate someone to buy this type of service? There are two primary MSP personas you need to acknowledge in your plan:
Crisis Mode Customers
If a company experiences constant network problems, they’re more likely to buy. For this type of client, you have to demonstrate why they should trust you to solve their pain over all other available options.
This is why I strongly recommend a stay-in-touch marketing system for all unconverted MSP leads. You don’t know when their network will finally break, so you want to constantly stay in touch. That way, they’ll think of you when it eventually does OR when their current IT person has committed the “last straw.”
Complacent Customers
But what about the client who is NOT experiencing problems? Why would they buy managed services? What would motivate them to “fix” something that ain’t broke?
In a sense, these types of managed IT services leads need to be “scared straight.” They need to be educated about the devastating problems that can crop up when a network is not maintained, secured, and monitored. They must feel uneasy about their data security and network health and “see” how a fatal crash would affect their business. It’s your job to convince them YOU are the one to help them avoid these fatal outcomes.
Here are two example email marketing messages for this type of persona from my Million-Dollar Managed Services Marketing Blueprint:
Educate to Win in MSP Sales
The sales landscape has shifted. You can no longer feed people messages you want them to hear. Competition for managed IT services leads is fiercer than ever, and buyers now have the upper hand.
If you want prospects to read your marketing and act on it, you’ll need to take the time to educate the client in a powerful, convincing, and interesting way. You can accomplish this by incorporating seminars, teleseminars, thought leadership articles, audio recordings, long sales letters, or free reports in your MSP marketing plan.
If you do that and constantly hammer your message home, they will (eventually) reach the purchase tipping point. I don’t know when, and some MSP customers will take longer than others. But the key is to consistently do the right things, in the right way, long enough to have impact.
Break The Mold And Sell More Managed Services Contracts
Transitioning from a break-fix to managed services model is not easy. Without targeted, consistent messaging in place, you will likely lose out to another MSP who’s there when the need arises.
I’ve helped thousands of computer consultants and MSPs emerge from the trenches and build sustainable managed services revenue models.
Are you ready to do the same?
My Million-Dollar Managed Services Marketing Blueprint exposes actual campaigns and strategies that other small computer consultants have used to double or triple their annual revenue, launch a profitable managed services practice, and transform the way they do business.
In this program, you’ll also learn:
- How to avoid wasting thousands of dollars on marketing campaigns that don’t work. I’ll reveal the exact marketing media proven to work best when marketing IT services.
- How to position yourself as the most “in demand” IT consultant in your area with the highest fees and still get more business than cheaper competitors.
- The 3 critical characteristics you must develop to unlock a flood of new MSP sales and business opportunities. These have nothing to do with your marketing, the type of clients you serve, the way you price your services, or your competition.
- Auto-pilot marketing systems that will cut the time and effort of selling managed services in half while virtually eliminating cheap clients. This is price-shopper pest control for your business!
- How to get every ad, sales letter, brochure marketing campaign, website – and even your business card – to generate two to three times as many leads and sales.
- What type of marketing media is the BEST for promoting your computer consulting services, and which ones will waste your time, drain your bank account, and leave you disappointed and frustrated.
We provide you the necessary training, MSP marketing plan and managed services business model that works. You can implement these out-of-the-box resources on your own to increase monthly recurring revenue.
From a managed service business plan, to a proposal, and even managed services contracts, we have it all. Sign up today, and let Technology Marketing Toolkit help your managed services business succeed!Jeremy Halska, CERP
VP Of Sales and Operations
Lindsey Saxon, CERP
Brand/Content Marketing Manager
Suzanne Chandler, CERP
Market Manager
Joe Getts, CERP
Sales Operations Manager
Pamela Lord,CERP
Event Consultant
Lisa Mucha
Event Consultant
Pamela Lord
Inside Sales Representative
GENERAL INQUIRIES
1240 Woodward Heights, Ferndale, MI 48220
Call or Text us
313.309.9000<<The South African love affair with the shortest form of cricket truly blossomed during the inaugural Twenty20 World Cup in 2007—won, of course, by India. The format is ideal in a country where Test cricket is still regarded as the top form of the game by players, analysts and experts, but largely ignored by the mass market. Even the recent thrilling Test series against Australia could not ensure a full house every day.
In contrast, within a week of the first tranche of tickets for the IPL (games until the end of April) going on sale, the opening round of double-headers was sold out. Nyaniso Sam, one of the South African organisers for the IPL, said of the sales, "It's been beyond expectations". Apart from price and simplicity, a sporting culture and promotional success might be added to the list of reasons why locals are flocking to the IPL. South African football fans are used to buying tickets at the gate, whereas there is a greater culture of pre-booking tickets among cricket lovers.John Adams Leisure Ltd
Stand Number: N6
Member
With over 50 years trading history, John Adams Leisure Limited is a highly successful, multi-category company, synonymous with the development and marketing of innovative toys and games.
Our diverse portfolio incorporates many nostalgic and established brands, including Rubik’s, Ideal Games, John Adams Creative Play, Action Science, Fuzzy-Felt, Tiny Tears, Girl’s World, and Intex.
Our products are of the highest quality and have been carefully developed to offer enormous play value.
We develop many new innovative products every year under key categories including; Craft, Dolls, Pre-School Toys, Science, Games and Outdoor.Assuming the local high school football season is played in 2020, there will be a couple of new coaches patrolling the sidelines at Maryland Interscholastic Athletic Association A Conference games in the fall.
Calvert Hall brought in alum Josh Ward after longtime coach Donald Davis stepped down following the 2019 season. The Cardinals lost to eventual champion Mount Saint Joseph in the conference semifinals, and Davis took the head coaching job at Sidwell Friends.
The situation is the same at Mount Saint Joseph as the program begins its A Conference title defense. The Gaels beat McDonogh, 17-10, in the championship game at Archbishop Spalding — the first time Mount Saint Joseph got at least a piece of the title since the school shared it with Loyola Blakefield in 2007.
Head coach Rich Holzer left and took the head coaching job at Northern-Calvert, which opened the door for longtime MIAA coach Dom Damico. The veteran coach said he’s not nervous about taking over a talented championship team but wants to keep everything running smoothly.
“I’m going to keep things that are working at high levels still [that way] and try to get everything else at high levels,” Damico said. “The talent base is there. There’s an abundance of talent. All the ingredients are there. I want to keep it where it is and not just make it a one-year thing.”
Damico brings a wealth of coaching experience to the Gaels. He spent 24 seasons at McDonogh and came away with at least a share of eight MIAA championships. Overall, Damico has a 173-98 record, and he’s one of the all-time winningest coaches for high school football in the state.
Mount Saint Joseph athletic director Kraig Loovis said in a recent statement, “Dom’s experience and winning ways will surely elevate The Mount’s football program, and we are excited to get started under his leadership. I am confident that the Mount’s football program is in good hands.”
Damico stepped down from McDonogh after the 2017 season and did not coach the next season. Last year, he worked as the defensive coordinator for 2018 Class 3A state champion Franklin in Baltimore County. In addition to his duties as the football coach at Mount Saint Joseph, Damico will also be a part-time physical education teacher.
Damico said he was delighted at the way the Gaels worked together last year en route to the championship and beat an undefeated McDonogh team in the title contest. The new Mount Saint Joseph coach is confident that last year’s success will contribute to the chemistry of this year’s team.
“There is a permanent bond for those kids,” Damico said.
Damico has plenty of playmakers on the offensive side of the ball. Quarterback Billy Atkins and wide receivers Dont’e Thornton, Tyler Wilkins, A.C. Crawley and Semaj Henson should make the Gaels dangerous whenever they have the ball.
Plus, Damico said he doesn’t plan a complete overhaul. He has a proven, successful way of doing things and plans to stick with that.
As they say, if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.
“I don’t feel pressure anymore,” Damico said. “I’ve been doing it for too long. I just [trust] the process. I just keep plugging that process. I’ve had success … and I expect it to continue.”
Ward walks into a similar situation at Calvert Hall. The Cardinals played well most of the season last year before Mount Saint Joseph handed them a 35-0 loss in the A Conference semifinal in November.
Ward comes back home — where he played on the varsity squad as a defensive lineman before graduating in 2004 — following three years as the head coach at Concordia Prep in the MIAA B Conference. The Saints had records of 5-5, 9-3 and 4-5 during his three seasons. He also served as the athletic director at Concordia Prep.
This will be Ward’s first coaching stint in the A Conference, but he said he’s ready for the task.
“There’s a good group of guys there,” Ward said. “It’s always pressure. It’s my alma mater. It’s a premier league, and it’s one of the best in the state.”
Ward has a simple goal in mind — find the right coaches and players for the program. Calvert Hall will enter the 2020 season with plenty of talent.
“A lot of it is the depth,” Ward said. “We’ve got a lot of talent coming back on both sides of the ball. We’re going to have Calvert Hall alum coaching. … We’re all pulling together to win the MIAA A Conference.”
Calvert Hall has had a number of famed and successful coaches, most recently Davis. But now the job belongs to Ward, who understands the school and program having played for the Cardinals in the past. Now, he wants to take the program to the next level.
“I just want to leave my mark … there,” Ward said. “I just want to one day be talked about like [the great] coaches like [Augie] Miceli. We are not going to get outcoached, outworked or outhustled.”
Photo Credits: Courtesy of Mount Saint Joseph and Concordia PrepEarth Day Art Contest
To celebrate Earth Day, Missouri State Parks is sponsoring a virtual art contest for youth pre-kindergarten through grade 12. The theme of the contest is “Earth Day Art in Missouri State Parks.”
Artwork can be any medium and must be submitted as a JPEG image. The deadline for submittal is April 30th and the first 500 submittals will receive a Missouri State Parks Nature Journal.
A Grand Prize Director’s Choice Award will be given for the top artwork and will include a $50 gift card to Missouri State Parks. First, Second and Third place winners in each age category receive a medal and honorable mention receive a certificate.
Winning artwork will be displayed on the Missouri State Parks Facebook and Flickr pages and displayed at the Missouri State Museum the month of June.Specialty Desserts
When You're Good; You're Good.
That's what
Specialty Desserts
are all about.
You can order 24-hours ahead and pick up at our storefront bakery.
If you're really serious, hire our dessert trailer loaded with YUM.
Maddalena's CheeseCake on a stick
Bacon Topped CheeseCake on a stick Featured on The Cooking Channel "Carnival Eats"
Maddalenas Apple Pie `a la mode
Maddalenas Chookie
Chookie Featured on the Food Network Great American Food Finds
Maddalenas CheeseCake filled Cannoli
Maddalenas Bacon Topped CheeseCake
Bacon Topped Cheesecake on a stick Featured on The Cooking Channel "Carnival Eats"
Maddalena's Best of Allentown Fair
Maddalenas Bacon topped CheeseCake 2
Maddalenas Toasted Coconut
"Sparkee & Matt" at Maddalena's
Keep Scrolling for Decorated CheeseCakes & Award Winning Apple Crumb Pie
Decorated CheeseCakes
Let the people around you know how you feel about them.
By Janet
By Yuki
Rose Crescent
Delight-Filled Cakes
Happy I'm Me Cakes
Congratulations Cakes
Holiday Cakes
Happy Birthday Cakes
TWINS
7" layer
8" layer
10" layer
12" layer
14" layer
16" layer
Serves 6 - 8 $ 45
Serves 10 - 12 $ 55
Serves 16 - 20 $ 70
Serves 25 - 35 $ 45
Serves 35 - 45 $110
Serves 55 - 65 $125
Winner
of
pie Wars
Peoples
Choice
Allentown Fair
2017
Incannex Healthcare Ltd (ASX: IHL) shares are up again today as the company announced its new CBD-based drug is more effective in treating rheumatoid arthritis than currently available medications.
The Incannex share price opened nearly 15% higher than yesterday’s close after the news broke. It has since dropped back to 22.5 cents, representing a 9.76% gain for the day so far.
Incannex is a pharmaceutical development company working on the commercialisation of medical cannabis and psychedelic medicine therapies.
Here’s a closer look at what the company announced today.
Rheumatoid arthritis treatment breakthrough
The Incannex share price is surging higher today after the company heralded another research program for its new drug IHL-675A following positive results in a pre-clinical study.
The company’s latest study found the drug is up to 3.5 times more effective at reducing arthritis than common treatments currently on market.
Currently, the main treatment for rheumatoid arthritis is hydroxychloroquine (HCQ), marketed as Plaquenil. The company noted long term use of HCQ has been linked to increased cardiovascular mortality.
Incannex’s new treatment is a combination of cannabidiol (CBD) and HCQ. By combining CBD And HCQ, the amount of HCQ needed to treat arthritis can be reduced up to 10-fold, resulting in fewer side effects for patients.
In further news boosting the Incannex share price, the new drug also showed potential for treating other types of inflammation. The study demonstrated it to have “potent anti-inflammatory activity” when treating inflammatory lung conditions such as asthma and bronchitis, as well as colitis.
Incannex plans to market IHL-675A in key global markets, including the United States, Europe, Japan and Israel. It has filed an International Patent Application and plans to pursue US Food and Drug Administration registration, subject to the ongoing success of clinical trials.
Commentary from management
Incannex Healthcare CEO and managing director Joel Latham said IHL-675A has the potential to be a breakthrough in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. He commented:
Hydroxychloroquine is an established medication for rheumatoid arthritis and IHL-675A has been demonstrated to outperform it at reducing disease severity in an animal model.
The benefit of the CBD and hydroxychloroquine combination in IHL-675A is potent. The observation that IHL-675A was as effective or better than a standard dose of hydroxychloroquine, even though it contained 90% less drug, is an exciting result for the Company.
Incannex share price snapshot
Over the past 12 months, the Incannex share price has risen by more than 460%. The company’s shares are also up by 50% year to date.
Based on the current Incannex share price, the company has a market capitalisation of around $217 million with approximately 1 billion shares outstanding.Brand Strategy, Social Media, Creative, Community Management
Capital One is one of America’s most recognizable financial brands, renowned for the diversity of its credit card offerings and memorable advertising led by a colorful cast of characters. Capital One, like many brands, places a heavy emphasis on reaching out to its next generation of customers—college students.
For nearly a decade, Capital One’s flagship vehicle for reaching college students was the Capital One Mascot Challenge—a multichannel marketing vehicle through which people were invited to vote for their favorite college mascots throughout the season, culminating with the Capital One Bowl Game. In its ninth year of the game, Capital One asked Elasticity to reenergize the program, bringing to bear a new focus on using social media to connect with the college demographic—something that had proved elusive to date.
Elasticity leveraged an integrated program, harnessing an aggressive social media campaign, reaching out to influential organizations and media, creating partnerships with celebrity athletes and universities, as well as initiating a thoughtful paid media program to raise awareness and drive engagement. We developed a microsite and Facebook platform designed to entertain and encourage visitors to vote for their favorite mascots. Throughout the season, Elasticity used a promotional calendar of humorous and entertaining content to spark interest each week, led by lighthearted videos of the mascots themselves as they toured the country.Episode 1: Welcome to The ChiroPractice Pro Podcast
In each episode, you’ll find a free resource here. In future episodes we have SOAP note guidelines, example exams, and ways to dominate search results in your area. Look for it in this section in future episodes.
Dr. Joshua Eldridge: Welcome to episode one of the ChiroPractice Pro podcast. In this episode, we discuss what ChiroPractice Pro is, how integration works and what is in store for the upcoming episodes of the ChiroPractice Pro podcast. Today’s guest is Peter Eldridge. Peter is an engineer who has developed the software behind ChiroPractice Pro. He is a co-founder and a member of the original team. Quick fun fact about Pete, when I was two years old, he spun me around the kitchen, tripped, fell on top of me and broke my right femur. I was in a body cast for two months.
Part of the reason Pete helped me get started with ChiroPractice Pro was because he felt bad about this and felt he needed to help me and continue to pay penance for the injury, just kidding about the penance. Pete and I have been friends for a long time, and we both have a passion to bring the best technology to providers in their offices as we become partners with those using ChiroPractice Pro. For more information and to see the show notes for this episode, visit us at chiropracticepro.com/episode1. Now here’s our guest, Peter Eldridge. Alright, Pete, welcome to the ChiroPractice Pro podcast. Glad to have you on board.
Peter Eldridge: Good to be here.
Dr. Joshua Eldridge: Tell me about the origins of ChiroPractice Pro and how it got started.
Peter Eldridge: About 2004, you just started a new practice or took over a practice and were looking to find a way to expand and to get a digital office system into your practice. You came to me and were trying to figure out how to do that. You’d researched online and had seen what was out there. There was a lot of expense involved, some of it didn’t do what you really wanted it to do. You really came to me and said, “Hey, how can we do this?” So we kind of talked about it and discussed it and came up with sort of a plan on how to do that.
We started implementing it, and I think during that time, a gym had come to you and said, “Hey, we want you to come expand and service some of the clients that we have in the gym.” We weree trying to figure out how do we make this mobile? How do we make it so that wherever you have internet access, we can have access to our data in our program, and be able to share notes and schedules across the internet? That’s kind of how this all was born and really out of necessity, and a drive to see something that could really be used and that was affordable.
Dr. Joshua Eldridge: I think one of the biggest issues that I was having was technically, it’s a HIPAA violation to take written notes in between facilities unless you have them secured properly and I had no real way of doing that. That was one of my biggest problems to start was just like you said, just practical and definitely came up with some good solutions. Tell me a little bit about what the purpose of ChiroPractice Pro is, and why are we here? What’s going on?
Peter Eldridge: We had a great tagline when we started. It was, “The best office system at a price you can afford.” And that’s what we want to be. We want to be the very best office system that we can be, and we want to be something that’s affordable so that everybody can use it. One of the things that I look at when I see the different doctors who come in to and ask us for help is that there are different programs out there, but what I want our system to be unique in doing is it needs to be efficient for you, and it’s got to be something that you can use that will help you, that will save you time, it will save you money. If it doesn’t do that, then you shouldn’t be doing our program or any program that’s not saving you time, making you more efficient with your office and your staff and your client.
Dr. Joshua Eldridge: Yeah, I think that goes right into our next question. What’s going on with ChiroPractice Pro, and what’s new? What are some of the ways that you’re taking that vision and we’re implementing it into the new ChiroPractice Pro?
Peter Eldridge: Yes, we’ve been in a process over the last few months of launching this Windows X program. What it does, it gives the user more control over the data and how they see the data. We’ve moved away from the standard web design, and it’s really the way of the future for us. It’s being able to control your data, see your data and use your data in the most efficient way.
Dr. Joshua Eldridge: On that note, as a doctor and I’m doing notes, I don’t necessarily want to get involved with what the front desk is doing when I’m actually seeing patients. When I’m seeing patients, I want to be focused on seeing patients. I don’t want have to worry about running credit cards and getting involved in rescheduling and things like that. My goal is to just see patients so the way that we have the new Windows X set up is that when I’m in there and I’m logged in, I see exactly what I need to see when I’m seeing patients.
Now, when I step back and I want to be that doctor that’s taking a look at my practice overall, now, I can bring up other of those windows to see what’s going on as far as reports and maybe communications. But I think that’s the coolest part of that is when I’m in there, and I’m doing my job as a doctor, I can focus on that and I can see exactly what I need to see.
Peter Eldridge: Yeah, and what we’ve done is taken all clutter away from the user, so that you can focus exactly on what you want. The front desk doesn’t have to know how to take a note. The front desk doesn’t necessarily need to know all the reports that you’re going to want to see as a as a doctor and as a business person. You can isolate what people are viewing and you can isolate what you’re viewing so that you can see exactly what you need to see.
Dr. Joshua Eldridge: What are these windows? How do they function, and what do they look like?
Peter Eldridge: Think of your desktop on your computer, your PC or your Mac, and you’ve got different programs that reside in different windows. What we’ve done with our system is take the different functions of ChiroPractice Pro. We’re talking about the patient data, the reports, the schedule, the notes, the communication, got us a couple new windows that we’re introducing, one that shows you your practice in a glance and shows you all your alerts and reminders and those things all in one spot so that you can see those. Each one of these windows talks to each other as well. So you get this integration throughout the whole system, so that you are focusing on what you need to do and letting the program do what it does which is keep track of all your data.
Dr. Joshua Eldridge: Yeah, that’s one of my favorite parts about the new windows. Everything talks to each other. It’s so quick to do a SOAP note as far as the doctor goes. I can see what’s coming next, I can see who’s checked in, but it’s all just right there and in real time. I don’t have to click around through a system, and it’s not clunky which is great. Just on that note that I find fascinating about ChiroPractice Pro is its ability to integrate with different parts of the system. Can you give some of the ways that you’ve seen as far as ChiroPractice Pro really shine with integration maybe for a practice, and then also in between these windows, how they can integrate, or in between the exam and billing, what are some great examples?
Peter Eldridge: Let’s talk about exams and billing. There’s a lot of integration between exams and billing, so that when you’re a doctor taking a note and you’re prescribing the plan that you have for your patient, whether it be a CMT or whether it be modalities or even further than that, X-rays or whatever, when you’re taking your note, clicking on those buttons that say, “I’m doing an X-ray right now.” That will go directly into the billing so it that shows up in the patient’s ledger that you’ve done an X-ray today, or that you’ve done modalities, or you’ve done your manipulative therapy.
That’s the power in that so that you’re not doing it twice, you’re not filling out a super bill, you’re not doing that. Then the front desk’s got to take that, and do some things. A great example of another area that we do, this is with reports and communication. We had a client who came to us and said, “We’re doing this travel card, but it’s taking so much time every day to generate these travel cards.” So one of the things we did was we took a report, we generated a report based on who they were seeing that day.
We were able to give that to him in a printed form, so all they had to do is run that report, push it to the communications area, and then immediately print all that stuff so that they could immediately have their travel cards. It had all their information that they had on there. The last visits that they were there, the insurance company that they were doing. It made something that they were taking hours a day to do, this integration across the windows between the schedule, the communications and the reports made those hours worth of time a day into minutes and seconds.
Dr. Joshua Eldridge: I think that gets into the next part, in case people are thinking that all of our clients print notes and things like that, that’s not the case. But we’re big into customization for each office. How does that work, the customization, and how are different doctors using the system differently? Do you have some examples of that?
Peter Eldridge: Sure. We have lots of different clients who are using specifically Notes. Notes is a great way. When first started, we thought, “Wow, okay. We’re going to publish a SOAP note, and an exam and everybody’s just going to use that.” But we found out that people do things just a little bit different. Whether it’s by training or just by their experience, they’ve grown to be able to do their business and their care in a certain way. What we wanted to do was be able to capture that. What we did early on was integrate this optimization and customization for a specific clinic. With Notes, the way that you take the notes, so if you want to see a bunch of buttons down the side, we can do that. If you want to write out text or even talk to the computer and have the computer dictate to you, that’s another way that’s possible through the system. Also, the way that you view the exam.
Once the documentation is done and the exam is complete, how you view that. Some people like it more verbose type documentation where it’s in sentences, we can do that. Some people like it concise and to fit on a small little table that just shows exactly what they’ve done, so it just got an S and O and A and a P, and it shows each one of those just concise. What we try to not do is dictate the way that you’re doing your business. What we want to do is become a partner to you and say, “How are you doing things? How can we help you do what you’re doing more efficiently, so that you can spend more time caring for your patients and not worrying about how the system works and making what you’re doing fit with the system. We want the system to kind of coincide with what you’re doing and fit with your business.
Dr. Joshua Eldridge: And hopefully as we go along too, we’ve learned a lot of different things from different offices. We can also help you understand how the system works. That’s part of our training is just to help you get started the right way with ChiroPractice Pro and understand how it works as well. That’s one of the things we’re trying to do too.
Peter Eldridge: Yeah, let me touch on something else as far as customizations go. The other thing that we say is our reports are fully customizable. What we try to do there is take reports that you have or things that you need to see out of your system, whether it be scheduled data or billing data, employee data, all of these things that are in the system and being kept tracked by the system can be output in a form that you can use, and that you can see every day. These are living and growing reports, so it’s not a static report. It’s growing and knowing exactly what you’re doing throughout the day, and at the end of the day, and the month, and the year that you have. It’s a powerful part of our program is the customization ability of it.
Dr. Joshua Eldridge: Along with doing the customization and trying to be a partner with chiropractors and other providers as well, we have more than just chiropractors onboard. Why are we so upfront with the pricing? How does that work, and what does our pricing look like?
Peter Eldridge: We’ve got several tiers of pricing that we do. We’ve got a price structure for a doctor coming straight out of college. We’ve also got one for an established doctor, we’ve got one for the more advanced doctor as well, somebody who wants all the bells and whistles and and everything that we can offer as far as customization, so we break it up into tiers. What we do is we tell you, “This is our price, that’s it. There’s no additional cost for transferring data, there’s no additional cost for customization, there’s no additional cost for training, there’s no additional cost for support.”
We found that that’s unique in this space that we’re in. There’s a lot of programs out there that will tell you this is how much it cost, but on the back end, they start feeding fees into you that you don’t know about. Everything that you get with ChiroPractice Pro comes with the price that you pay. There’s nothing additional to that. Here’s an anecdote that we had earlier on. We did our research and we called 20 different companies out there that were doing medical records and medical office systems. We wanted to find out what the competition was like. We came up with a set of 20 questions that we could ask each one of these.
It was funny to see at the end of the test that we had calling all of these systems, we found that there was a lot of hidden fees in a lot of places. In fact, one company actually threatened to sue us if we publish the data that we had. That was shocking to us that they didn’t want what they told us to be published.
Dr. Joshua Eldridge: I have a friend that’s using this system. I think it’s actually that same system. He told me he had to purchase the server, and then he had to purchase the actual program which was over 10 grand, and then he has to pay a monthly fee. We’ve got our communication and you can process credit cards through our system, you can do all of those really cool things that integrate in with the practice. Each one of those, if he wants to do them, cost an additional amount of money. Then he got hacked last year which anybody can get hacked, but then he had to pay another $10,000 to the hackers to get his system back. It was just amazing that that’s what he was doing.
Peter Eldridge: Yeah, and that goes to a second part of this. We’re required by HIPAA as the doctors are, to secure this data. We have several methods of securing the data through different protocols, security protocols that we have. There’s obligations on us. If you’ve got your own server inside your own clinic that you’ve got to maintain, that’s a lot of work. It’s a lot of effort to upgrade and maintain that. We take that out of your hands, it’s a cloud-based system so that you can access your system anywhere that you have internet access. What we want you to know is that we’re taking obligation on too as far as HIPAA goes, but we also understand that it’s saving the doctor and the clinic a lot of time and effort.
Dr. Joshua Eldridge: Absolutely.
Peter Eldridge: With the pricing, we’ve been talking about making sure that we can get our system out to other chiropractors. What are some things that you’re doing with the marketing effort and how are you getting ChiroPractice Pro out to new doctors.
Dr. Joshua Eldridge: Absolutely. Some of the stuff that we’re trying to do from a marketing standpoint is to start adding value back to the chiropractic community. What I mean by this is our goal is to make it easy for providers, just like we’ve been talking about the ChiroPractice Pro system. We want our marketing to go along with that. One of the things we don’t do is we don’t do flashy ads, and we don’t cold call offices. It’s not what we’re about. We’re trying to start adding really great information. Practicing is hard enough, but when you don’t have the answers, it can be even tougher. If you’re coming out of school and you’ve only written SOAP notes in school and you’re seeing your first patient, we want you to know that SOAP notes that you’re doing, that you’re going to get paid for one, and second that you’re going to meet the legal standard.
Some of the things that we’re trying to do with our program is to give people information to make sure they know how to do all these things, not only good, but be the best at it. That same doctor that I talked about the server, one of the things that he always says to me is, “I don’t know if I’m doing it right. I don’t know if I’m doing exams right. I don’t know if I’m doing SOAP notes right.” to meet the legal standard and in case he gets audited. What we want to do is we want to help you know that you’re doing it right and to be the best at it.
Some of the stuff that we’re trying to do is we put together podcasts for our community. It’s to help you not only excel in documentation, but also in marketing. In our fifth session that we’ve had, we sat down with a guy, his name’s Dr. Derek Baron from The Doctors Marketing Source. He talked about dominating Google Search. I was just blown away about how simple he made this seem and how simple it is. He just laid it out step by step. The other one that we had in our first episode, Dr. Warren Jan, was he talks about making your SOAP notes shine. He gave us a practical guide to daily documentation.
This is a great way that you’re going to be able to do your notes, and again meet the legal minimum standard that you need to do, and make it shine. As our goal as a company, what we’re trying to do is give you the best possible information to make your practice a success. We just think that on top of this, that ChiroPractice Pro is a great partner in this. A lot of things that we talk about in our podcast, it also links up with the system. It’s really kind of cool how ChiroPractice Pro helps to integrate a lot of these practical steps that we talked about on the podcast.
That’s one of our main things that we’re doing now, and this is the introduction of that podcast. We’re glad you’re here listening. If you’re finding this someplace else, and you want to listen to the rest of the podcast, head over to chiropracticepro.com/podcast and you can listen into those. That’s kind of our main focus from our marketing is giving back to our chiropractic community and other provider communities as well that need to learn about some of these basic functions of being a doctor, but putting your mind at ease and doing it right.
Peter Eldridge: I agree with you in that what we’re trying to do is bring a system to the market that is efficient, it saves you money, it’s going to save you time and also brings a lot of value to the community, to your practice, to the people you care for.
Dr. Joshua Eldridge: Yeah, that sounds great. I know that we’ve already talked about doing some other practical podcasts coming up in some future episodes. Pete, look forward to having you back on in the future and looking forward to kicking this podcast off so that our community can see amazing things in their practice and their future. Thanks for joining us.
Peter Eldridge: Thank You.
Dr. Joshua Eldridge: Thanks for joining us on the ChiroPractice Pro podcast. To find out more information, make sure you visit us at chiropracticepro.com/episode1 to find the show notes and more information. Join us next time right here on the ChiroPractice Pro podcast as we talk to Dr. Warren Jan about doing the best SOAP notes possible. Thank you for joining us and we’ll see you next time right here on the ChiroPractice Pro podcast.
Podcast: Play in new window | Downloadsubmitted by ASICmachine to CryptoCurrencyClassic [link] [comments]
submitted by ASICmachine to CryptoCurrencyClassic [link] [comments]
submitted by Ranzware to BitNewsLive [link] [comments]
submitted by CrayCJ to FreeKarma4U [link] [comments]
When Satoshi created Bitcoin, he anticipated that all nodes would also be miners. In the event, mining has become commoditized, leading to the separation of miners and nodes. As a result, most ... Mining is the method through which Bitcoin is secured Because many miners are adding new hashpower, over the last few years blocks have often been found at 9.5 minute intervals rather than 10. This creates new bitcoins faster, so on most days there are actually more than 900 new bitcoins created. In 2013, the CEO of MicroStrategy was not crazy about Bitcoin. Michael Saylor predicted the same fate for him as online betting, considering his days to be numbered. In 2020, his company holds $ 425 million worth of bitcoin. The Internet has memory. And this one came to remember Michael Saylor, CEO of software company […] What is Cryptocurrency Mining? Bitcoin uses an algorithm called Proof of Work. It’s a very difficult puzzle miners have to solve to verify transactions on the blockchain. It’s very energy intensive, and as such, other networks have chosen different methods to verify transactions to solve the energy problem. By Matt Hussey. 4 min read. Jan 18, 2019 Jul 11, 2019. Much like regular mining, in ... The Philippines SEC has released an official warning about Bitcoin (BTC) “cloud mining” company Mining City, advising the public to steer clear of the scheme and others like it. Despite the official condemnation , the price . Bitcoin Report: Market Valuation of 14 Banking Giants Shed $635 Billion This Year CryptoNewsCentre 0. The world’s largest banks lost a considerable amount of market ...
[index] [4862] [8863] [34798] [34736] [4404] [41738] [42407] [16284] [40863] [14732]
Each mining unit is individually numbered. BitClub Only Buys the Most Efficient Mining Hardware. Everything is Owned by BitClub Members. Naturally cooled to last 10(+) years! GPU Mining Is Only ... Just an overview of the service and how it can be used to mine crypto. The "Bitcoin Halving", an event that takes place every 210,000 blocks (approximately every 4 years), will be taking place on May 11th. This is earlier than originally projected. Radeon RX 560 4gb Mining Days Numbered? by Crypto Fish. 8:55. GPU MINING 2020 PROFIT - March Update! bitcoin bitcoin mining 2020 crypto by Crypto Fish. 8:27. CRYPTOCURRENCY MINING UP 789%! - April ... This week we cover Coinmine, an at home mining rig that has a simple setup. We also discuss Tippin (a new tipping platform on Twitter), signing up for Betterment, and Samsung's new Galaxy phone ...
#Historic Goonhilly Earth Station Revitalized by New Business
Goonhilly Earth Station’s (GES) largest antenna, Goonhilly Six, lit up against the backdrop of the summer night sky. Photo: GES
[Via Satellite 08-13-2015] The U.K.-based Goonhilly Earth Station is shifting back to prominence in the satellite industry after rebounding from an uncertain fate. The iconic facility, which beamed the very first transatlantic television signals from the original Telstar satellite, was on the verge of demolition a few years ago after its previous owner, BT, had moved substantially out of the satellite business. Upon learning of this destiny, Ian Jones, now CEO of the company Goonhilly Earth Station Ltd., (GES) intervened, striking a deal with the telecom giant to rescue the facility and set about restoring its former glory.
Jones inked an agreement to lease the antennas at Goonhilly for three years, providing time to find customers and investors. GES formed as a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) to acquire the site from BT.
“It was a two-stage process,” Jones told Via Satellite. “Initially we leased just the antennas on a fixed term of three years. Within those three years we had an exclusive option to buy the site at a pre-agreed price. From January 2011 we went out and got customers. We built the business, found our investors, and that enabled us to exercise the ‘purchase option.’ In January 2014 we paid BT and the site became ours.”
GES revitalized the Earth station and now owns the entire 164-acre estate. Jones said the site, which NASA, France Telecom, and BT’s predecessor, the then-general post office in the U.K., built in 1962, still has “fantastic infrastructure.” Fiber cables connect Goonhilly to subsea headends and tap into the BT network. BT and GES maintain a cordial relationship today, with BT leasing office space from GES at Goonhilly. BT also operates the SEA-ME-WE-3 subsea cable, one of the main Internet connections between Europe and Asia.
Goonhilly has antennas that open business opportunities in Asia, Middle East, Africa, Europe, and the Americas, Jones said. Still, the company is upgrading and updating infrastructure across the site to accommodate new and returning business.
“As well as doing the gardening, painting the rooms, and those sorts of things, we have been investing in existing antennas and building new ones,” Jones said. “We’ve been turning the amplifiers on, in some cases freeing up motors and replacing some mechanical systems, but also we have now installed a cross site RF-over-fiber system. We already had fiber delivering IP all the way around the site, but now that’s enabling us to concentrate all of our baseband equipment in the central part of the site where we can have secure rooms for different customers.”
Jones said the RF-over-fiber system separates the baseband equipment of different customers while also enabling GES to switch the service between different antennas for maintenance purposes or if requirements change. This is helpful, because several satellite operators have sought out services from the site. Jones said GES provides telemetry and control services for SES, monitoring services for Inmarsat’s Global Xpress High Throughput Satellite (HTS) network, and helps Planet Labs beam down data from its constellation of “Dove” CubeSats. Earlier this month the company announced an agreement with Hispasat for Second Generation Digital Video Broadcasting – Satellite (DVB-S2) TV uplink services that will saturate a full transponder on Hispasat 1E. This influx of customers is driving a surge in the need for new equipment.
“Recently the BBC moved out of their traditional Shepard’s Bush home in London and left behind about 16 antennas. We acquired those and we’ve moved them down to Goonhilly now. We are in the process of reinstalling those … we almost can’t build them quick enough with the level of interest that’s coming in,” said Jones.
GES is also working with Avanti Communications, hosting an antenna for the U.K.’s Satellite Applications Catapult, and is bringing an existing iDirect service to Goonhilly in October. Along with satellite companies, Jones said GES works with a number of universities, such as Oxford, Manchester, Leeds, Herts, Durham, and Southampton, which are developing radio astronomy instruments that will soon find a home at Goonhilly.
“We also just started now working with the European Space Agency (ESA), QinetiQ, and BAE Systems to look at the possibility of upgrading our largest antenna, Goonhilly Six (GHY 6), to potentially support the NASA Orion mission around the moon,” Jones added.
GES has private equity investment in place today as well as a U.K. government Regional Growth Fund grant to help develop the Earth station. Jones said the turnaround regarding Goonhilly’s profitability is in part because, as a small company, GES is able to pursue opportunities that would likely have been of too low an order of magnitude for a large company like BT to be interested in initially.
“We are not scared off by tiny contracts. If that’s what it takes, we will get our foot in the door, win a small contract, do a really good job on it, and we build from there. That’s the way that small companies work,” he said.
The majority of GES’ antennas are devoted to commercial activities, with one antenna devoted fully to radio astronomy and another spit between radio astronomy and commercial use. Soon the company will be linking GHY 1 to Jodrell Bank Observatory to join the enhanced Multi-Element Radio Linked Interferometer Network (e-MERLIN) radio telescope.
Jones said future projects include some human capital development and healthcare projects in Africa, potentially supporting domestic space missions in the U.K., and forming new partnerships with other satellite operators. With Goonhilly’s destruction averted, GES can focus on bringing new business, which fits nicely with the U.K.’s goal of growing its place in the global space industry to 10 percent by 2030. Last but certainly not least, GES hopes to get its visitor center online so enthusiasts can see the historic facility.
“We are desperate to get our visitor center open,” said Jones. “The public tell us all the time they want to come and visit.”DAKS autumn/winter 2016 collection catwalk show for LFW
This season DAKS treated us to a lavish, evening wear collection; the kind of evening wear you can actually wear on an English evening. The silhouettes were as slick as the low buns styled on each model’s head, lightweight chiffons and georgettes were used to create fluid shapes that moved with the wearer.
Strong, structured shoulders offered stability to the looks and hinted that the DAKS woman is more empowered than in previous seasons. Her signature accessory is a luxe trilby, tilted just so, or the DAKS bag which comes in only one style but a number of colours.
Spring’s Victoriana trend leaked over into autumn/winter as lace panelled blouses and ruffles tumbled the full length of dresses. Though the palette remained mostly black, burnt orange and sunrise yellow appeared in various shades and textures,. An anniversary check was debuted, too, in celebration of 40 years of the DAKS signature print. Here is a brand well on their way to heritage status; heritage for the modern woman.
Kea Bose
Photos: Krisztian Pinter
YouTube
RSS
- (-) Remove Assistance for States filter Assistance for States
- Basics of IAEA Safeguards (4) Apply Basics of IAEA Safeguards filter
- Safeguards implementation (4) Apply Safeguards implementation filter
- Nuclear science (1) Apply Nuclear science filter
- Nuclear technology and applications (1) Apply Nuclear technology and applications filter
IAEA Safeguards and SSAC Advisory Service (ISSAS) Guidelines
Services Series No. 13 (Rev.1)
IAEA-SVS-13 (Rev. 1) ¦
36 pages ¦ 1 figure ¦ ¦ Date published: 2021Property Attributes
- MLS#6316592
- TypeBackup
- CountyPINAL
- CitySan Tan Valley
- AreaThe Village at Copper Basin
- NeighborhoodThe Village At Copper Basin Unit 5B 2013074919
- Zip85143
- StyleRanch
- Year Built2014
- Taxes$ 1489
- Price$ 460,000
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage2082
- Lot Size10,454 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Argo Real Estate Professionals
Data Source:
Arizona Regional MLS (ARMLSN) - 22 - AZ
Property Description
TURN-KEY & GORGOUS! Former model home located on oversized lot & walking distance to neighborhood park. UPGRADES EVERYWHERE! Gourmet kitchen was made for entertaining and offers a large island, double ovens, and 42'' cabinets w crown molding. Large, 4 panel sliding doors open to a wrap around patio that features exterior fans & lighting overlooking a beautifully landscaped backyard with a water fountain. Additional patio along the rear side of the house has stone pavers and is covered by a custom pergola. Front/back yards feature a lawn irrigation system. This home also boasts a $3000 security door and a hard wired security system. Don't miss the garage's epoxy floor and custom cabinets. HOA offers access to many parks, playgrounds, a pool, and fitness center. Come see it before it's sold!
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolThe Eclair Cake cowl pattern was designed by Veronica Parsons. Our sample was knit in Miss Babs Sojourn in the Gibson Girl and Coastal Fog colorways.
Growing up, I always enjoyed a fun favorite summer dessert: a no-bake chocolate eclair cake. With layers of graham crackers and vanilla pudding, it wasn’t necessarily a culinary masterpiece, but it was always a treat!
Sweet and simple, Eclair Cake is a little knitting treat in two colors of fingering weight cashmere-silk yarn. Build up layers of stripes in an easy stitch pattern for a cowl that will nestle softly around your neck.
You'll need two skeins of Sojourn, one of each colorway, to complete this project. Choose the original combination − or try another!
Eclair Cake is a free pattern, and you can download it directly from the designer on Ravelry or here on our website. Patterns are not included with the purchase of yarn.Property Attributes
- ID#202122339
- TypeLand
- CityDundee
- NeighbourhoodDundee
- Style
- Price$ 112,000
- Bedrooms0
- Bathrooms0
- Half Bathrooms0
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Engel & Volkers
Data Source:
Canadian Real Estate Association
Property Description
Fairway Vista's at Dundee Hills is just launched with only 10 executive double lots overlooking the 2nd & 3rd Fairway of Dundee Golf Course & Resort. With magnificent views of the Bras d'Or Lake. This Lot 3 offers an exceptional home and investment opportunity directly on the Golf Resort with access to all amenities (indoor pool, lakefront beach, restaurants, etc.) The lot can remain its original size of 1.28 Acres or can be split as lots 3-1 and 3:7434)
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Views
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No Strata Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- Pool
Property vs Land Average in B0E 3K0
In The Neighbourhood
- Type
- Land
- Lot Size
- 6.52 Acres
- Type
- Land
- Lot Size
- 0 SqFt
- Type
- Land
- Lot Size
- 0 SqFtNew People in New Places
The Holy Spirit is at work in churches throughout the world and we are seeing new faith communities spring up in unexpected places. From dog parks and pubs to preschools and tattoo parlors, people are gathering in spaces outside of the church longing to connect to God and each other.
New People in New Places is a training and resource that will help pastors and laity to find creative ways to go out from their place of worship to connect with people outside of the church and help them birth a new a faith community.
There is no expectation that these groups will come to worship on a Sunday morning or even enter into the main church space, but these groups are connected to the church and are an extension of the life of the church. These communities are usually led by lay people, but if they desire baptism or holy communion, the pastor can walk alongside the lay leadership to offer the sacraments to this missional community.
View staff by program area to ask for additional assistance.Seeing
11 Comments:
Two of Ethel is kind of scary. We wouldn't want there to be more then one of you Wally you are to special for that
Oh my goodness...Have you told Pippa about Ethel's identical twin? Maybe you shouldn't ..then Ethel & Ginger can play tricks on dear darling Pippa...I don't think he'd mind..cuz in the end, he'll end up with two black beauties!
Love & Licks
Randi
ps...the world can only handle one Wally T. Corgedor!
only one Wally in the whole wide world!
the whippet waggle
Yes, there is definitely only room for one Wally in the Wally-verse. But even if there were more Wallies, I don't think I would complain. As long as they had your tongue manipulation prowess, that is!
Poppy
Hi, Wally
those are great coincidences, right?
Sorry, there is no way we can find another Wally in the whole world! You know you are unique!
Have a good night
Lorenza
Wow, they ARE twins!
That is CRAZY! I only guessed correct because of the background of the pictures.
Who is your mom's favorite Spice Girl? We like Baby Spice over here. We liked Posh in the 90s but she's annoying these days.
wally, you are one of a kind, don't ever wish for that to change!!
Randi's on the right lines, I think I will go and check her out. If she is as beautiful as Ethel I think I would defo like her to be my girlfriend.
Pippa
Woober Boy!
Listen to your mama. She's right. We can only handle so much of your Wallyness and Wallyways (it's like Moses having to shield his face with God passed by).
Funky about Ethel's twin. That just means there's twice her beauty in the world.
Goober love,
STanley
I can't tell them apart...that is amazing. And Walls...you are an original, a one of a kind special boy!!
Lots of Licks, RubyBefore Drake and Pusha-T traded haymakers, Drizzy was at odds with Meek Mill. Back in 2015, the two rappers beefed after Meek accused Drake of using ghostwriting, resulting in series of diss tracks that included Drake's "Charged Up" and "Back to Back" and Meek Mill's "Wanna Know."
All of that's behind them now. On Saturday night, Drake brought Meek Mill out during the Aubrey and the Three Migos tour stop in Boston. The two dapped it up and made it publicly known that everything is good between them. Drake later went to Instagram to share what the moment of reconciliation meant for him.
)," read the caption.
Meanwhile, Nicki Minaj, who was at the center of the controversy between Drake and her then-boyfriend Meek ("Is that a world tour or your girl's tour"), is in the middle of her own fights. She went after Travis Scott when his album, ASTROWORLD, kept Queen from debuting at No. 1 on the Billboard 200. Cardi B threw a shoe and allegedly tried to fight the "Chun-Li" rapper. When one rap beef dies, two more take its place.Rating is based on user votes and site popularity.
Help out the Coupon Craze community by rating and commenting on your favorite stores!
Your search for the best and trendiest costumes ends at the online store of Costume SuperCenter. The store is one of the leading retailers of Halloween costumes, decorations, and props on the web. Besides providing costumes for Halloween parties, films, and theaters it specializes in all sorts of costumes for girls, boys, women, men, teens and even toddlers and infants. A huge collection of more than 10,000 pieces of apparel and related accessories is available at this online store. The merchant always tries to provide maximum convenience to its customers. Different varieties of Plus Size and Sexy costumes are also available. Costume SuperCenter is the largest collector of the latest Fairy, Gangster, Colonial, Witch, Iron Man, Master Chef, '50s, '70s, Roaring '20s, and of course Harry Potter costumes. Providing the hottest and trendiest costumes at the most affordable prices to its enormous customers is specialty of Costume SuperCenter. This is the perfect online destination for all party loving people around the world who are in search of the best party costumes for affordable rates. Along with Historical Costumes including characters like George Washington, Betsy Ross, and Uncle Sam, Statue of Liberty, Biblical, Religious, Renaissance, and Patriotic, costumes are also accessible at this costume paradise. For wider range of Egyptian, Arabian, Indian, Greek, Roman, and other International costumes one can completely depend on this store. Besides several kinds of occupational costumes (Police, Nurse, Cheerleader, Master Chef, Fire Fighter, Princess, Pirate, and Military), Hippy, Clown, and Devil costumes are carried by the Costume SuperCenter. Costumes for popular Disney characters are sold by the merchant. Celebrate your Halloween party with costumes and accessories from the Costume SuperCenter. To make your character more convincing, you might want to browse the website's Hats, Wigs, and Masks category. Cowboy, Crow, Feather, Roman, Fedora, Witch, Derby, and Luau hats along with different types of masks such as Animal, Domino, Famous Facs, Horror, and Venetian are sold at this store. This Halloween, purchase the right costume for your loving pet. Animal Mascots like dogs, bears, dinosaurs, farm animals, gorillas, tigers, and even monsters, and insects are also available at this superstore. The merchant is certified by business enterprises like BBB, VeriSign, and BizRate. The entire process of checking out on the website is so easy and requires just a few clicks. Moreover, Costume SuperCenter offers many different shipping options. Please consult the website to learn about them and the returns policy.
All Fans Fashion Coupons (4)
All CheckOutStore Coupons (65)
All CenturyNovelty Coupons (4)
All Kegerator Coupons (5)
All Baron Bob Coupons (6).
In western Tigray, claimed by forces from the neighboring Amhara region, “it was apparent that the Tigrayans had left most of the areas, as it was difficult to find Tigrayans to interview,” the report said.,.”,” Bachelet said.
___
Anna reported from Nairobi, Kenya.GCC stock markets could continue to rise this week as the decreasing number of covid cases fuels hopes of stronger economic activity and the revival of international travel. At the same time, markets have benefited from the positive atmosphere in world stock exchanges as the earnings season is revealing to be higher than expected. Figures in particular in the US, should increase investors’ appetite for risk. Moreover, a large number of economic publications are scheduled this week, which should give a hint on where major economies are headed.
Oil
Oil prices should also provide significant support to the equities markets in the region. Crude prices are could rise further this week as the spread between demand and production continues to widen. Demand is expected to improve as temperatures in the northern hemisphere decrease with the approach of winter. Additionally, utilities and factories are increasingly switching to oil as an energy source as natural gas and coal remain at high price levels. Meanwhile, production levels stagnate as OPEC+ kept the same output rhythm.
Dubai Stock Market
The Dubai stock market could see additional increases this week as it breaks with last month’s price correction supported by the positive atmosphere that came with the earnings season. The market should also see some support as the economy is expected to improve further as covid cases continue to drop thanks to the success of the country’s vaccination campaign.
EMAAR
EMAAR malls' stock could see some appreciation as the sanitary situation continues to improve. Covid cases in the Emirates have sharply decreased thanks to the high number of vaccinated people while the overall pandemic is subsiding around the world. This should spur additional economic activity in its commercial centers. The stock price could also rise as the merger with EMAAR Properties draws nearer.
Air Arabia’s stock price could continue recovering towards its pre-pandemic peak as international traffic improves thanks to decreasing covid cases worldwide and reduced travel restrictions. The stabilizing economic situation should also draw tourists and business travelers away from their homelands.
Saudi Stock Market
The Saudi stock market could see additional increases potentially surpassing its 2008 peak in a durable manner. The market remains supported by the strong oil prices and the forecasts of increasing demand for crudes. The positive mood in stock markets worldwide is also pushing local equities to the upside. Finally, the news of additional removal of sanitary restrictions should come as a relief as the country removed distancing requirements for pilgrims while the sanitary situation continues to improve.
Saudi Ceramics
Saudi Ceramics’ stock could start recovering after its last price correction during which investors collected their gains. The company should benefit from the improvements in the real estate sector in the region as international investors return.
Egyptian Stock Market
The Egyptian stock market could see additional increases this week buoyed by the positive atmosphere as it approaches last month’s peak. However, the main index remains exposed to price correction as investors could move to secure their gains after two weeks of non-stop upside rally.
-Ends-
Any opinions, news, research, analyses, prices or other information contained here are provided as general market commentary and do not constitute investment advice. Exness does not accept liability for any loss or damage, including without limitation to, any loss of proﬁt, which may arise directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance on such information.
For more information, contact:
Elizabeth Rayment
☏ + 971 585 930 784
☏ + 44 7458 680 310
E elizabeth@yourmindmedia.Find an architect for your home anytime, anywhere
With our trusted network of experts you can save up to 60% on planning costs. Our free, personalised service offering is fair & transparent because we believe housing should be made simple.
With our trusted network of experts you can save up to 60% on planning costs. Our free, personalised service offering is fair & transparent because we believe housing should be made simple.
Over 200 architects, structural engineers, energy consultants and many other specialists are part of our digital engineering community. Together, we work hard to make custom design as efficient and easy as possible.
Free consultation with our experts
Compare your offers
Start building
You have our word.
Construyo will oversee your project from start to finish, and we support you in all construction phases.
Fixed price guarantee
Get an offer within 48 hours
Satisfaction guarantee
Cost and time savings
We compare different options for your construction project and always find the best solution for you. Customer satisfaction is our most important priority.
We didn't find an architect or engineer, but luckily Construyo helped us. This enabled us to implement our construction project within a reasonable time at a fair price. Thank you very much Construyo and the nice advice from Mr. Koch!
Everything simple and straightforward, quick and good. All employees very friendly and competent, in short, an all-round carefree package with high quality.
Join Germany’s largest digital engineering community. With over 200 architects, structural engineers, and building contractors, we take care of your customer’s individual needs by offering consultations, contract processing, and tendering. Let us help you save time so you can focus on what matters, your project!No products
New
Deposit: RM 300
PO Price: RM 1500
Retail Price: RM 1580
Company: Hot Toys
Size / Scale: 1/6th Scale, Approximately 39 cm tall
PO deadline: 25 Nov, 2021
Arrival date: Q4 2022 - Q1 2023
--------------------------
Kindly drop us a message in case this item has sold out, we might able to request extra unit from maker.
Warning: Last items in stock!
Availability date:
By buying this product you can collect up to 1500 loyalty points. Your cart will total 1500 points that can be converted into a voucher of RM15.00.
~ Television Masterpiece Series Diecast ~
“I’m going to bring peace in our time, to every corner of universe.” – Infinity Ultron
In Episode 8 of Marvel Studio’s armor embedded with LED-light up Infinity Stones; most noticeable for its signature double-headed spear; and figure stand.
The new Infinity Ultron 1/6th scale figure is here to conquer your display!
The 1/6th scale Infinity Ultron armor:
- Titanium grey and matted gold colored painting on Infinity Ultron armor
- Infinity Stones mounted on armor with LED light-up function (battery operated)
- Four (4) pieces of interchangeable hands including:
- One (1) pair of hands with articulated fingers
- One (1) pair spear holding hands
- Each piece of head sculpt is specially hand-painted
Costume :
- One (1) red colored cape with gold colored embossed pattern (embedded with bendable wire)
Weapon:
- One (1) double-headed spear
Accessory:
- One (1) specially designed figure stand
*Prototype shown, final product may be slightly different
**Battery included for collectible figure, button cells are required
***Product details can subject to change without further notice
© 2021 Marvel. the beauty, depth and raw emotion behind the psalms
Right in the middle of the Bible, we find not a theological address or a great historical event, but passionate poetry. These wonderfully honest songs of life cover the full range of human emotions – including hope, joy, lament, despair and thanksgiving – while pointing to our faithful, good and eternal God.
These seven insightful sessions help us to discover:
- There are psalms of education, consolation, exasperation, anticipation, lamentation, contemplation and adoration.
- The psalms are earthy and realistic in addressing our frail and fallible human condition, but show us how to live a life of faith.
- We can be completely honest about our emotions before God, while knowing Him to forever be worthy of our praise..State lawmakers consider law to reduce welfare waste
Measure targets welfare use on alcohol, tobacco, lottery tickets
A new effort to prevent welfare money from being used for alcohol, tobacco and lottery tickets is being considered by state lawmakers.
Welfare spending is the biggest item in the state budget and some state lawmakers have said it's being wasted on non-essential items.
Lawmakers said there are many examples of welfare being spent in ways it was not intended.
"By far, the majority of Pennsylvanians don't want to see welfare benefits going for alcohol, cigarettes or gambling," said Rep. Stephen Bloom.
Bloom said he has signed on with more than 70 other state lawmakers in support of House Bill 800 that will stop welfare spending on items well beyond basic necessities.
"Most taxpayers don't mind helping the truly needy, but they want to help them in a way that puts their basic needs, food, clothing shelter, not luxury items and items that may even be destructive," Bloom said.
Another example of welfare abuse is people who pay cash for public assistance access cards for well below the value.
"They prey upon people by paying them only a discounted value of what the benefits are worth, so really the unscrupulous operators are ripping off the welfare recipient as well," Bloom said.
The legislation would also require that all benefits be used only at a point-of-sale terminal approved by the state, so the money is spent only for what it's intended -- basic necessities.
"We've got to take steps that may not be the most popular steps, but we've got to take steps to rein in the costs of public welfare and do so in a fair way that still protects the needy among us," Bloom said.
In Pennsylvania, there are more than 800,000 households getting some level of public assistance. How that money is spent is not a matter of public record.
Bloom says House Bill 800 will stop wasteful spending and fraud as it happens. He said he believes the bill could be passed by the end of the year with more public support.Selling short stock broker
20 Mar 2014 People have been shorting stocks since the early 1700s. going to go down, you (technically, your stock broker) will borrow some of that stock. Why Brokerages Use Stock Loans for Short Selling A stock loan, also called securities lending, is a function within brokerage operations to lend shares of 6 Jun 2019 Short selling is a trading strategy that seeks to capitalize on an anticipated decline in 1) Borrow shares of the security, typically from a broker. 9 Apr 2018 Your broker lends you the shares (that you do not own) so that you can sell them on the market. If the share price falls, you can buy them back (at Short sales are transactions in which investors borrow stocks and sell them in the restrictions on short selling on margin accounts at brokerage houses starting 6 Sep 2019 Traders and investors are required to borrow shares from a lender (typically your brokerage firm) to sell a stock short. The trader then sells
The Basics of Shorting Stock
Best stock brokers for short selling stocks Looking for the best stock brokers is one of the tasks every trader does in the first phases of his/her career. It can look like a complicated issue but opening an account with a good online trading broker is not a very complicated process.. Brokers That Allow Short Selling Stocks With $0/Free Fees 2020 Short Selling Brokers Final Thoughts Shorting stocks is an advanced strategy that only experienced traders should attempt. Risk capital must be used for these positions. Submitting a buy stop order when you short the stock can help to cap the trade’s potential loss. 11 Best Online Brokers for Stock Trading of April 2020 ... On these measures, the brokerage firms below earned their place on our list of the best online brokers for stock trading. We evaluated brokerage firms and investment companies on the services that
Who loses the money when you make money from short selling ... …
Managing your margin account | Vanguard
It's currently trading at $20 per share, so you issue a short sale order through your broker to sell 100 shares of XYZ. The To borrow securities to sell short, the broker may lend out securities from the brokerage's own inventory, securities from another brokerage, or securities held in Compare margin requirements when deciding which broker is right for you. Some brokers may charge a minimum margin per share, which hurts penny stock
Short sales are transactions in which investors borrow stocks and sell them in the restrictions on short selling on margin accounts at brokerage houses starting
Jul 20, 2017 · 8 Reasons to Avoid Short Selling Stocks Short selling involves borrowing shares of a stock from a broker, selling them at market price and then buying back the shares at a lower price on a How to borrow shares to short – Goode Trades IB allows short selling stocks of any price (although short selling stocks under $2.50 requires more capital) and allows short selling of OTC BB and Pink Sheets stocks. Interactive Brokers does not allow for reserving shares to short; the first trader to get a short order filled gets the shares. Short selling — AccountingTools Mar 22, 2018 · The basic short selling process involves these steps: Set up a margin account at a brokerage firm, where the investor uses the value of his investments placed with the brokerage firm to borrow money. Place a short sale transaction with the brokerage firm. The short seller is borrowing the target company’s stock from the broker.
Short Selling | Investors Underground. How Short Selling Works - Low Cost Stock & Options Trading ... May 31, 2017 ·. 6 Best Discount Stock Brokers (Free Trading) 2020 ... If you like trading these types of securities, read our guide to the best brokers for penny stock trading. Ignore regulatory fees. Finally, two fees every broker charges (sell orders only) include an SEC trading fee of $21.80 per $1,000,000 of principal and a FINRA Trading Activity Fee (TAF) of $.000119 per share. Investors can ignore these How to short sell stocks in Australia? | Aussie Stock ForumsPeople.,
Advertisement
Continue reading the main story
Supported by
Continue reading the main story
People.
The Justice Department searched two locations associated with the conservative group Project Veritas as part of an investigation into how a diary stolen from President Biden’s daughter, Ashley, came to be publicly disclosed a week and a half before the 2020 presidential election, according to people briefed on the matter.
Federal agents in New York conducted the court-ordered searches on Thursday — one in New York City and one in suburban Westchester County — at places linked to people who had worked with the group and its leader, James O’Keefe, according to two of the people briefed on the events. The investigation is being handled by F.B.I. agents and federal prosecutors in Manhattan who work on public corruption matters, the people said.
Project Veritas did not publish Ms. Biden’s diary, but dozens of handwritten pages from it were posted on a right wing website on Oct. 24, 2020,..
In recent weeks, federal investigators have reached out to at least one person who worked for Project Veritas to question that person about the diary, one of the people briefed on the case said.
Project Veritas has a history of targeting Democratic congressional campaigns, labor organizations, news media.
Project Veritas has a pending libel suit against The New York Times over a 2020 story about a video the group made alleging voter fraud in Minnesota.
Ms. Biden, 40, is Mr. Biden’s youngest child. She has maintained a low profile and attracted far less attention than Hunter Biden, her half brother. In 2019, Mr. Trump withheld military aid from Ukraine at the same time he pressured that country’s president for support in investigating Hunter Biden’s business dealings, leading to Mr. Trump’s first impeachment.
An F.B.I. spokesman in New York would not comment on the investigation, saying only that agents had “performed law enforcement activity related to an ongoing investigation” at two locations. One of the searches took place in an apartment on East 35th Street near the Midtown Tunnel and the other in Mamaroneck, N.Y., north of New York City.
A spokesman for the United States Attorney’s office in Manhattan declined to comment.
In Manhattan, a neighbor a floor above the apartment that was searched on East 35th Street said she was woken out of her sleep early Thursday morning by agents pounding on a door and repeatedly shouting “Open Up!” and “F.B.I.!”
“I thought it was a joke,” said the neighbor, Mychael Green, 23. “For 10 minutes they we’re knocking on his door obviously really loud,” and eventually forced their way into the apartment, Ms. Green said. Hours later, the doorjamb was clearly broken and the door was hanging ajar.
Spencer Meads, the longtime Project Veritas operative and confidante of Mr. O’Keefe, has lived in that apartment since 2019, according to public records.
Ms. Green said that the agents were yelling “Spencer, open up!”
A former Project Veritas employee said that Mr. Meads had been involved in recruiting operatives. A website that tracks Project Veritas operatives said that Mr. Meads had also been involved in undercover operations for the group.
Mr. O’Keefe did not respond to an emailed request for comment, and a lawyer who has represented him also did not respond to messages. Mr. Meads did not respond to an email and a text message seeking comment.
The Justice Department finds itself in a highly unusual situation in regards to Mr. Biden’s children. Not only is it investigating the case of Ms. Biden’s diary, but Hunter Biden disclosed last year that Justice Department prosecutors in Delaware were investigating his taxes.
The pages were posted online under the byline of Patrick Howley, a reporter who has worked for several conservative outlets in recent years. He was the first to disclose a yearbook photo from the page of Gov. Ralph Northam of Virginia that showed one individual in a Ku Klux Klan outfit and another individual in blackface.
Mr. Howley also disclosed damaging text messages between Cal Cunningham, a Democrat running for Senate in North Carolina, and a woman with whom he was having an extramarital affair.
While the disclosure of Ms. Biden’s diary was largely ignored, some far right outlets and supporters of Mr. Trump jumped on the news of the diary as further evidence that Mr. Biden was unfit to be president. Alex Jones, a prominent far right radio host, brought up the diary on an episode of Joe Rogan’s podcast.
Mr. Trump used Twitter to send or promote positive comments about Project Veritas at least six times in the last two years of his presidency. Mr. Trump boosted Project Veritas content even before he became president, and shortly after he announced his campaign for president in 2015, Mr. O’Keefe visited Trump Tower and showed Mr. Trump footage he was intending to release to damage Hillary Clinton, the most likely Democratic nominee.
In 2016, a Project Veritas operative infiltrated Democracy Partners, a political consulting firm, using a fake name, fabricated resume and made secret recordings of the staff.
Democracy Partners later sued Project Veritas. In a ruling last month in the lawsuit, U.S. District Court Judge Paul L. Friedman said that Democracy Partners could refer to the conduct by Project Veritas as a “political spying operation” in the upcoming trial.
Kitty Bennett and Matthew Cullen contributed research.Pink.
Manufacturer Description
- VG/PG: 70/30
- Size Availability: 100ml
- Origin: USA
- 0mg
Candy King | Bubblegum Collection 100ml | Pink Lemonade
$35.00PriceUpload Your Photos & Videos Below
Your personal stories are important to us. Share photos & videos you have captured on your phone, and you may see your images or videos in our newscast or on our website! We have also simplified the upload process. You do not need to create an account or select a category. All we ask is you include a caption and your name to help us share your story with others. Thank you!SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — California’s health director on Tuesday revealed the math behind the state’s calculation that it was safe to lift all remaining stay-at-home orders, a response to criticism that Gov. Gavin Newsom’s administration was hiding key data affecting people’s lives and livelihoods.
A half-dozen formulas were used to project that all regions of the state will top 15% capacity in their hospital intensive care units in four weeks, a level the state believes provides adequate cushion for any surges in virus patients. Southern California and the San Joaquin Valley currently have 0% capacity when taking into account both coronavirus cases and other patients, while rural far Northern California is the only one of five regions above the minimal level.
A surge that started in mid-October made California the nation’s COVID epicenter before numbers improved in the new year. Four regions accounting for virtually all the state’s nearly 40 million residents were put under the stay-at-home order in December and three remained there until Monday.
At his weekly virtual news briefing, California Health and Human Services Secretary Dr. Mark Ghaly displayed a slide showing that for each region the state used data including the weekly average of virus cases, transmission rate, hospitalizations, occupied ICU beds and other metrics to determine future ICU capacity.
The calculations boiled down to “what I’m just going to call a simple math formula,” Ghaly said.
Officials double-checked to make sure the data wasn’t skewed by reporting delays from last week’s Martin Luther King Jr. holiday before deciding that “we could be confident in what is a fairly weighty decision for three major areas and regions of our state,” Ghaly said.
David Snyder, executive director of the First Amendment Coalition that advocates government transparency, applauded Ghaly for sharing the data, “late though it is.”
“The default should always be transparency, barring real legal justification for secrecy,” he said.
Infectious disease experts said the state’s formulas generally appear reasonable but leave out many potential variables.
“This is a little simpler than I would have imagined it would be given the data that the state is collecting” on who is most vulnerable, said Rajiv Bhatia, an affiliated professor of medicine at Stanford University. “Basically all of these numbers have numbers and assumptions behind them that make it very difficult to say this is right or wrong.”
The state should say how its projections have tracked with actual developments, including if they accurately predicted the recent surge and decline, Bhatia said: “How well has it been predicting ICU capacity? If it didn’t predict ICU capacity before, why would we trust it now?”
Marm Kilpatrick, an infectious disease expert at the University of California, Santa Cruz, said the state’s approach “is reasonable, but rests on some very important assumptions.” He’s among those concerned that lifting the orders may increase transmission rates, or that mutations in the virus will cause it to spread much more rapidly.
Other considerations include that people are starting to be vaccinated, and a growing proportion have developed natural immunity because they have already had the virus even if they showed no symptoms.
The first two confirmed cases of the virus were reported in California a year ago Tuesday. The state has recorded more than 3.2 million since then — by far the most in the U.S. and a total topped by only four other countries.
The surge at the end of 2020 was the worst of the pandemic in California and overwhelmed many hospitals, prompting some to set up triage areas in tents set up in parking lots. Deaths continue to skyrocket — 542 per day for the last week — as the sickest of the flood of patients die.
But hospitalizations have fallen 20% in the last two weeks and transmission rates have dropped well below 1.0, meaning every person with the disease on average is infecting fewer than one other person.
It’s likely that cases will continue to drop “for at least a week or two,” Kilpatrick said, but if people relax their safe behavior or if variants become more widespread it could send cases higher again.
The release of data behind the ICU projections came one week after The Associated Press first asked for it and was turned down, with a state health officials saying it was too complicated and could mislead the public. Lawmakers of both political parties criticized the secrecy, as did Newsom’s political opponents.
Editorials in the Los Angeles Times and San Francisco Chronicle questioned the lack of transparency and worried that the state might be relaxing its toughest restrictions too soon.
While acknowledging that deaths and hospitalizations remain tragically high, Ghaly pointed to the recent virus data as evidence of a steady and pronounced downward trend.
Relaxing the orders still leave all but four of the state’s 58 counties under the most restrictive of four color-coded tiers for reopening. In those counties indoor restaurant dining and church services are not allowed, retailers are limited to 25% capacity and social gatherings can’t include people from more than three households.
Ghaly said health officials are aware of the potential for a resurgence and could ratchet up restrictions if conditions worsen.
Dr. Jeffrey Klausner, an epidemiologist at the University of California, Los Angeles Fielding School of Public Health, said the state’s overall projection is grounded on the growth in daily coronavirus cases, an assumption that “could be quite unstable and subject to various factors that might increase it.”
Those include changing weather that drives people indoors or allows them to stay outdoors, relaxed adherence to safety precautions — or more adherence, if people become alarmed by the mutating virus.
Yet Klausner said he doesn’t think the easing of restrictions makes much difference in what he said is a natural cycle in pandemics that typically “oscillate like ripples in a pond. Over time the peaks get smaller and further apart until it’s barely noticeable.”This post was published earlier on LinkedIn
In the first part of this 3-article series, you learned “5 Steps to Approaching a Stranger at a Networking Event.”
Now, let’s look into how to interact with several strangers at the same time.
Approaching a complete stranger at an event can be challenging, but it is quite common that people cluster into small groups of 2-3 people. Then what do you do?
You may feel intimidated and have thoughts like:
- “I am only one person and there are three of them. I’m too shy”
- “What if they feel I’m bothering them?”
- “What if they don’t let me into their conversation?”
We need to do the same mental visualization that was learned in last article Instead of programming yourself for rejection, inject a positive scenario into your head.
Below is the previous process that we learned, but this time we will add a small twist to it by adding the step in bold:
- Visualize a positive outcome
- Observe the group of 2-3 people first
- Approach and SMILE
- Make eye contact
- Extend your hand
- Introduce yourself.
So why are we observing the group of 2-3 people?
We want to take time to evaluate them.
EVALUATE
This gives you time to access how you should ease into the conversation with them. No one likes a person barging into a conversation and cutting everyone off. Easing into a conversation is a lot like double-dutch rope jumping, where timing is everything.
Take your time to notice the groups symmetry and makeup. See:
- Who is talking the most
- Who seems to smile the most
- Who is quiet
- Who is standing a little to the side
You do this to find a better moment to walk up and join them.
If you can, try to hear parts of the conversation to get something to address when you start speaking.
You are doing this to find a timely moment to walk up and join them.
Naturally, you don’t want to come off as a creepy person, standing in a corner eaves dropping, so you need to make it look natural.
Once you have made up your mind on how and when to approach them, walk up and introduce yourself.
A good approach is to walk up to the one person that is a little bit off to the side of the group, and make sure they are not talking at the time. You’ll find that 4 out of 5 times, there will be such a person in a group.
Here are some examples of things to say:
- “You guys seem like a fun bunch. Mind if I join you?”
- “I hear lots of laughter, may I join this happy bunch? I am Francis…”
- “Hi I am Francis, mind if I join you? I heard you mention California, I lived there…”
You have to trust your gut that people are receptive and that you will find the right time to join the group. It may cause you some anxiety in the beginning but practice will overcome that. If it doesn’t work the first time, try timing the rope and jump in somewhere else.
OVERCOMING ANXIETY
We are naturally shy when confronting a number of strangers and you may find it hard, but as mentioned in part 1: “we are all strangers at a networking event.”
Always remember that others feel just as shy or awkward as you.
Here is one more thing to keep in mind, to relieve any anxiety that you may have, the 2-3 people you are approaching have most likely just met each other. In this case, you will not be a outsider to the conversation. You don’t have to worry that you are breaking up a bunch of life-long friends. You are just another person trying to be friendly and network with others.
Smile, keep calm (relax) and believe in a positive outcome. No one is there to hurt you.
RELAXING
Networking is really more about relaxing and being able to make others feel you are relaxed. It is about demonstrating that you are ok with who you are. That you like people and don’t mind spending time with others. You will find that your confidence will attract others and help you become much more than ‘just another business card.’
AN INITIAL ALTERNATIVE - PARTNERING
In the beginning, if you are not used to approaching groups of people, you may want to partner with another person and walk around together. This way you can tackle new strangers as a team, and it might help you feel less intimated approaching a group.
Hopefully this article can give you further ideas on how to improve networking skills. Please let me know if you have any questions, you can post them in the Comments section below.
After practicing these networking tips, check out the next article on a similar topic: “Overcoming Shyness - How To Approach A Stranger In Public (outside a networking event)”
P.S. I love sharing what I know, that could possibly help others, so feel free to let me know what other networking topics you would like to see in upcoming articles.Five Best Practices for Lifespan Planning That Social Workers Want You to Know
Learn what social workers do and what they suggest for making a life plan for the lifespan.
What Is Lifespan Planning?
As the words suggest, lifespan planning involves anticipating and planning for your, or a loved one’s, needs over the course of life. You can think of it as a life plan for the lifespan. Ideally, social workers would like you to consider all the people affected—from the younger adults in the family to middle-aged adult children to parents in their senior years. Trained social workers can help you devise a plan wherever you are in the lifespan, and different types of social workers offer expertise in various areas.
Everyone has different needs with regard to finances, health, and retirement, and those needs evolve and change over time. It’s helpful to figure out what needs are most important now, and to envision what they’ll look like in the near and in the more distant future. As the saying goes, if you don’t have goals, you’ll never reach them.
What Do Social Workers Do and How Can They Help You?
You might meet with a social worker while you’re still in college, or in your early 20s and just starting your career. At that point, you’d focus primarily on career counseling and on your financial goals. Social workers can also provide counseling on goals like fitness and healthy eating and make referrals to other professionals, including financial planners and attorneys.
In your 30s, you might be in the process of buying a home and planning for, or expanding, your family. You might need to enlist a school social worker for a child who is struggling with school.
When you hit middle age, in your 40s and 50s, you might be thinking about changing careers, or whether early retirement is a good option, or planning for your own or your parents’ healthcare needs. At this stage of life, you might be caring for an older parent. A social worker can help you with career, retirement, and advance healthcare decisions.
Five Best Practices for Lifespan Planning
Here are five lifespan planning best practices that social workers want you to know now:
- Face the facts. It’s never too early to consider the facts of lifespan, which naturally include life expectancy. How long are you likely to live? The Social Security Administration calculator can help you come up with an estimate.1 This, in turn, will help you figure out how to manage your finances. More on that below.
- Get support. It’s essential to take care of yourself, especially when you’re taking care of another person. A clinical social worker is trained to help you address personal issues that you’ll encounter in every stage of life—from your schooling to your professional career, to your health and that of your family—and can refer you to professionals trained in financial and legal matters.
- Talk money. Feeling stress about finances can magnify the impact of other stressors. Instead of sidestepping what might be a difficult conversation, tackle the subject head-on. Have an honest discussion about your budget and financial concerns with a social worker. You can expect to get solid, practical advice on next steps and referrals to other professionals, if that makes sense. Many people are living longer, healthier lives and you can start planning for retirement with tips from the Social Security Administration.2
- Hire help. Everyone can use a helping hand from time to time. If you, or an aging loved one, are at a point where you need help around the house, talk with a friend or social worker about where to find reliable employees. Consider the value of paying for help as well as the cost. You don’t need to spend a fortune, but what you do pay should be commensurate with the level of assistance.
- Embrace change. The ability to embrace change is much easier if you can find a way to cultivate positivity—and laughter. Taking a yoga, Tai chi, or other fitness-focused class can help you find the balance and calm to forge ahead. Fostering a healthy sense of humor, especially in stressful situations like caring for an aging parent in declining health, has rejuvenating powers. You might plan a goofy movie night at home or venture out to a theater to see a comedy show. The philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche believed that amor fati, Latin for “love of fate,” is essential. “My formula for greatness in a human being is amor fati: that one wants nothing to be different, not forward, not backward, not in all eternity. Not merely bear what is necessary, still less conceal it… but love it.”
Are you inspired to help others and effect positive change via a social work career? Walden University offers a variety of student support services and a convenient, flexible format that fits your busy life to help you achieve your educational goals.
Walden University is an accredited institution offering a Master of Social Work (MSW) program that is accredited by the Council on Social Work Education (CSWE), a specialized accrediting body recognized by the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA)..UFA-Wochenschau 182/1960 19.01.1960
Synopsis
01 clever and forgetful: fixed in the hand clever works on the vise, Maria do not clamp the workpiece but wants to hold in the hand, workpiece jumps out of your hand and turns. Clever, the machine turns off quickly.
(31 m) 02 Königssee: Süddeutsche toboggan championships snow-covered landscape. Men wear sledge to start. Greasing the skids. Sign on tree: sledding police banned. Luger on the railway. Driving through curves and falls. Hermann Thaler from Imst / Tyrol WINS in the an and in the doubles with his brother. Ride through the target. Target range with advertising Coca-Cola.
(27 m) 3rd Semmering near Vienna: ski jumping on the Lichtenberg-Hill ski jumper. Falls. Spectators on the side of the Hill. Max Bolkart / Germany WINS. Close-up. Audience clapping.
(18 m) 04 Kitzbühel: Hahnenkamm slalom: runner on the track with closely set gates. 3 is Willy Bogner / Germany. It wins statement Duvillard / France. Abdul-Latif Moiterer / Austria is caught in the gates. Finish Adrien Duvillard. Close-up. Advertisement at the gang: Philips.
(24 m) 5th Füssing: fur fashion show by Kunze-Mannheim in spa show mannequins. Mink, Persian lamb fur. See bathing in the thermal spa. Persian lamb fur pants, Beaver coat with Fox hat, West African Persian lamb fur. Mannequins drop pelts and jump into the Spa.
(28 m) 6th winter day of a driver man resigns from front door, eaves a car around the corner. Man shovels free VW Beetle and the discs do turn away the snow. A couple sitting in the car. Man returns the license plate free, goes to the next VW and falls down. Free return of the discs. Door lock is frozen and thawed with lighter. Engine will not start. Taxi is summoned, which is already occupied.
(35 m) 07. Cologne: handmade speakers at meeting the Prince guard of the time reporting actuality: "driver, front passenger and Bell driver! I would like to urge you, take account of the poor Anhalterinnen day out, every day risk their lives in traffic on the game but At last once. But only to you a prepare a few pleasant hours. Drive slowly and safely, just as contribute, that the insurance At last once come out of their misery barracks." Clapping. Dance of the Funkenmariechen with the dance officer.
(61 m) 8th Munich: enthronement of the Carnival Prince pair guards a marching. Carnival Prince and Princess of Carnival waving to cars. The Münchner Kindl dances on roller skates.
(12 m) 09 Frankfurt: 10 years of holiday on ice dancer. Artistry, jumps, clowns, Ballet.
(31 m) 10 dance and death in Cameroon natives celebrate the country's independence. Coffins with the dead chiefs carried in procession. Hordes of horsemen riding. Dances. Drummers. The Cathedral of Duala and monument of a German "Honor the memory" 1890th Swiss father speaks interview: "the situation of the religion has become Very much bad. In the South we have already more than 7 missions, which are completely empty. The chiefs have violated already 5 father and killed 2. And this week they took again 2 - whether they are alive or not, we don't know that. "The situation is so bad that all afraid for their lives." Images of the country. Negro carries little sister. Police officers stand guard in front of building. Destruction of houses. Wire mess. Dance in place. Christian wedding. Girl naked dance Moon dance in a pagan tribe.
(89 m)
Origin / Type of content
Narration
Persons in the Film
Bogner, Willy ; Kunze ; Oelsner ; Rau, Kurt ; Duvillard, Henry
Places
Munich ; Switzerland ; Füssing ; Frankfurt ; Cameroon ; Canada ; Semmering near Vienna ; Kitzbühel
Topics
Sachindex Wochenschauen ; cameramen, cameramen ; Carnival ; Carnival ; Ski, skiing, ski jumping ; Special reports ; Accidents ; accident prevention ; automotive engineering, automotive ; Medicine ; winter pictures ; Revues ; Fashion ; transport
Type
Newsreel (G)
Genre
Weekly Newsreel
Translated by Microsoft Translator
- Title:
UFA-Wochenschau 182/1960
UFA-Dabei (Other title)
- Country of Origin:
- Federal Republic of Germany
Year of Production and/or Release
- Date of Release:
- 19.01.1960
- Year of Production:
- 1960
Credits
- Origin:
- Title brand 7, 6 "fixed in the hand", CLEV. + Maria Süddt. Toboggan championships, Kakkad.
Camera: Hafner ski jumping and downhill skiing, Semmering.
Origin: Austria ski, Alpine combined. Hahnenkamm/Kitzb.
Origin: Austria fur fashions Füssing thermal camera: Hafner, Vlasdeck car in the snow.
Camera: Pahl handmade speakers, Cologne camera: Luppa, strong Carnival. Prince Inthronisat. Munich camera: Vlasdeck 10 years holiday on ice, Frankft.
Camera: Luppa, strong Cameroon - camera report: Rau, o Connor final brandChaos As Friend To British Royal Is Shot Dead On PM Boris Johnson's Family Estate
A Royal dog breeder shot his estranged wife dead while out on a final stroll with her before turning the gun on himself after she moved in with a new lover, an inquest heard today.
John Zurick, 67, shot Deborah Zurick, 56, twice in the back with a shotgun before turning it on himself at their cottage on the Exmoor estate of Stanley Johnson - the Prime Minister's father.
Ms Zurick had moved in with a new lover in Ireland and had returned to the cottage to pick up some items when she was killed on February 22 last year.
She returned to the property accompanied by her friend Elizabeth Murphy after appearing 'nervous' Ms Zurick came out and told Ms Murphy the encounter was 'intense,' and that they should leave and return the next day.
Ms 'agitated' Mr Zurick 'flinging open' the door with a shotgun over his arm before saying: 'I've shot Debbie, and you can f*ck off.'
After rushing to check on Ms Zurick, her friend pleaded with her estranged husband, who was standing in the doorway, to call an ambulance, but was told to 'f*: 'That didn't work, I'm going to shoot myself.'
The inquest heard Mr Zurick came back and told Ms Murphy: 'Please tell everyone I'm sorry. If I can't have her no one can.'
Ms Murphy thought she heard a muffled bang, then after waiting approximate 20 minutes escaped through an open window, eventually finding Ms Zurick 'flat on ground on her back.'
Paramedics and armed police soon arrived to the property and Ms.
An inquest by the Somerset Coroner today concluded Deborah Zurick was unlawfully killed by John Zurick, with her estranged husband then taking his own life.
The inquest heard Ms Zurick met her husband when she was 12 at her father's gun shop.
The pair then married when she was roughly 19 - initially having what one friend described as a 'loving license revoked.
Ms Zurick had also told friends she felt 'unsupported' by her husband after being diagnosed with cancer some years prior to her death, and that she felt the relationship had deteriorated.
When collecting the firearms belonging to the pair, a statement given by an officer at the scene said all guns were accounted for on Mr Zurick's license.
Ms Zurick was honorary secretary of the Working Clumber Spaniel Society (WCSS) for more than 20 years and her husband was a member of the society's ruling committee.Nov 12, 2018
Permission Granted: You Can Ignore Social Media
When a marketing company says "maybe you don't need social", is it digital hate or an antidote to the time-sucking "gotta be social" demands of nearly every marketing guru and list of "best practices"? If you're tired of selfies "shout outs", maybe you can finally let go.Why Senior Housing is Real-estate’s Most Recession Proof Asset Class?
The Senior Care Specialists offers a remarkable off market passive income investment opportunity. The profound growth dynamics of the U.S. senior population and the success of the U.S. seniors housing industry create a powerful investment environment and position the Senior Living Investment opportunity for consistent profits in structured development opportunities. Demand for Senior Housing Continues to Exceed Supply. As an investor you can participate in early stage Senior Living Facility Developments.
High Demand
The number of Americans 65 and older will increase from 47.8 million in 2015 to 79.2 million by 2035.
High Demand
Low Supply
As the elderly population grows, the rate of senior housing new construction is not keeping pace.
Low Supply
Baby Boomers
Earn The Same If Not Greater Than Stock Market Returns Without The Day To Day Volatility
An Exceptional Business Opportunity
The
Large assisted livings may or may not be for everyone. Attend our free seminar to learn more about other options including homes that only serve 6 people, or how you or your loved one can be cared for in home at no cost.
Why choose Senior Care Specialists?
Your Seniorcare Specialists more than fully satisfied with the excellent service provided so carefully and so sincerely by each and every care giver.
We are confident leaving mother in Your Seniorcare Specialists’ quality care! They deliver wonderful service with a personal touch!
My Mom’s primary caregiver is wonderful. The nurse is wonderful and the overall experience was awesome!Breville Oracle Touch Automatic Espresso Machine with Frother & Coffee Grinder - Silver
Overview
Available to ship
Not available for pickup:
This product is currently not available for pickup at nearby stores.
Overview
- Grinds, doses, and tamps at the touch of a button: Integrated stainless steel coffee grinder automatically grinds, doses, and tamps 22 grams for a double shot, similar to how your favourite café prepares it
- Choose your grind: Adjustable grind control lets you vary between fine and coarse for optimal espresso extraction
- Over Pressure Value: Oracle Touch is designed to limit the 15-bar Italian pump pressure throughout the extraction, preventing bitter flavours in the shot
- Even extraction: The true low-pressure pre-infusion gradually increases the pressure to gently expand the grinds for an even extraction
- Advanced Triple Heat System: Innovative PID temperature control technology with dual stainless steel boilers (steam and espresso) and an actively heated group head delivers water at the precise temperature
- Creamy foam for a full body taste: Self-cleaning steam wand automatically textures milk to your taste, delivering a café-quality micro-foam
- Select your brew with ease: Simple touchscreen operation lets you toggle between 5 customizable settings including espresso, long black, latte, flat white, and cappuccino
- Customize your coffee favourites: Customizable options let you create, name, and save up to 8 personalized coffees
- Other barista-approved features: This espresso machine comes with a 280g bean hopper capacity, 2.5L water tank capacity, and a 58mm portafilter
Features
Dimensions
Warranty
- Single & Double Filter Baskets
- Cleaning Tools
- Grinds Bin
- Water Filter System
- Spare Wand Parts
- Frothing Pitcher
- Water Hardness Test Strip
- Manual
There is no manufacturer content to show for this product. Explore the Details & Specs and Customer Reviews sections to learn more.
Reviewer Recommendation
98%
Of the 251 reviewers who responded, 246 would recommend this product.
Key Considerations
Averages based on how reviewers feel this product performs.
Sort
- The Oracle Touch is wise enough for us.- January 12, 2021
Excellent espresso machine for home use. Having the option to manually froth the milk is good, the machine frothing is passable but not as good as when done manually by someone who has good technique. The only gripe is that the grind cannot be set as part of your favourite drink and has to be manually adjusted each time for each person. This is a minor issue as grind size often has to be changed according to the actual coffee beans being used. I find this machine remarkably easy to use and produces consistently good coffee! Its not a cheap option but nevertheless a good option. Overall, we are very happy with this product and recommend it.Yes, I would recommend this to a friend.
- Absolutely spectacular machine- March 8, 2020
We owned the Barista Express for 4 years. No issues with the heavy use we put it through. We decided that we wanted something that would take some of the guess work out - mainly when it came to frothing and tamping. This machine checks all the boxes perfectly. Americanos and Flat Whites are perfect. Love the auto-on feature as well as the self-cleaning it does after steaming the milk. Only con would be that it's much bigger in comparison to our previous machine and thus no longer fits under our kitchen cabinets. Highly recommended if you want exception espresso with some of the guess working taken out. Especially if you can catch it on sale.Yes, I would recommend this to a friend.
- Excellent Upgrade from The Oracle- October 8, 2021
Recently upgraded to the Oracle Touch (in Black Truffle - a great colour) from the original Oracle, which I've been using daily since 2015 (and has started to show some signs of wear and tear). Having been a long time user of the Oracle, I was very surprised by the step up in terms of quality and performance (in addition to the bonus of the touch screen). The start-up time seems quicker, the froth on the milk is brilliant and the ease of use is second to none. I don't think you could find better value in terms of quality, looks, performance and (if the original Oracle is anything to go by) longevity. You certainly won't regret this purchase.Yes, I would recommend this to a friend.Prove that PM^2 = Latus rectum × PN ? Share with your friends Share 2 Neha Sethi answered this Dear student Draw PM⊥ to its axes and PN⊥ to tangent at the vertex.ThenThe equation of parabola is : y2=4ax⇒PM2=4a×PN ∵y=PM and x=PN⇒PM2=Latus ractum×PN ∵4a=Latus ractum because it is 4 times the focal length. Regards 6 View Full Answer$57.08 $64.07
--High efficiency suspension heat dissipation.
--High quality aluminum alloy material, stable and durable.
--Healthy working, suitable for office.
--Rotating base for easy use.
--Make the desktop cleaner and work more efficiently.
Product load bearing :10kg
Applicable models: 11-17 inch notebook computer
Product weight :1543g
Model: AP - 2S
Product color: silver
Category: laptop stand
Product category: bracket
Material: aluminum alloy, silicone
Product size :25*25*16.5cm
Product include:
1* laptop stand
Note:
The light socket and the different screens can cause the color of the item in the image to be a little different from the actual one. The allowed measurement error is +/- 1-3 cm.Used Quarry Equipment For Sale Australia Allied
Used Quarry Equipment For Sale Australia Allied
If you're looking for a reliable supplier of quality used quarry equipment, contact us today. We supply leading makes & models to clients all over Australia!More
Used Waste, Recycling and Quarry Equipment For Sale.More
Used Quarry Equipment in Au Hotfrog
Find used quarry equipment on Hotfrog. Get reviews and contact details for each business including phone number, postcode, opening hours and photos. 02 9737 9333More
Quarry & Aggregate For Sale in Australia| IronPlanet
Australia Equipment Auction (681) Tue, 1 Dec. Government Surplus Auction (1642) Tue, 1 Dec. Australia Equipment Auction (512) Wed, 2 Dec. Government Surplus Auction (921) Used Quarry and Aggregate Equipment for sale in Australia. Filter. Sort by: Type. Blast Hole Drills (2More
Quarry & Aggregate For Sale in Australia| IronPlanet
Buy used Conveyors, Crushers, Excavators, Off-Road Trucks, Screening Equipment in Australia from Better, Cat, liming, Maximus, Hitachi, Komatsu and more. BuyMore
_8<<
Used Equipment Astec Australia
Contact Astec Australia. Astec Australia Head Office 13/243 Bradman Street Acacia Ridge Q 4110. 1300 278 322. [email protected]More
_11<<
Used waste / Recycling & Quarry Equipment from Australia
Are you searching for used construction equipment, waste / Recycling & Quarry Equipment for sale Australia? Contact directly the seller of the waste / Recycling & Quarry Equipment. Click on an image or brand model to view more detail Australia Page 2More
_13<<
Used Quarry Equipment AustralMore
Crushing & Screenings for sale in Australia
Australia's No.1 place to buy, sell or research a caravan or camping equipment. Trucksales Buy, sell or hire new and used trucks, buses and equipment at Australia's No. 1 online truck marketplace.More
Used Equipment Astec Australia
Contact Astec Australia. Astec Australia Head Office 13/243 Bradman Street Acacia Ridge Q 4110. 1300 278 322. [email protected]More
used coal dryer equipment in australia
used coal dryer equipment in australia. used coal dryer equipment in australia ondawireless.ru. I need used coal dryer equipment in australia mining . Heavy Industry is a professional Quarry Crushing equipment manufacturing company, we produce all types of ore Get Price Here! used coal dryer equipment in australiaMore
View 1,104iaMore
used surveying equipment Miscellaneous Goods Gumtree
This is a collection of carry bags or storage bags that were used for a variety of functions. The sturdiest bags are marked Spartan Media and were used for carrying banners or screens. Theya are 93 cms long, 23 cms deep and 8 cms wide. There are 2 zips and 2 sets of hamdles. These are padded and sturdy. There are 3 other bags that are similar.More
Home Minegraveyard
Used Mining Equipment For Sale or Lease MineListings
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.More
Used Equipment Used Cat Caterpillar.More
Used waste / Recycling & Quarry Equipment from Australia
Here is the list of ads from category waste / Recycling & Quarry Equipment coming from Australia. You may sort used waste / Recycling & Quarry Equipment by price, year of production or model. Please use the left-hand side navigation to narrow your search.More
Abstract
Computer-assisted molecular modelling techniques have been employed to develop receptor models for the phencyclidine (PCP) and σ binding sites. The models differ in the position of the nitrogen atom, direction of the nitrogen-lone pair vector and in the location and nature of secondary binding groups. This study predicts the existence of distinct receptors for σ and PCP ligands, and our receptor models can be used to design and predict the activity of drugs with PCP and/or σ activity.
Keywords
- (+) [H]SKF 10,047
- (Molecular conformation, Computer graphics)
- N-Methyl-D-aspartate
- Phencyclidine receptor
- [H]1-[1-(2-Thienyl)cyclohexyl]piperidine
- σ Receptors1420476 has 12 divisors (see below), whose sum is σ = 3314472. Its totient is φ = 473488.
The previous prime is 1420429. The next prime is 1420483. The reversal of 1420476 is 6740241.
It is a tau number, because it is divible by the number of its divisors (12).
It is a congruent number.
It is an unprimeable number.
It is a polite number, since it can be written in 3 ways as a sum of consecutive naturals, for example, 59175 + ... + 59198.
It is an arithmetic number, because the mean of its divisors is an integer number (276206).
21420476 is an apocalyptic number.
It is an amenable number.
1420476 is an abundant number, since it is smaller than the sum of its proper divisors (1893996).
It is a pseudoperfect number, because it is the sum of a subset of its proper divisors.
1420476 is a wasteful number, since it uses less digits than its factorization.
1420476 is an evil number, because the sum of its binary digits is even.
The sum of its prime factors is 118380 (or 118378 counting only the distinct ones).
The product of its (nonzero) digits is 1344, while the sum is 24.
The square root of 1420476 is about 1191.8372372098. The cubic root of 1420476 is about 112.4116442051.
The spelling of 1420476 in words is "one million, four hundred twenty thousand, four hundred seventy-six".
• e-mail: info -at- numbersaplenty.com • Privacy notice • done in 0.094 sec. • engine limits •
Happy new year, Sandra. Thank you for writing and photographing.
Thank you Jane, it is my pleasure. : )
And a Happy New Year to you too.
Excellent! You knew that if the slightest mark were to be found on this sculpture tomorrow morning, the guilt would be too much!
Hahaha, exactly! I would have to live with that. :D
One should always cover (for) one's friends.
Lin
:-)
That is so true. We must protect what we love. : )
Glad to know that someone else's garbage actually had some use! Please let me know if they survived New Year's Eve! It is a tough night for statues ;)
I stopped by around midnight, and the bridge was packed, and they were sitting quiet under the covers. Will check them again in a moment. (to be continued)
Happy New Year to you too, Celena. : )
PS: Happy 2015 to you, Sandra! xox
Now I'm a bit worried about them as well. Did they survive the night unscathed?
Lin
I saw your question and realized I should make a proper update for everyone, so I have. : ) (they survived, but the rest of the area was not so lucky)
Happy New Year to you, Sandra! Lots of hugs, health and happiness!
Glad you went with your gut feelings! The figures should be very happy to have you as their guardian angle! ;)23 12 6its easier to start with an existing shepard (your previous playthrough shep) because he still got the weapons and upgrades from your previous playthrough. especially the earlier parts will become easier, when you normally dont have any skills. furthermore, dont do any sidequests. usually good for grinding XP, now they will only set you back.Hardcore difficulty is do-able, enemies only take longer to kill, its not that they become stronger. It helps when you have your armor and upgrades from previous playthrough.and DO upgrade your weapons. I only did that while on Noveria, after getting stuck just before Benezia. Upgrading my weapons did really help. I was a fool then, dont make the same mistakes I did ;) What do you mean by upgrade?Posted by Negative ZZ on 12 Feb 10 at 01:37 Does beating the game on Insanity unlock this achievement as well? Or do I have to beat the game twice if I want both Hardcore and Insanity achievements?Posted by Blackhawks3719 on 16 Feb 10 at 18:38 Negative, when you're at the Equipment menu, select a weapon and press X to apply upgrades (such as better ammunition, better accuracy, etc.). Blackhawks, Insanity difficulty is only unlocked upon completion of a Hardcore playthrough.Posted by Josh Landon on 25 Feb 10 at 14:37 Im a little confused, in the difficulty settings when you first start the game, the hardest setting is veteran... is this the same as hardcore? or do the other difficulty settings unlock after the first playthrough?Posted by TopGunJCR on 30 Jun 10 at 05:43 After 1st Playthrough you will unlock Hard-Core difficulty and when done on Hardcore you unlock Insanity.Posted by Seanthesheep97 on 27 Jul 10 at 11:54 Leave a commentProperty Attributes
- MLS#ML81854857
- TypeSingle Family
- CountySAN BENITO
- CitySan Juan Bautista
- AreaSan Juan Bautista
- Zip95045
- StyleFarm House,Ranch
- Price$ 2,199,000
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms5
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage5450
- Lot Size6.5 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Robert R. Fernandez with Altas Realty.
Data Source:
MLSListings - 40 - CA
Property Description
LA CASA COLINA is a modern ranch home and gateway to a peaceful way of life! Beautiful views from every window and the wrap around deck abounds with views over the fertile San Juan Valley. This 5450 sq ft estate on 6.5 acres offers three bedrooms (each with an attached bathroom), an over sized owner's suite with walk in Finnleo teak sauna, family room, dining room, living room and breakfast room. The huge primary gourmet kitchen features a full size sub zero refrigerator and full size freezer. There is also a full 2nd kitchen with high end appliances, dual ovens, warming drawer and a full size sub zero wine refrigerator! Enjoy cocktails at the beautiful hand crafted oak bar while entertaining your guests, watching a game or just taking in the breathtaking sunsets! Large laundry/mud room, hand finished beam ceilings, private gym, private sand beach, plenty of parking area, fenced & cross fenced, 6 stall barn, hay storage, arena, hot walker and so much more! Truly one of a kind!
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- Pool ferrite and bainite, and it generally has good welding performances.Grade X70 an overview ScienceDirect TopicsFigure 31.2 shows the mechanical properties of X70 line pipe. Sign in to download full size image. Figure 31.2..API.
API 5L X GradesX.API 5L Grade X70 Pipe Data Sheet OctalsteelMechanical Properties for API 5L X70485 or X70 485 (70 300) 570 (82 700) c 570 (82 700) a.API 5L X70 steel,API 5L X70 steel Application Steel API 5L X70 steel is suitable for use in conveying gas, water, and oil in both the oil and natural gas industries.. API 5L X70 steel Specification WT1mm 200mm OD6mm 3000mm. API 5L X70 steel Formed process:Chemical analysis , Tension &Mechanical tests / NDT operator qualification / Eddy current testing / Ultrasonic tesing
API 5L X70|X70 STEEL PLATE__Steel Supplier
Contact Us. Tel0086 13598879167 Fax0086 371 88884766 [email protected] [email protected] AddressGelin international Building,Zhengzhou city,Henan Province,ChinaWhatAPI 5L X70 Pipe Fittings API 5LX70 Large Stock.
ASME SA516 Grade 70SA516 Grade 70 PlateSA516 Grade
The mechanical properties of ASTM A516 Grade 70 and ASME SA516 Grade 70 carbon steel plate are outlined Typical Mechanical Values of ASTM A516 Grade 70/ASME SA516 Grade 70. PropertiesValueTensile Strength (N/mm2) 510/ 650Yield stress/ (PDF) Mechanical and Metallurgical Properties of Grade X70 The aim of this work is to study the effects of hydrogen absorption on mechanical properties of pipe API 5L X70 steel. This study is conducted in special soil solution NS4 with pH 6.7 It show that Microstructure and Mechanical Properties of X70 Pipeline Anti H2S X70 pipeline steel was developed. The microstructure of X70 pipeline steel was studied by the analysis of OM, SEM and TEM. The precipitation behavior was discussed. The comprehensive mechanical properties, HIC and SCC performance were systematically studied. The results indicated that the microstructure of the experimental steel was mainly acicular ferrite and granular bainite.
Low Cycle Fatigue Properties of the X70 High Frequency
In this work, the mechanical properties of the X70 HFW pipe were comprehensively assessed. The following conclusions were drawn(1) High weld quality can be achieved in the HFW pipe. Although a weakened zone appeared at the weld joint of the X70 HFW pipe, all mechanical properties were superior to the API specifications for the X70 line pipe.Microstructure, texture evolution and mechanical The evolution of microstructure, texture and mechanical properties of API X70 pipeline steel after different thermomechanical treatments has been studied using a combination of X ray diffraction and electron backscatter diffraction (EBSD). Our investigations revealed that different microstructure consisting of polygonal ferrite, bainite, coarse API 5L X70 Welded Pipes Supplier, API 5L L485 Welded Steel About API 5L X70 Welded Pipe. API 5L X70 Welded Pipes Specifications. API 5L L485 Steel Welded Pipe Chemical Composition. API 5L Grade X70 Welded Pipes Mechanical Properties. API 5L X70 Welded Carbon Steel Pipe Origin of Material. Suppliers, Exporter of API 5L X70 Welded Line Pipe. Buy API 5L X70 Welded Pipes in Stock at cheap prices
WhatMicrostructure and Mechanical Properties of Two Api rolling and normalising operations while the X70 Microstructure and mechanical properties of two Api steels All the mechanical properties could be better for the X70 steel, with adjustments in thermomechanical processing, reduction of pearlite content and the use of a microstructure consisting of acicular ferrite/bainite 2,24,38 42. The loss of strength resulting from reduced pearlite content can be offset by precipitation hardening and dislocation
A513 Mechanical Tubing Steel A 513 Carbon Steel Spec Sheet.List of 13 Mechanical Properties of Materials with ExamplesApr 09, 2018·.Plate Typical Properties Cardinal MetalsPLATES TYPICAL PROPERTIES. TypesCondition of SteelTensile Strength ksiYield Strength ksi % Elong in 2 % Elong in 8 Approx Brinell HardnessGeneral Purpose 1015As Rolled5029 1331020As Rolled5832 1431025As Rolled7034 156STRUCTURAL QUALITY CARBON ASTM A283, ASME SA36As Rolled55 to!
Boutique Fusion Solar Shades
$150.95 $75.48 you save 50%
Blindsgalore® Expressions Solar Shades: Textures & Patterns
$186.60 $93.30 you save 50%
Blindsgalore® Expressions Solar Shades: Solids
$186.60 $93.30 you save 50%
Customizeback to products
Size
Screen Openness
- 10% Openness (1)
- 3% Openness (2)
- apply
Fabric Pattern
Popular Features
- Alexa Compatible (3)
- Cordless (3)
- Remote Control / Motorized (3)
- Smart Home Compatible (3)
- Cordless (3)
- apply
Brand
- Blindsgalore (2)
- The Boutique (1)
- apply
Room
- Coastal Homes (1)
- Kitchen (2)
- apply
Material
- Fabric (1)
- Solar Screen (3)
- apply
Product Line
- Expressions 

Ramonville-Saint-Agne (Midi-Pyrénées, France) forecast issued: local time
| Updates in: hr min s| (Update imminent)
Issued: local time
| Updates in: hr min s| (Update imminent)
Ramonville-Saint-Agne Weather Forecast. Providing a local hourly Ramonville-Saint-Agne weather forecast of rain, sun, wind, humidity and temperature.
The Long-range 12 day forecast also includes detail for Ramonville-Saint-Agne weather today. Live weather reports from Ramonville-Saint-Agne weather stations and weather warnings that include risk of thunder, high UV index and forecast gales. See the links below the 12-day Ramonville-Saint-Agne weather forecast table for other cities and towns nearby along with weather conditions for local outdoor activities.
Ramonville-Saint-Agne is 157 m above sea level and located at 43.55° N 1.47° E. Ramonville-Saint-Agne has a population of 12573. Local time in Ramonville-Saint-Agne is CET.
Ramonville-Saint-Agne Weather Photos
See weather photos from Midi-Pyrénées, France.
Upload your own Ramonville-Saint-Agne weather image:UploadBlue and tan woven straw envelope cluch with snap closure. 6 Interior card slots. 11"W X 7.5"H X 0.25"D
Striped of-the-moment straw brings a modern (and beachy) update to this signature envelope-style clutch by Rebecca Minkoff.
Also available in Neutral.
NEW! Add your favorites to a shortlist to organize for upcoming occasions.
Click a <3 to start!
We created a shortlist for
Click the <3 to save your favoritesBank of New York Mellon Corp. must face a U.S. lawsuit that accuses the world's largest custody bank of defrauding clients in foreign-exchange transactions, a federal judge ruled.
U.S. District Judge Lewis Kaplan in New York said the government could proceed with its claim that BNY Mellon misled clients by offering so-called best execution, or the best available market price at the time currency trades are executed, according to a decision filed Wednesday.
The government's complaint contains allegations that “would permit the conclusion not only that bank employees knew their practices were inconsistent with an industry understanding of 'best execution,' but also took active steps to mislead their clients,” Mr. Kaplan wrote.
U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara sued BNY Mellon in 2011, claiming that it misled clients of its foreign-exchange services by concealing the way it was pricing trades. Mr. Bharara.”Home > Conscious Dreaming
"Hey, this isn't real," where you have control over an aspect (or aspects) of what you are experiencing.
This is where you have become "aware" while in the sleep state and this is where the fun begins...
"That's funny," I'm thinking. "Who's this little girl in front of me. ".....I reach my hand down to this sweet little thing who has already lifted her hand in anticipation of me holding it. Her big blue eyes wide with excitement as I begin to notice that I'm wearing a bizarre "get up"...huh...this is weird...OMG!!!
I'm dressed like...like.......Snow White?"
Yet, in the realm of conscious dreaming, I value these experiences of that special moment of increasing perception.
That flash of knowing is what I find to be precious. In that moment you are experiencing a shift in consciousness.
... if we create our reality with our mind, we are then training our mind to become ever more aware and to easily shift in consciousness. Do you follow?
Awareness begets more awareness:)
And it is receiving spiritual/personal development practices (or consciousness building practices, if you prefer to refer to it as), in the dream state not just in the wakened state. Very cool!
but I digress...
Often when this perception arrives I like to spontaneously fly... like Neo in "The Matrix".
Soaring through the sky just because I can.
... you have the opportunity to control some aspects of your dream. This is so much fun because you can go anywhere and do anything that you want. You no longer have physical limitations (or even financial ones for that matter).
If I want
to fly to Paris while dreaming... I can. (And on my own wings too!)
If I want to visit the sacred sites of the world, like Stonehenge or Machu Picchu, I can be there with just a thought :)
Woot!!
You can do this too!
More info...
The difference between conscious dreaming & Lucid, is just with more control... and the more you do it, the easier it becomes.
And...
Astral Projection differs from lucid dreaming, in that it happens outside of yourself and you do not have control over others. These are each different shifts in consciousness.
I hope I have ignited a spark inside of you to learn more on this vast subject.
(I would suggest using head phones for a greater affect.)
Do you have a great story about this? Share it!
Describe your dream! Tell us your experience. Explain what techniques you used to achieve lucid dreaming.Sale of Iran edible and industrial rock salt
Sale of Iran edible and industrial rock salt, white rock salt in cheap price, 25 kg or jumbo bag (1 ton) packing depend of customer request, export to Iraq, Oman, Armenia, Turkey, India.
Sale of Semnan edible and industrial salt rock, sale of decorative salt rock in Karaj, Ahvaz, Tehran and Shiraz, purchase of illuminated salt rock, purchase of decorative salt rock, sale of red salt rock, purchase of raw salt rock.
Sale of rock salt and its applications
Selling rock salt is used for industrial, food, pharmaceutical, decorative and … uses. According to published statistics, only 6% of the rock salt extracted from the mines is for food consumption and the other 94% is used in various industries and in pharmaceuticals.
From the past until today, rock salt has been used in food and medicine, but now the industrial use of rock salt is increasing and its various applications are increasing in various fields.
Application of industrial rock salt
Salt rocks are cut in different sizes and sizes and will have different sizes depending on the application. Sales of rock salt for domestic and industrial use are increasing. In the following, we will express and review these cases:
- These stones have therapeutic applications and are suitable for respiratory diseases such as shortness of breath and asthma.
- One of the new uses of rock salt is to make decorative items. In addition to the aesthetic aspect, these stones emit negative ions in the environment and thus provide a relaxing atmosphere in the home environment and ….
- Rock salt is used as a diet for livestock and poultry.
- Selling rock salt in industrial and domestic facilities is very suitable for hardening and removing sediments.
Use salt therapy stones at home
The sale of rock salt is widely used in medical cases. The ions in rock salt can easily absorb dust particles in the air and thus clean the ambient air. Such an atmosphere is very suitable for breathing people and helps to treat shortness of breath. In traditional medicine, several healing properties have been mentioned for rock salt.
Salt stone can eliminate phlegm, bile and soda and help to make the skin clearer, fresher and more rejuvenated.
Sale of Iran rock salt
Garmsar mine rock salt has a unique quality and today the mines of this city are being extracted using the latest technologies in the world. These stones are in different types and models.
Garmsar mines have a high degree of purity. Before buying and salt rock, be aware of its quality, because low quality salt stones are not used much and are discarded in various industries.
Source: Iran rock salt Market